THE

fetattttea at Harge,

<dnno fecundo Georgii III. Regis $

Being the FIRST Seffion of the Twelfth Parliament of GREAT BRITAIN,

B Y

PANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s Inn, Efq;

THE

Statute* at large,

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA

To the END of ihe

\

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761.

CONTINUED.

By DAN BY PICKERING, of Gray’s-Inn, Efq>

Reader of the Law Lefture to that Honourable Society.

VOL. XXV, PART I.

CAMBRIDGE,

Primed by JOSEPH BENTHAM, Printer to the UNIVERSITY, fbrCHARLES BATHURST, at the Croft-Keys, oppofite St. Dunftan’a Church in Fleet.Street, London;

m,dcc,lxiil

TO

THE HONOURABLE

CHARLES YORKE,

ATTORNEY-GENERAL to His MAJESTY.

SIR,

TH E Liberty I have taken in dedicating td You in a publick manner, this Edition of the Statutes, will I hope, be excufed, when you confider that it owes in a great meafure it’s very Being to You.

Wh e n the uncommon abilities with which You vindicated the right of the Univerlity to print law-books, had fo clearly refuted every objection, avddifpelled every doubt from the mind of that Honourable. Court the King’s Bench, that their noble  Chief,who  always breathes the Spirit of

the Laws, would permit no unneceflary delays to fufpend their Juftice j — You applied it imme-Vol. XXV.  a  diately

r

DEDICATION.

diately to the Honour of the Univerfity and the Public Utility, by fuggeftingfuch a publication of an intire body of the Statutes as was likely to prove of moft general convenience: — my de-fire to make a thankful acknowledgment for the hohour of being entrufted with the execution of your Plan, has been hitherto awed by the fear of offending, but united with the inclination of the Univerfity, pardon me if it can no longer be refir trained in Silence.

That learned body, on yourfirft appearance among them, faw You pofTeffed of richer Stores of learning than many others are at their leaving itj and the more admired to obferve You, indefatigable in the purfuit of new attainments, devote to Science that early feafon of life, too frequently refigned to pleafure and diffipation; and that admiration became ripened into the higheft pfteem and friendfhip with it’s mod reipe&able members, whilft You were no lefs diftinguifhed by your moft regular obfervance of every thing that Academical authority requires, than by the pi oft polHhed and amiable manners.

The Seafon that called you forth into A&ion, fieemed only the Harveftdue to the cultivation of fuch talents at the fountain of learning; a ad the maftcrly fkill with which You explained ,yarious queftions of Policy and Law, in the -Senate and at the ^ar, not only fixed the

DEDICATION.

attention of aU the men of bufinefs, but at-traced the regards of a Sovereign, who bring himfelf poffefTed of every virtue, feels the aoUeft Satisfaction in exalting modeft worth* aad therefore called You to that important office, — a Choice that reflects mutual luftre both on the Royal Donor and on rite Receiver.

In the Character of Sollicitor General You endeavoured to deftroy a Monopoly, and to extend the freedom of the Prefs to the Uni-verfity; becaufe You forefaw that they would exercife it for the public good;, and becaufe neither the weight nor variety of bufinefs could ever interrupt the good offices of your antient friendfhip; on the contrary. You rendered it inftrumental to the protection and honour of that bodyj — and it's particular Members, in the moft difficult cafes, ever found in You, at once an able advifer, and a generous Patron.

But I have been betrayed infenfiblyby the warmth of my own Sentiments and of others, into the danger of giving offence, where I intended the reverfe: — indeed, the delicacies of your Character demand an abler hand than mine, — I forbear therefore, — though not without a fecret murmur, that You are continually deferving praifes, yet are unwilling to hear them, though they afford the highefl pleafure to every one befide.

a z  -At

DEDICATION.

At leaft. Sir, permit this Offering of the Firft-fruits of a Prefs, for which you pleaded with fo much learning, fpirit and force, that the Univerfity might almoft call it Your’s, and which under Your Aufpices they propofe to employ for the general fervice of the nation : — permit me to entreat Your Pardon for this intrufion, and Your favourable acceptance of this work, and to affure You that I am, with the fincereft Refpeft,

SIR,

Your moft obedient, and

devoted humble Servant,

Inner-Temple^

January 26.

17*3-

DANBY PICKERING.

9

Jan. 26, 1763,

A LIST of Names of the SUBSCRIBERS to Mr. Pickering’s Edition of the Statutes, fent in fince the Publication of the firft Vor lume in November.

MR. George Andrews, attorney, at Felftead, Eflex Reverend Afhby of Barwell, Leicefterfhire John Tracy Atkins, Efquire, Curifitor Baron Thomas Aylmer, of the Middle Temple, Efquire

Mr. William Baker, attorney, at Folkftone Mr. Robert Bally man, attorney, at Bamftaple Mr. John Barrow, of Lcominfter, 2 Setts Mr. John Barmby, jun.

Mr. John Bateman, attorney, at Derby

Air. James Baxter, attorney, at Knighton

Mr. Robert Baynes

Peter Bell, of Eafingwould, Efquire

Mr. Jofeph Bence, of Wooten Under-edge

William Dee Beft, Efquire

Reverend Mr. Beadon

Charles Bill, Efquire

John Bindley, Efquire, one of the Commijfioners of Excife

Mr. Simon Blomfield of Woodbridge

Air. Francis Blakifton, attorney, at Sunderland

Mr. William Blennerhaflet

Mr. Markham Brayham, attorney, at Newmarket

Mr. Thomas Brewlter, attorney, at Kingfton

Mr. Thomas Brookbank

Mr. Charles Browne, attorney, at Storrington, Suflex Mr. John Browne, jun. attorney, at Steyning, Suflex Air. Henry Bruton, attorney, at Cullumpton John Afkell Bucknall, of Oxy-hall, Hertfordlhire, Efquire rtenry Burrard, Efquire

Mr. Jofeph Carles, attorney, at Birmingham

Robert Chambers, of the Middle Temple, Efquire

Awnfliam Churchill, Efquire

John Claxton, of Lincoln’s Inn, Efquire

Mr. Peter Clarkp, attorney, at Ipfwich

Mr. John Clarke, bookfeller

Thomas Cockayne, of Soham, Cambridgelhire, Efquire Charles Nalfon Cole, of the Inner Temple, Efquire Charles Wolfran Cornwall, Efquire Captain Frederick Cornwall Mr. John Collin of Saffron Walden

B

C

6

Mr.

A LIST of SUBSCRIBERS.

Mr. Samuel Collet, attorney, at Worcefter Richard Combs, Efq;

John Cookfon of the Middle Temple, Efquire Mr. John Cotton, Bookfeller, at Shrewsbury Mr. Richard Crawfoot, attorney, at Yoxford

D

Right Honourable the Earl of Dartmouth Right Honourable the Earl of Darlington James Darling, of Mile End, Efquire Mr. Richard Dann, attorney, at Hackney Mr. William Dance

James Day, Gent, attorney, and Town-clerk of Cambridge* Mr. George Dennis

Mr. Ifaac Denton, of Seabraham, in Cumberland Matthew Dodfworth, of Creek-Hall, Efquire

E

Right Honourable the Earl of Egremont, one of bit Atajtfjfs principal Secretaries of State Mr. Edward Eafton, bookfeller, at Salisbury Reverend Mr. Tucker Egerton Mr. Charles Etherington, bookfeller, at York Mr. Utid Evans, attorney, at Carmarthen

. F

Mr. Sampfon Farbrace, attorney, at Dover

William Fitzherbert, of Tiflington, Derbvfhire, Efquire

Mr. William Frederick, bookfeller, at Bath

Mr. John Freeman, attorney, at Combs

Meflrs. Franklin and Pattifon, attomies, at Alhford

G

Mr. Thomas Gabb, attorney, at Briftol Mr. S. Gamidge, bookfeller, at Worcefter Thomas Gilbert, of the great Wardrobe, Efquire Mr. Thomas Golebome, of Furnival’s Inn Jonathan Grundy, of Little Wigftan, Efquire

H

John Harris, of Gray’s Inn, Efquire

Mr. Edward Harvey, attorney, at Walton

Reverend Mr. Hall, treafurer of the church of Welle  *

George Heathcote, of Hereford, Efquire

Richard Heaton, of the Middle Temple, Efquire

Mr. Robert Heydon, bookfeller, Plymouth

Tofeph Hickey, of St. Albans, Efquire

The Reverend Mr. Hotchkifc, of Shrewsbury

James Hubbald, Efquire

Mr. Edward Hughes, attorney, at Aberyftwyth

John Hyde, of Lincoln’s Inn, Efquire

I

Mr. Janfon, attorney, at Leybcurn, Yockibirc

Charles Jenkinfon, Efquire  Mr.

v^ooQle

A LIST of SUBSCRIBERS.

Mr. Thomas Johnfon, attorney, at Claphain, Yarklhire Mr. Ilderton, of Weftoe, near Shields.

K

Anthony Keck, of Great Tew, Oxfordfture, Efquire

Mr. Richard Kelfall

Mr. William King, paper-maker

Thomas Knight, of the Middle Temple, Efquire

L

Theophilus Lane, of Hereford, Efquire Stephen Martin Leake, Elquire George Leith, of Deal, Elquire Mr. R. Lewis, bookfelkr, Worcefter Thomas Lockhart, of Lincoln’s Inn, Elquire Mr. Henry Lowes

Mr. John Lloyd, attorney, Carmarthen William Lutwyche, of Lutwyche, Efquire

M

John Maine, of Grays Inn, Efquire Mr. Thomas Marion, keeper of the marfhalfea Sir William Milner, Baropet John More, Efquire

Reverend Sir John Molley, of Rollefton, Staffordlhire, Baronet Mr. NathanielMorgan, attorney, Carmarthen Mr. Thomas Moore, attorney, at Newmarket Mr. George Morgan, of Brecknock

N.

William Negus, of Dallinghoe, Efquire

Mr. John Nicholfon

John Nicoll, of Lincolns Inn, Efquire

O.

Richard Ward Offley, of Hinton, Elquire Charles Owen, of Gray’s Inn, Efquire

P.

-------Palmer, Efquire

Mr. Thomas Parker, attorney, at Worcefter Mr. Thomas Payne, Bookfeller John Pechell, Efquire

Andrew Pemberton, of die Inner Temple, Efquire

William Weller Pepys, of Chrift Church, Oxon. Efquire

Mr. Pemberton, of Durham

Mr. John Pepper, attorney. Grange Court

Mr. John Poole, ofHinkley, Leicefterlhire

Mr. John Ponfonby attorney, at Egremont, Cumberland

James Plunket, Elquire

R.

Mr. John Raincock, of Hatton Garden Mr. Kidfdale, attorney, Sunderland

Mr.

A LIST of SUBSCRIBER^

Mr. John Ridley, of Woodbridge

Reverend Mr. Robert Richardfon

Mr. John Riyett, of Brandefton-Hall, Suffolk

Mr. William Roberts, attorney, at Carmarthen

S.

Abney Parker Sankey, of Dublin, Efquire

Mr. Thomas N. Scott, attorney, at Ipfwich

Mr. Nicholas Shuttleworth, ot Durham

Mr. John Sidney, of the Inner Temple

Jofeph Sikes, ot Newark, Nottinghamlhire, Efquire

JohnSkipp, of Ledbury, Efquire

Mr. Thomas Slap, attorney, at Botefdale

John Smith, of Ltricoln’s Inn, Efquire

Mr. Richard Socket, attorney, at Worcefter

Thomas Steele,^of Chichefter, Efquice

T.

Edward Taylor, of the Inner Temple, Efquire

Stephen Terry, Efquire

Mr. Thomley, attorney, at Chefterfidd

Mr. John Toovey, attorney, at Wallingford

Sir John Turner, Baronet

Colonel Tomer, of Clint

Charles Tudway, of Wells, Efquire

Mr, William Twopenny, attorney, at Rochefter

Rev. Mr. Robert Tyrwhitt, Fellow of Jefus College, Cambridge'

V,

Sir Philip Vavafor, Baronet

W.

Right Honourable the Lord Willoughby, of Parham

Mr. Ward, attorney* in Elm Court

Mr. Pen. Watkins, attorney, at Brecknock

Mr. Thomas Weaver

William Whitaker, Efq;

Reverend Mr. John Wibberfley

George Wingfield, of the Inner Temple, Efquire

Mr. Wilfon, attorney, at Sunderland

Mr. Edward Wife, attorney, at Harlow

Mr. Robert Woodgate, attorney, at Dedham

Mr. James Woodgate, bookfeller, at Lewes

Mr. Woolferftan, attorney, atTamworth

Mr. John Worral, bookfeller

John Wright* of Long Acre, Efquire

Y.

Mr. Francis Yerbury, of Bradford, Wiltfhire Thomas Yorke, Efquire.

A

TABLE

Containing the Titles of all the

STATUTES

PUBLICS and PRIVATE,

Pafled Anno fecundd

G E O R G I I III. Regis.

Being the Firft Sefiion of the Twelfth Parliament of

Great Britain

PVBLICK ACTS,

AN ad for enabling his Majefty to make provifion for fup-porting the royal dignity of the Queen, in eafe (he (hall furvive his Majefty.

II.  An ad to repeal fo much of an ad pafled in the firft year of thereign of his prefent Majefty King George the Third, intituled. An aft for the relief of infolvent debtors, as relates to creditors compelling prifoners charged in execution to deliver up their eftates, and to luch prifoners being thereupon di(charged,

III.  An ad for granting an aid to his Majefty bv a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of tne year one tboufand feven hundred and (ixty two,

IV.  An ad for continuing and granting to his Majefty cer-tain duties upon malt, mum, cyder* and perry, for the lervice of the year orte thoufand feven hundred and fixty two.

V.  An ad for more effedually preventing the excefljve ufe of ijtintuous liquors for home confumption, by laying additional curies upon fpirits made in Great Britain* or imported into the fame ; and for better regulating and encouraging the exportation of Britijb made fpirits; and for fecuring the payment of the duties upon fpirituous liquors.

VI.  An ad for the importation of falted beef, pork, and but-x ter into this kingdom from Ireland, for a limited time, for the 

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

fupply of his Majefty'* (hips, tranfport and other (hips and vef-fels, in his Majefty’s immediate fervice and pay.

VII.  An alt for enabling his Majefty toraife a certain fum of money towards paying off and difeharging the debt of the navy, and towards naval fervices for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two.

VIII.  An alt tor granting to his Majefty feveral rates and duties upon windows, or lights.

IX.  An act for charging certain annuities granted in the year one thoufand feven hundred and fatty, on the (inking fund ; and for carrying the duties therein mentioned to the faid fund; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, loft, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed.

X.  An alt for raifing by annuities, in manner therein mentioned, the fum of twelve millions, to be charged on the finking fund $ and for applying the furphis of certain duties on fpi-rituous liquors, and alio the monies arifing from the duties on fpirituous liquors, granted by an alt of this fefiion of parliament.

XI.  An act for punilhing mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

XII.  An a<5l for the regulation of his Majefty*s marine forces while on (hore.

XIII.  An alt for appointing commiflioners for putting in execution an alt of this fefiion of parliament, intituled, An aft

( for granting an aid to bis Majejly by a land tax, to be raifed in Great ' Britain, for thd fervid of the year ohe thoufand feven hundred and fixty two.

XIV.  An alt to prevent vexatious proceedings againft brewers, viltuallers, and others, with refpdt of the prices of beer and ale; for better fccuring the revenue upon ftrong beer and ale, by preventing fraudulent mixing thereof; to repeal fo much of an act made in the firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as extends certain provifions relative to the exportation of Ipirituous liquors to the exportation of ftrong beer and ale ; and for the more effeltual preventing the re-landing of beer, ale, cyder, and mum, (hipped for exportation as merchandize.

XV.  An alt for the better fupplying the cities of London and IVeJimin/ler with fifh, and to reduce the prefent exorbitant price thereof; and to protdt and encourage fifhermen.

XVI.  An alt for the encouragement of Teamen, and the more fpeedy and effdtual manning his Majefty’s navy.

XVII.  Art alt for relief of the vaflals of the feveral eftates which are or may be annexed to the crown, by virtue of an alt pafled in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his late Majefty, and for carrying the purpofes of the faid alt more effectually into execution; and for enforcing and carrying into execution fo much of an alt pafled in the nrft year of the reign cs€ •his prefent Majefty, as relates to the paying and difeharging the wadfetts affelting the eftatc of Lovat.

xvni:Aa

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

XVni. An ad for rendering more effedual an ad made in the twelfth year of the reign of her lateMajefty queen Armey intituled, An aft for providing a publick reward for fuch perfon or perfms as Jball difeover the longitude at fea, with regard to the making experiments of pn^ofels made for difepyering the longitude.

XIX.  An ad for the better prefervaticn of the game in that part of Great Britain called England.

XX.  An a# to explain, amend, and reduce into one ad of parliament, the feyeral laws, now in being, relating Jo the raiiixtg and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England.

XXI.  An ad for paving, cleaning, and lighting, the fquares* ftteets, and lanes, wjthin the city and liberty of Wejlniin(lery the parifhes of Saint Giles in the Fields^ Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Bloomsbury, that part of the parifh of Saint Andrew's Hot-bourn which lies in the county of Middlefex* the feveral liberties pf the Rolls and Savoy, ana that part of the duteby of Lan-eafler which lies in the county of Middlefexy and for preventing annoyances therein; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

XXII.  An aft for the keeping regular, uniform, and annual regifters, of all parifti poor infants under a certain age, within the bills of mortality*

XXIII.  An ad to indemnify fuch as have omitted to qualify* themfelves for offices and employments, and to indemnify juftices of the peace, deputy lieutenants, and officers of the militia, or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their Qualifications within the rime limited by law, and for giving further time for thofe purpofes ; and for the making and filing of affidavits of articles of clerkfhip.

XXIV.  An ad for importing fait from Europe into the colony of Nova Scotia in America.

XXV.  An ad for naturalizing fuch foreign proteftants as have ferved, or (hall ferve, for the time therein mentioned, as officers or foldiers in his Majefty’s royal American regiment, or j -as engineers in America.

XXVI.  An ad for allowing further time for inrollment of I deeds and wills made by papifts j and for relief of proteftant

purchafers.

XXVII.  An ad for enabling the judges of the court of fef-fion in Scotland to make an adjournment of the faid court for fiich time, betwixt the twentieth day of December and the fifteenth day of January, yearly, as they (hall judge mod conve-

j oient not exceeding twenty days.

j XXVIII. An ad to prevent the committing of -thefts and frauds by perfons navigating bum boats, and other boats, upon ffie river Thames.

• XXIX. An ad to amend fo much of an ad made in the firft jm of the reign of King James the Firft, intituled. An aft for the better execution of the intent and meaning of former Jlatutcs made ...........................A  2  againfi  .

Vj OO

A TABLE of t fife STATU f ES.

agdittjl JhootiAg in guns, and for the prtfervation of the game of /ants and partridges, and againjl the defraying of hares with harrt pipes, and tracing hares in the jnow; as relates to the prefervation of houfe doves and pigeons, by macing the manner 6f convuSi-ing fueh perfort or perfons as mainoffend therein more easy and . expeditious.

XXX.  An aft for enlarging and improving the north caff - avenue of London Bridge.

XXXI.  AA aft for making perpetual an aft for the better regulator! and government or feamen in the merchants fervic^ ; and for extending the provilions thereof ta his Majefty’s colonies in America.

XXXII.  An aft for draining and preferving certain low . .lands called The Tens, lying on both Tides of the river Withamy

m the county of Lincoln; and for reftorine and maintaining the navigation of the faid river, from the High Bridge in the city of Lincoln, through the borough of Bofton, to the fea.

XXXIII.  An aft for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the finking fund; and for applying certain monies remaining in the exchequer, for the fervice or the year one thou-

t land feven hundred and fixty two ; and for fettling and fecilr-itig a certain annuity for the ufe of the right honourable Arthur Onflow, fpeaker of the houfe of commons in the laft five parliaments.

XXXIV.  An aft for enabling his Majefty to raife the fum of one million for the ufes and purpofes therein mentioned ; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffibn of parliament ; and for allowing time for the payment of the ftajmp duties omitted to be paid upon admiflions into corporations or Companies, and appointments to offices therein; and for the relief of William Earle, in refpeft of a quantity of white fait, foft by thef wreck of a rttip near the harbour of Dublin. ,

XXXV.  An aft for applying the money granted in this feflion of parliament, towards defraying the charge of the pay of

' the militia of that part of Great Britain called England, wHen tfriembodied, and of the cloathmg of the part of the faid militia now unembodied, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feVen hundred and fixty two.

XXXVI.  Art aft for better fecurlng the payment of the futns of money direfted by an aft made in the thirty fecond year; of

. the reign of his latd Majefty King George the Second, to be applied in augmerttation of the falaries of the puifne judges in the ’ court of 'King’s Bench, the judges irr the court of Common Pinas, the barons of the coif inf the court of Exchequer,• at Weftminjler, and the juftices of Chefler and the great feffiorre for the counties in Wales, for the time being.

XXXVII.  Ait aft for vefting certain tends, tenements, and „• hereditaments, upon the fea coafts, in the counties of Kent,

Suffix, and Southampton, on which forts and batteries have been . Cfefted for the defence of the faid coafts in truftees, for Cer-tain'Ufes? and for other purpofes therein mentioned,

XXXVIII.  An

CjOOQ 1C

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

XXXVIII.  An zft for jhe moi* easy apd ipcpdy r^oyery qf (mall, debts, within the town and county of the town of Kingr Jim upon Hull.

XXXIX.  An a«St for repairing and widening the roads from Jfatten*$ Pond in the county or Southampton, tQ the eighteen mile (lone from the city of Salisbury near Willgughby Hedge \ and from JVeJl Anusbury to AnJUow Hill; and ftojn Amesbury to Fid-§asn ; and from the New Inn in Amtsburv to the end of the pa-nih leading to Durrington \ and from fvily to Cook's Houle and L&ndford; and from Beacon Hill to the Nag's Head; and from thence one mile of thf road lading to Shrewton in the county of

mbs.

XL. An a& fpr fupplying the town of Halifax yrith water.

XLI. An adl for rendering more effectual feveral ads pafled in the fifth year pf his late Majefty King George the Firft, and the thirteenth year of his l$te Majefty Xing George the Second, for repairing tne roads from the top of Stojcenchurch Hill to En-jhw bridge, through the city of Oxford, by Begbrooke, to New.

IVoodft&ck in the county of Oxon; and for repairing the road ffom the Cro^n alehoufe, to the turnpike on Stokenchurch Hill aforefiud; and for repairing the mile-ways on each fide the faid. city, as therein mentioned.

aLII. An ad for repairipg, widening, and altering, the road from Sandon in the county of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy in the county of Chiller: apd from Hilderjlone, to Draycott in the Moors ; and from iVetley Rocks, to Fean, in the faid county of tefford.

aLIII. An ad for repairing and widening feveral roads in tHfe comities of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the borough of Salt-cjb in the county of CornjvaU.

XLIV. An act for repairing and widening the roads from a certain place near Bolton in the Moors, to feigb; and thence to the guide pod near Golhourne Dale, an4 to the fouth end of Newton Bridge $ and from tfre faid guide poft to Wimuick; and from Neputon by Parr Stocks, tp the guide poft in Parr, in the county palatine of Lancqfter.

XLV. An apt for better regulating the poor $ maintaining a nightly watch; fighting, paying, and ejeanfiog the iireets, rows, and pafiages; proyiding fire-engines and firemen: and regulating the hackney coachmen, chairmen, carmen, apd porters;* prithin the city of Chtfler.

XLVI. An act for repairing and widening the road from thp Lcflwithiel turnpike road, in the parifh of Creed in the county of Ccmwall, through Tregony7 to Rftan fanehorne j and from Den- . xs Water* to three hundred yards on the fouth fide of Trethim Mill, in the parifh of Saint Jqft, in the faid county.

XXVII.  An act for the enlightning the ftreets, lanes, and pafiages, within the*town ajfd county Qf the town of Nottingy from*

XLVIII. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted pefo fevep^ts, faffed in the fixth and fifteenth years of hi|

. .  A$  ^

VjOO^LC

A TABLE of the STATUTES/

fete Majefty, for the more effectual reparing the roads leading from Wadefmill in the county of Hertford, to Barley and Royfttm 5! and for making the faid acts more effectual,

XLIX. An act for amending and widening the road from the turnpike road at or near the town of Swindon, to the north end (or fide of the town of Marlborough, and from the faid town of Marlborough to the village of Everly in the county of Wilts.

L. An act for repairing^ widening, and altering, feveral roads leading from Taviflock to Plymouth, and other places in the county of Devon.

LI, An act to amend and render more effectual an act palled in the laft feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for amending9 widening, and leeping in repair, the road leading from Fifherton Bridge to the turnpike road at Willoughby Hedge in Weft Knoyle, and from Wilton Bridge, to the tfirnpiie road at the weft end of Heytefbury; and alfo the road from the turnpike road at the top of Hed Hone Hill, in the parijb ^Urflifont, to the mile-jlone at the Wejlern end of Fifherton Street in the county of Wilts.

LII. An act for building a bridge crofs tne river Teefe, at or near the ferry in the parifh of Stockton, in the county of Durham.

LIII, An act f<?r repairing and widening the roads leading front Kelfal, in the county of Salop, to IVhyion Crofs, and from thence over Burnhill Green Rudge Heath, by the two New Inns^ ‘and to a place called High Gate Wdrrep, in the county of Stafford.

LIV. An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair^ the road, from CajlleJlreet, at the end of the town of HincJtfy9 to Lutterworth Town* s-End, and from, or near, the Guide Poft, at JValcot fywn’s-End, in the county of Leicefler, to the Eighty Mile ftonrf, in Wolford Field, in the county of Northampton.

LV. An act for continuing and rendering more effectual an act patTed in the tenth year of his late Majefty King George the rSecond, intituled, 'An aft for continuing an aft paffed in the third year of the reign of His Majefy King George the Firfl, for laying a duty of two Pennies Scots, or one fixth part of a fenny fterling, fn every pint of ale or beer, that /hall be vended, or fold, within the toivn 0/Dumfries, and privileges thereof, for paying the debts of the faid town, and for building a church, and making a harbour there \

* and for laying a duty on the tannage of (hipping, and a duty 00 goods imported and exported, into, and out of, the port 01 the Jthe faid town, for thp better repairing of the faid harbour.

LVI. An act to amend and render more effectual an act made in the twenty eighth year of th$ reign of his late Majefty King /George the Second, for making navigable Sanky Brook, in the county of Lancajlcr, and for the exfinding and improving the faid navigation.  «

? LVIL An act to amend an act made in the thirty fecond year of the reign of his late Majefty, for repairing and widening (c* Veraf roads, therein mentioned, in the counties of Southampton and Dorfet: and for amending and widening the road between

'  Digitized  by  LjOOQLC

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Rtugumd Gate, in the county of Southampton to Woolsbridge; and from thence to the great Weftern road, between a place called Thick Thorn and Cajbmore Inn.

LVJII. An adl for the better relief and employment of the poor, and for cleanfing the (beets, lanes, and other paflages and places, in the parUhes of Saint James, within the liberty of Weftminjler, and tor enlarging the chuich yard belonging to the (aid parifh.

LIX. An adfc for repairing, widening, turning, arid fhort-ening the road leading from the turnpike road on Farrais Common, in the parifh of Bradford, through Holt and Mclkjham, to Homan*s Stile, in the parifh of Laycock, in the county of Wilts.

LX. An a<5t for repairing and widening the road from the turnpike road at Weyhill, in the county of Southampton, to the turnpike road at Lyde Way, in the county of tVilts.

LXI. An adt for altering, widening, and amending, the road from the north gate of the city of Winchejler, over Worthy Cow Down, through JVbitcburch, and other places, to Newtown River, and aIfo the road from Worthy Cow Down aforefaid, through Wberwell, to the prefent turnpike road at Andover, in the county of Southampton.

LXIL An adt for repairing and widening the high road, leading from AJbbome, in the county of Derby, to the town of Leek, in the county of Stafford, and from Reycroft Gate, upon Rujhton Common, to Congleton, in the county of Chejler •, and alfo the road leading from Bfyth Marjh, in the county of Stafford, through Chcadle, Oakamoor, and Blore, to the turnpike road, from Aft-borne to Bukton near Thorp, in the county of Derby.

LXIII. An adl for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in repair, the road from the fouth end of Sparrow'sHerne on Bujby Heath, through the market towns of Watford, Berchamp* fiead. Saint Peters, and Tring, in the county of Hertford, by Pettifers Elms, to the turnpike road at Walton, near Aylesbury, in the county of Bucks.  1

LXIV. An adl for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, fcveral roads leading from Bridge Town Pomeroy, and from Teing Bridge in the county of Devon.

LXV. An a & for repairing and widening the roads from the White Pojl on Hajleden's Wood, in the parifh of Cranbrooke, to Apfledore Heath; and from Milk Houfe Street, in the fame parifh, to Cajllederis Oak, in the parifh of Biddenden; and from Golford Green, in the faid parifh of Cranbrooke, to Tanner's Vent, ip die parifh of Benenden, all in the county of Kent.

LXVI. An a<£t for repairing the road from the turnpike road on the top of Whittfbeet HiU, to a place called the Hare Warren i and from thence to the Index Pofl, (landing near the Bland* fori turnpike road, on the fide of tiarnam Hill; and alfo for repairing and widening the road from the faid Index Poll, to a houfe called Majler Baker's Farm Houfe, in the county of Wilts.

LXVIL An adl for continuing, enlarging, and rendering more effectual, fo much of an act made m the fourteenth year

A f

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

of the reign of his late Majefty King George the Second, inti-=-tuled, An aft for enlarging the terms and powers granted by two a£is of parliament, for repairing the roads leading from feven Oaks' t& Wood (gate and Tonbridge Wells; and from Woodfgate to Kip-pings Crofs in the county of Kent; and alfo for repairing the roads from Kippings Crofs aforefaidy Lamberhurft Pound and Pul— Jen’s Hill, in the faid county; and to Flimwell Vent, in the county fl/'Suffex; as relates to the amending, repairing, and keeping in repair, the faid roads, leading from Kipping’c Crofs aforelaid, to Lamberlmrjl Pound, Pullen's Hill, and Flimwell Vent, afore-fed.

LXVIII. An act for building two new churches, and providing burial places within the town of Liverpool, in the county palatine of Lancajler; and fof the better preferving the pavements of the ftreets in the faid town ; and for afcertaining the fares and prices to be paid carters, carmen, hackney coachmen^ and chairmen, and for regulating their behaviour, within the (aid town.

LXIX. An aft for explaining and amending fo much of two afts of the twenty feventh and twenty ninth years of his late Majefty, for repairing feveral roads tnerein mentioned, in the counties of Leicejler and Warwick, as relates to the road between Hinckley and Coventry.

LXX. An aft to amend and render more effeftual feveral * afts made for cleanfing and enlightening the ftreets of the town of Kingjlon upon Hull, and for preventing annoyances therein.

LXXl: An aft for continuing the term and powers of an aft, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late Majefty * intituled. An aft for repairing the road from Doncafter, through the parijh 0/Tenifton, in the 'county of York, to Salter’s Brook* in the* county ofChefter; and alfo the road from Rotherham, in the faid county of York, to Hartcliffe Hill, in the faid parijh of Penifton ; and for making the faid aft more effeftual fo far as the fame relates to the faid road between Doncajler and Salter's Brook.

LXXII. An aft for repairing and widening the road from FUrmvell Vent, in the county of SuJfeX) through Highgate in the county of Kent) and the pari flies of Sandhurfl) Newenden, and '’Northiam, to Ryef in the (aid county of Suffix \ and from High* gate aforefaid, to Coopers Corner, in the faid county of Suffix, 'and to TubVs Lake in the faid county of Kent.

LXXIII. An aft for repairing and widening the roads from a certain bridge, called James Deeping Stone Bridge) to PeterU Gate in Stamford) in the county of Lincoln) and from thence, fo the fouth end of the town of Morcot) in the county of Rutland.'

LXXIV. An aft to amend and render more effeftual an aft made in the t wenty ninth year of the reign of his late Majefty^ intituled. An aft for amending and keeping in repair the roads lead** hgfrom Meadbrook, which divides the parifhes of Pucklechurch ftna Mangotsfield, in the county of Gloucefter, to Chriftian MaU

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ford Bridge, in the county tf Wilts, and from Pucklechurch afore faid, to certain coal mines in the faid

LXXV. An aft for repairing and widening the high road leading from the north end of Ballingdon  in  ,  in

the county of Suffolk, to the fouth gate in Berry Stunt -Edmunds in the Cud county.

LXXVI. An aft for amending and widening the road leading from the high poft road near the town of Faverjbam, by Bacon’s Water., through AJbford, to the town and port of Hytbe, in the county of Kent, and from Bacon's to. a certain lane, called  Holy-Lanein near the city of

Canterbury.

LXXVn. An aft to enlarge the term and powers, and alfo to raider more effectual an a61 for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the feveral roads from the town of Pool, in the county of Montgomery, to Wrexham, in the county of Denbigh ; and alfo the road from Kn, in the county of Salop, to  Llanrbedader, in Mochnant, in the county of Denbigh, and to

repair and widen feveral other roads therein mentioned.

LXXVIII. An aft for amending and widening the road from the  Market-Houfe,in Stourbridge, to Colly Gatf, in Cradley,

and from Pedmore, to Holly HaU, and from Colly Gate, to Haltfnven, and from the turnpike road on Dudley Wood, to Red-mil Green, in the parifh of King’s Norton, ami from Carter’s. Lame, to the Bell Inn at Northfitldin the counties of Worcejler, Uafford, and Salop.

LXXIX. An aft for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, feveral roads leading from Cleobury Mortimer, the Croft Htufes, Glazeley ,and the turnpike gate on Abbtrlty Hill, in the counties of Salop and Worcejler.

LXXX. An aft for amending, widening, and keeping in

?air, feveral roads therein mentioned, lying in the counties Leuefter and Warwick, and in the county of the city oi Coventry.

LXXXI. An aft for widening, repairing, and amending, the road from Htjket, by  Yewes Bridge, to and

from thence by Lorton, over fVto in the county of Cumberland; and from  by  Dummail Rays

and  Amble fide,to Kerby in Kendall in tne county of

and from  Plumhgarth’s Croft, near Kirby in Kendall aforefaid, to

the lake called Windermere, in the county of Wejlmorland; and from  Kejwickaforelaid, to the town of Penrith, in the county

of Cumberland.

LXXXII. An act to continue, and render more effectual, an act palled in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late Mtjefty, for amending, widening, ana keeping in repair, the road leading from Burleigh Bridge, in the town of Loughborough, to Alhby de la Zouch, in the county of Leicefter; and for repairing and widening the road, branching but of the' faid road, at Cole-fUts Cntpcb, over Coletrtm Moor, and through Worthington

*a4

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

and Sutton Bonington, to Rempflon, in the counties of Letcejfvr and Nottingham.

LXXXni. An act for repairing; and widening the roads from Kirkby-Steven High-Lane Heal, in the county of Weftmsrr— landy through Sedbergh, to Greeta Bridge, in the county palatine of Lancajter ; and from Bracken Bar Gate near Ajkrigg, in the county of York, through Sedberg, to Kirkby Kendal; and alio the road from the four lane ends in Marthumte, to the turnpike road on Grayrigg Hou/i, leading from Appleby, to Kirkby Kendal, in the faid county of Weftmorknd.

LXXXIV. An act for repairing and widening the road from Cojham, in the county of Southampton, to the city of Cbici  r.

L XV. An act to impower the cotnmiffioners and truftees named and appointed by, and in purfuance of an act of parliament, made in the tenth year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the Firft, for making more effectual an act made in the ninth year of his Majefty*s reign, intituled. An alt for completing the repairs of the harbour of Dover in the county of Kent, and for rejloring the harbour of Rye in the county of Suffer, to its ant tent goodnefs fo far as the Jame relates to the harbour of Rye, to let the fea and tides into a new cut or channel, made in purfuance of the faid act of the tenth year of his laid late Majefty’s reign, as far as a wall, called Winchelfea Wall.

LXXXVI. An act to enlarge the term and powers granted by an act palled in the eleventh year of the reign of his late Majefty, for continuing feveral acts relating to the harbour of Liverpool\ and for enlarging the faid harbour, by making an additional dock^ and building a pier in the open harbour there, and for enlightening the faid dock, and for making another dock with proper piers in the faid harbour, and for erecting lighthoufes, and other proper lights, in or near the port of Liverpool.

LXXXVII. An act for enlarging the term and powers of feveral acts of parliament, relating to the harbour of Whitehaven, in the county of Cumberland, and to ,the roads leaaing to the faid harbour and town of Whitehaven; and for further enlarging the faid harbour; and for lighting the faid town, and fupplying the fame with water; and for regulating the carmen there; and for repealing fo much of an act of the twenty third year of the reign or his late Majefty, as relates to the roaq

from Calder Bridge, to Egremont, and directing how the faid road (hall be repaired, and for repairing feveral other roads therein mentioned, in the faid county.

AN act for naturalising Anna Mqria Thornton, wife of Qftqvius Thorton, merchant,

P R I  V ATE ACTS.

A TABLE of Ac STATUTES:

*. An act for dividing and indoiing certain common fields, and meadows, in the parifh of Holy Cro/s, in Perjborey in the county of Worcefter.

3.  An act for* naturalizing Philip Jacob Krauter, and Jobrp Paris.

4.  An act for naturalizing John Berens.

5.  An act for eftablifhing and confirming certain articles of agreement for the dividing and inclofing feveral common fields, meadows, and paftures, in the townfhips of Ehqfton and Tbul-fort, in the county of Derby.

6.  An act for naturalizing Francis Rodolpb Fathy John Le Ci$y John Henry Cazenove, and Henry Peter Kuhff.

7.  An act for dividing and inclofing two pieces or parcels of open and uninclofed lands, called The Toum Hilly and The Burroughs, in the borough and manor of Swanfea, in the county c£ Glamorgan.

8.  An act for dividing and inclofing the common fields, meadows, paftures, and wafte grounds, in the townfhip of Jjhn upon Trent, in the county of Derby.

9.  An act for dividing and inclofing the common fields, common meadows, common grounds, and commonable places, in the parifh of Swanbumey in the county of Buds.

10.  An alt for dividing and inclofing feveral common fields, meadows, paftures, and wafte grounds, in the parilh of Bar-rowbjy in the county of Lincoln.

11.  An aft to enable the moft noble Francis duke of Bridge-neater to make a navigable cut or canal from Longford Bridge, in the townfhip of Stretford, in the county palatine of Lancajlery to the river Merjyy at a place called The Hemp StoneSy in the townfhip of Haltony in the county of Chefier.

ia. An aft for authorizing and enabling John Woods, William Woods, and John Challen, merchants, to ereft and build one or more tide mill or tide mills, for grinding corn and grain, upon a creek or channel, in the manor and parifh of Bijbopjlon, in the county of Suffix.

13.  An aft for fale of certain lands* tenements, and hereditaments, in the parifhes of IVttham Frary, Marjlon^ or Nunnyy in the county of Somerfety devifed and limited by the will of Sir IViUiam'lVyndham baronet, deceafed, and for laying out the money arifing by luch fale in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments to be fettled to the fame ufes, except as therein mentioned.

14.  An aft for confirming and eflablifhing a partition between Samuel Blunt, Henry Humpberyy James Clitherow, efauires, and others, of feveral eftates in the counties of Suffixy ourreyy and Kenty and for veiling and fettling the entire premiCes to the federal ufes therein mentioned.

15.  An act for incorporating the truftees, named in the fet-llement and will of Chrijlopher Tancredy efquire, deceafed, and to enable them to take the eftate late of the faid Chrijlopher Tan-creiy to them and their fuccpfibrs, in perpetuity, tor the charitable

oogle

A" TABLE of the STATUTES.

ritable ufes in fitch fettlement and will, and for the better management of the charity.

•16. An act for vetting a piece or pieces of ground, in Kenr fingtotiy in the county of Middlefex^ part of the fettled eftate of Robert Philimore gentleman, in truftees, to be fold, and for apr plying the money, arifing by fiich laic, in the purchase of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to be fettled and limited to the like ufes as the faid ground now ftaryls fettled,

17.' An act to enable the right honourable the lady Frances Hanbury Williams^ to take upon her, and ufe, the furname of Coningejby, purfuant to a prpyifo in a fettlement made by her father, Thomas earl Coningejby, deceafed,

'i8. An act to enable John Hqfe elquire, and his heirs male, to take and ufe the furname and arms of Lombe.

19.  An act for naturalizing Henrietta Frederique vifeountefs Stormont, wife of the right honourable David lord vifeount Stormont.

20.  An act for naturalizing Philip Sfhtfmacher and Nicholas Brandi.

21.  An act for naturalizing Jacob Wolffe cfqpire, commonly called baron Wolffe.

22.  An act for naturalizing Paul Metivier.

23.  An act for naturalizing James Repinder.

24.  An act for naturalizing Jean Chamaud.

25.  An act for dividing and tnejofing the open and common feld, copimon meadows, common pattures, common grounds, and commonable lands, within the hamlet and liberties of PrinceT thorpe, in the townlhip and parilh of Stretton upon Dunfmorc* in the county of Warwick.

26.  An act for dividing and inclosing a certain moor, or comr mon, called Middlewood Moor, or UJbaw Moor, within the manor of Lanchejier, in the county of Durhan\.

27.  An act for dividing and inclofing the whple year land$, and pafture grounds, common fiejds, half year inclofures, (hack meadows, and commons, in the parilh of Snettijhatn> in the county of Norfolk.

28.  An act for dividing and inclofing the open fields in thp parilh of Hungerton% in the county of Leicefter.

29.  An act for dividing and inclofing the open fields of Thurmaflon, in the parilh q? Belgrqye gnd Bariby, in the couqty of Leicefter.

30.  An act for dividing and inclofing the open and commop fields and common grounds in Wbijfondine, in the county of Rutland.

31.  An adt for vetting certain lands, tenements, and hereditaments, heretofore riven, in truft, for the benefit of the poor inhabitants of the parifti of Woburn, in the county of Bedford, in his grace John duke of Bedford, and his heirs, and for efta-blilhing a better fund in lieu thereof.

32.  An adt for difeharging the eftate of Frederick vifeoupt polinghrofyy in the county of Sttrrey} from the ufes apd limits^

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

tkms of a former fettlement, and for fettling lands and tieredi-* tamcnts in the county of Kent, in lieu thereof to the fame tiles.

33.  An ad to enable Patriei Blake efquire, a minor, to make a fettlement on Annabelta Bunbury fpinfter, and the iflue of iheir intended marriage; and for ether pufyofes therein mentioned.

34.  An alt for the fale of part of the eftates entailed by the will of Edward Metiijb? efquire, deceafed, and for laying'out the money ariling by fuch fale, in the purchafe of other eliates

' to be fettled to the like ufes.

35.  An alt for veiling a rent chaise in fee Ample, in trm-Itees, for the benefit of certain poor families deferibed in the will of John Styleman deceafed, in lieu of a moiety of certain lands and hereditaments* deviled by the fame will, for the benefit of the faid poor families, and for veiling the faid moiety in fee Ample in John Boyd, efquire, and his heirs.

36.  An all for felling part of the eftates of WUlam Mafoh, efquire, deviled to him by the will of William Mafon,, efquire, deceafed, and for laying out the money to arife thereby in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled, in lieu thereof, to the ufes limited by the faid will; and for exchanging other part of the faid eftates of the faid William Majfon, fo deviled, for other lands and tenements, to be fettled, in lieu thereof, to the ufes limited by the lame will.

37.  An alt for veiling all the real and perfoftal eftates, late of Ehzabetb Morgan widow, deceafed, in Elizabeth Mackenzie, wife of George Mackenzie, efquire, her neice, heir at law, and holy next of kin, difcharged from all right, claims* and in-tertft, of the mailer and fellows of Gonvile and Coins College * in the univeriity of Cambridge.

38.  An all for the fale of the eftate of Thomas Waite? an infant, for difcharging incumbrances affelling the fame, and for applying the furplus money ariling thereby for the benefit of the laid infant;

39.  An aH for naturalizing Diederiek Wtjfel Linden.

40.  Aft ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, in the manor of Shenky Brookend, in the parifh of Shenley, in the county of Bucks.

41.  An alt for dividing and inclofing the feveral open and common fields, meadows and comntons, within the lordlhip orliberty of £>vemdon, in the county of Leicejltr.

42.  An alt for dividing and inclofing feveral common fields, commons, common heaths, and wafte grounds, in the parifh of Portejham, in the county of Dorfet.

43.  An alt for dividing and inclofing a certain moor or common, within the manor of Evenwood and chapclry of Saint Helen's Auckland? and county of Durham.

44.  An ad for dividing, allotting* and inclofing, the open fields, paftures, and pieces or parcels of meadows and pafture ground, in the lordlhip of Sproatley, in Holdcrnefs, in the county of York.

• riWleM

oogle

A TABLE of tise STATUTES.

45.  An aft for confirming articles of agreement for inclofing common fields, commons, pafhices, and wafte grounds, in the townfhips or Hamlets of Dringhoe,  and  in  the

parilh  mSkipfea,  in Holdemefs, in die call riding of the county

of Tori.

- 46. -Anaftfor dividing and inclofing die open tod common fields, common paftures, common meadows, common grounds, and wafte grounds, of and in the manor, parilh, tod liberties aSSotaeefter, with the hamkts of Wood , and Caldtcote, in the county of Northampton.

47.  An aft for inclofing and dividing the common fields, moors, and common grounds, inthe townlhip of Rotherham, in the county di York.

48.  An act for inclofing and dividing feveral open fields, and commonable lands, within the manor tod parilh of

in the county of Lincoln.

49.  An act for repealing part, and explaining and amending

other parts, of an act made in the thirty fecond year of . the reign jof his late Majefty King George the Second, intituled. An a& for  vefting part  of the  eftates intailedby the of the  mofi noble

■Charles Noel, duke of fieaufort,  in  to be fold.,

■andfor  purchajmg other e/lates, Jo be fettled to the like  and for

empowering the guardian and truftees named in the  , to  make

Jsafes of the frid duke's eftates, in the tomtits of Glouccfter, Wilts, Hants, Devon, Dorfet, Glamorgan, and Brecon, during the minority of bis children.

50.  An act for confirming a partition of fo many of the eftates of Charles late duke of Smerfet, deceafed, as were by him fettled and devifed to the ufe of Frances late marchiooefs of ■Granby, and of Charlottecountefs of Aylesford, his two daughters, and their iflue, in ftrict fettlement, with feveral remainders over ; and for vefting and fettling the entire premises to the feveral ufes therein mentioned; and for the feveral other purposes therein mentioned'.

51.  An act for rectifying a miftake in the name of one of the truftees in the fettlement made upon the marriage of the right honourable ftflliam earl of Harrington, with the right honour-

. able Carolina countefc of Harrington his wife.

52.  An act for explaining and amending the marriage fettlement of Edward lord Wintertcn, in the kingdom of , by impowering him to fell part of the eftates in the counties of Sujfex, Surrey, and Norfolk, therein comprifed, and for lay-

. out the monies arifing by fuch fide, in the purchafe of other . eftates of equal or greater value, to be fetded to the ufes of the faid marriage fetdement, and for other purpafes therein mentioned.

53.  An act to enable Sir Nicholas Hacket Carew, baronet, to grant a leafe, or leafes, of part of his fettled eftate, for the improvement thereof, purfuant to a contract by him entered into for that purpofe

54.  An act for vefting.the capital mefluage, with the lands and hereditaments thereunto belonging, at Southgate, in the

^  

parilh

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

parilh of Edmonton, and at Frian Barnett, in the county of Middlefex, and at Eaft Barnett, in the county of Hertford, late part of the eftate of Jarpes CdUkroeke, efquire, deceafed, comprized in the marriage fettlement of Sir George Colebrooke, baronet, in him and his heirs, and for fettling other lands and hereditaments, in the counties of Surrey and Adidileftx, of equal value, to the feme ufes, in lieu thereof, and for other purposes in the faid act menrioneej.

$5. An act for difeharging certain leafehold houfes and tenements, comprized in the marriage fettlement of Humphreys Ram, efquire, from the mills of the fettlement, and for fettling freehold houfes of greater value in lieu thereof.

56.  An act for veiling a toft or feite of a -copyhold houfe, in Richmond, in the county of Surrey, lately pulled dpwn, in tru-ftecs, to be fold, leafed, or dtherwife ajfoofed of, for the benefit of the perfons claiming under the will of Matthias Perkins, gentleman, decealed ; and tor impowering John Perkins, his (bn, to make fuch Jeafcs of his eftate, at Richmond and Tuddington, as are therein mentioned.

57.  An adt for difeharging divers lands, eftates, and hereditaments, devifed by the will of Thomas Ruggles, efquire, de-ceafed, from the ules and trulls of the faid will; and for fettling other lands and tenements, of greater value, in lieu there- * of, to the like ufes.

58.  An aft for veiling the fettled eftate, late of Ralph Jenifon, efquire, deceafed, at Great Walworth, in the county of Durham, in truftees, in trull, to be conveyed to John Dixon, gentleman, and his heirs, purfuant to a decree, and fubfequent orders, of the court of chancery at Durham.

59.  An adt to enable. Jofeph Fell, efquire, to make a leafe of a farm and lands in Walthamjlowe, in the county of EJfex, for a term of ninety nine years.

60.  An act to enable John Holden, gentleman, and Thomas Holden, his fon, an infant, and their truftees, to raife the fum of one thouland pounds, upon certain eftates in Leicejler/hire and Warwickjbire, or on a fufficient part thereof, to be applied for the purpofes therein mentioned.

61.  An adt for veiling two acres of land in Walton upon Thames, in truftees, to be fold, and conveyed to the executors of Samuel Dicker, efquire, for the benefit of Mary Delver, an infant.

62.  An adt for veiling divers lands and hereditaments, in the parilh of Igborough, in the county of Norfolk, part of the fettled eftate late of Henry Ord, efquire, deceafed, in truftees to convey the fame to James Nelthorpe, efquire, and his heirs, and to lay out the money to be paid for the fame, in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled to the ufes therein mentioned.

63.  An adl for veiling certain eftates, in the parilh of Saint Botolpb Billingfgate, London, late the eftate of William Clapham, gentleman, in truftees, for the ufes and purpofes therein mentioned.

A TABLE of thfc STATUTES.

64.  An aft for fale of part of the fettled eftate of Thomas Coretdj of Crowcombe, in the county of Somerjet, efquire, and for fettling other lands and hereditaments, of greater value in lieu thereof, to the fame ufes.

65.  An aft for veiling the fettled eftate of John Wellery efquire, deceafed, lying in the counties of Kent and Chejler, in truftees, to be fold, to pay off incumbrances affefting the fame, and to lay out the fundus of the money ariling by luch fale (if any)

. in the purchafe ot other lands to be fettled to the ufes of the will of faid John Weller.

66.  An aft to enable William Richards and Edward Richards,

' infants, and their heirs, to take and ufe the fumame, and bear

the arms of Powelly purfuant to the will of Roger Powell, efquire, deceafed.

67.  An aft to enable Charles Smith, an infant, lately called Charles Loraine, and his heirs, to take, and ufe, the fumame of

. Smithy purfuant to the will of Richard Smithy efquire, deceafed.

68.  An aft for naturalizing Luke Wettjleiny Peter Texiety junior, and Daniel Goy.

69.  An aft for naturalizing JohnDoemer.

A

TABLE

Containing the Titles of all the

STATUTES

PUBLICS and PRIVATE,

Pafled Anno tertio

Georgii HI. .

Being the Second Seffion of the Twelfth Parliament of

Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS.

AN adt for continuing and granting to his Majeftv certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three,

II. An adt for granting an aid to his Majefly by a land tax td be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three.

III.  An adt for the regulation of his Majefty’s marine forces while on (hore.

IV.  An adt for rectifying miftakes in the names of leveral of the commifiioners appointed by an adt made in the laft fefiiori of parliament, to put in execution an adt made in the fame fef-fion, intituled. An aft for granting an aid to his Majejly by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ftxty-two\ and for appointing other commifiioners, together with thofe named in the firft-mention-cd adt, to put in execution an adt of this fefiion of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed irt Great Britain^ for the fervice of the year one thoufand (even hundred and fixty-three.

V.  An adt to indemnify fuch as have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments, and to indemnify juftices of the peace, deputy lieutenants, and officers of the Voi.XXV.  a  militia.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

militia, or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thofe purpofes; and for the making and filing of affidavits of articles of derkfhip.

VI.  An act for explaining and amending an adt made in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for tbidue making of breads and to regulate the price and ajflze thereof and to punijb perfons who Jhall adulterate mealy /Swr, or bread \ fo far as the lame relates to that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for rendering the faid adt more cfledtual in that part of the united kingdom.

VII.  An adt for puniftiing mutiny and defcrtion; and for the v better payment of the army and their quarters.

VIII.  An adt to enable fuch' officers, marines, and foldiers, as have been in the land or fea fervice, or in the marines, fince the twenty-fecond year of his late Majefty King George the Second, to exercife trades.

IX.  An adt for granting annuities to fatisfy certain navy, victualling, and tranfpoit bills, and ordnance debentures ; and for charging the payment of fudi annuities on the finking fund j and making good the fame to the faid fund, in manner therein mentioned.

X.  An adt for applying the money granted m this iefiion of parliament, for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia of that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of Marchy one thou-fand feven hundred and fixty-three, ana for appointing a time and place for exercifing the militia in the faid year.

XI.  An adt for explaining and amending an adt made in the thirty-firft year of die reign of his late Majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for the due making of broody and to regulate the price and ajflze thereof \ and to pumjb perfons who JbaU adulterate mealy floury or bread.

XII.  An adt for granting to his Majefty fcveral additional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom, and certain duties upon all cyder and perry; and for railing the fam of three millions five hundred thoufand pounds, by way of annuities and lotteries, to be charged on the faid duties.

XIII.  An adt for more effedtually fanning the payment of the duties upon malt, by preventing frauds in the obtaining of allowances, and the mixing of frelh com or grain with corn or grain making into malt.

XIV.  An act for the encouragement of John Harrfony to publifh and make known his invention of a machine or watch, lor the difeovery of the longitude at fca.

XV.  An adt to prevent occafionai fineemen from voting at eledtions of members to ferve in parliament for cities and boroughs.

XVI.  An adt to impower the commiflioners or governors of the royal hofpital for feamen at Greenwichy after defraying the neceffary expences thereof, to provide for fiich feamen worn oufc

and

LjOoq Le

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

md baome decrepit in the ferries of their country, who (hall iot be provided for within the faid hofpltal; and to enable them to itecwve fbch peafloM as (hall be granted them by the (aid 11 mimi liffirtnoTi cue governors, in the moft easy and convenient manner ; and for preventing frauds and abufes attending the

XV7I. An aft for railing a certain fum of money by loans or acheqoer bills for the fervice of the year one theudtnd feven hundred and (irty-thtoe; and for further appropriating the fop-plies granted in this ft (lion of parliament 5 and for allowing hid Majesty's fobjefts to importtheirgoods and effects, being the produce of certain places ceded to France and Spain by the late treaty of peace, upon payment of the fame duties as they Would have been liable to, if fueh placed had remained ih his Maje-fty*s poffeflBon.

XVIII.  An aft for granting to Ms Majefty a certain fom of money oat of the finklhg fund $ add for applying certain monies remaining in the exchequer for the fervice of the year one tbooftnd feven hundred*and fixty-three.

XIX.  An aft for the1 more easy and foeedy recovery of fitiall debts within the huhdred* of Bradford, Melkjbam, and fVbarlf-dwi, in the county of Wilts.

XX.  An aft for permitting the importation, from ,of ftal# and dirty butter, not fit for eating, commonly called barter.

XXI.  An aft for explaining, amending, and rendering more SSbftUa), at? aft rfiade ih the nineteenth year of the reign of Bjwh&wy the Seventh, intituled1, “ Silt works.”

11X11. Aft aft for the further improvement of his Mijetty*i fSNMUe *f cuftoms; and for the encouragement of officers mdaiHa Mrom ; and for the prevention of the clan define rnn-ning of goods into arty part or hfe Majffty’s dominions,

KUIk- AtVaft/fb explain i amefkf, and tender rhore enef&al, aft nSt rtifedo i* the htft feffion of paHiament, intituled. An a Si jfrpttsdtgieU&tptgy dPePHghting, wt  , freefsy  and ,

unibin the city and liberty of Weltinmfter, the parifins of Sint Gifts' tft tlft*Ffclflfei Skfrtt George the1 Martyr, Saint George O&MUfltoty, AsMpabf of the petrifls Saint Andrew's Holbqum which lies, in the county of Middftftx, the federal liberties of the RbllS (tied SfcVOy, and fb'rHpirt ■ of the dkichy of Lancafter which Set inthecomtijt of Middleftx,  and

in; atfdfor otherpurpofes thereii^rkenHoned.

XXIV.  An1 aft'tO1 prevent ffaudWint and occafional votes in the eiefKons of fcWighti of the fTiire, and of members for cities and rnwns whifch are'cOtmiiOs of therftfelves, fo far as relates to ffir right of voting! by virtue of art arthiiity or rent charge.

XXV.  An aft to coririnoe and amend two afts made in the rwenty-firft and twenty eighth years of his lie Ma jetty's reign, fer encouraging the makitig of iridtedih the Britiflj plantations » America; and for extending the prbvittons of an aft of the thirtieth year of his-late Majetty’s reign, with refpeft to bring-

* *

oogle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ing prize goods into this kingdom, to Spahijb prize goods take fiflce the late declaration of war with Spain.

XXVI.  An aft to continue and render more effectual tw afts of parliament for repairing the roads from Lemsford Mil through Welwyn and Stevenage, and by Cory's Mill, to Hiichir* and from Welwyn, through Codicot, to Hitchin, in the county c Hertford.

XaVIIP An aft to continue and render more effeftual tw afts of parliament for repairing and widening the road leadin, from the Black Bull Inn in Dunjlable, in the county of Bedford to the way turning out of the laid road up to Shafford Houfe, ii the county of Hertfordr

XXVIII.  An aft for continuing an aft paffed in the eleven tl year of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, sft aft for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixth part of i penny ferling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer which Jhall bi brewed for fale, brought into, vended, tapped, or fold, within tbi town of Aberbrothock, and liberties thereof .

XaIX. An aft for enlarging the term and powers granted by two afts of parliament of the fixth and twelfth years of his Jate Majefty’s reign, for repairing the road from Fyfield in the county of Berks, to Saint John's fridge in the county of Glou~ tefter, and from an inn called the Hints Head, in the parifti of Kingflon Bagpuze in the faid county of Berks, to that part of Newbridge which ftands in the faid county of Berks; and for rendering the faid afts more efteftugl.

XXX.  An aft to enlarge the term and powers granted by an aft made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majefty JCing George the Second, intituled. An aft to repair and widen the road leading from Godmanchefter in the county of Huntingdon, through Fen Stanton and Cambridge, to the firjl nibbing houfe on Newmarket Heath, in the county of Cambridge.

XXXI.  An aft for repairing and widening the road from a place called Nightingales, in the townfhip of Heath Charnock, to the bridge at the weft end of the town of Bolton in the Moors, in the county palatine of Lancajler.

XXXII.  An aft for repairing the road from Newmarket, over Newmarket Heath, to the tyrnpike road leading to Stump Crofs, in the counties of Cambridge and Suffolk.

XXXIII.  An aft for repairing, widening, and Keeping in repair, the road from Kirkby Kendall, in the county of Wejlmore-land, to Kirkby Ireleth, in the county of Lancajler.

XXXIV.  An aft for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the high road leading from the fourteen mile ftone, in the parifh of Mothvey, in the county of Carmarthen, through Llandovery, to Llydiad y Gwyn, in the parifti of fjandih vawr; ?nd from thence by Cledfulcb, and over Dulefs Bridge, to the town of Landilo vawr; and from the faid town along the poll road, by Rhwyradar, through the county borough of Carmarthen, and village of Saint Clears, to Tavern Spite, in the parilh of Kiffig, at the borders of the county of Pembroke.

XXXV.  An

A TABLE of (tit STATUTES,

XXXV* An ad for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, fevcral roads leading from the town of Bamfiaple* in the coun of Devon.

XXX . An ad for repairing, widening, turning, and keeping in repair, the road from the town of Cambridge to Ely* and from thence to Sobam; and for building a bridge crofs the rinr Chau* at or near a place called Stretbam Ferry* in the county of Cambridge.

XXXVII.  An ad to continue and render more effedual federal ads of parliament Ipr repairing the road from Highgate GeU-hwfe, in the county of Middlefex* to Barnet Block-boufe* in the county of Hertford % and the road from the Bear Inn in Hadley* to the Angel m Enfield Chace \ and alfo Canemod Lane> leading from Higbgate to Hamjfilead, in the faid county of Middle* fix; and for repairing and widening the road, being part of the great North Road from London, beginning at Barnet Blockhoufe* and ending at the Bear Inn in Hadley aforefaid.

XXXVIII.  An ad for amending and widening feveral roads leading from or near the north end of the town and borough of Totnes, in the county of Devon.

XXXIX. An ad for making a navigation from the river Humber* by a canal or cut, at or near Tetney Haven, to the river Ludd* in the parifti of Alvingbam* in the county of Lincoln i and for continuing the faid navigation in or near the faid. river, from thence, to or near the town of Louth* in the faid county.

XL. An ad for maintaining, regulating, and employing the poor within the parifh of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, in the county of Middle [ex.

XLI. An ad for paving, lighting, and cleanfing the city of Ceyentry* and its fuburbs ; for preventing annoyances therein ; and for better ordering the publick wells and pumps there.

XLII. An a<5t for continuing the duties, and enlarging the powers, granted by two ads made in the fifth and twenty-fifth years of his l?te ftTajefty’s reign, for enlarging the pier ana harbour of Scarborough in tne county of York.

XLIII. An ad for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the turnpike road, between Ofwejl-nr and Wrexham* at or near WkithurfTs Houfe* through Llangollen* to tjie moft proper and commodious joining of the turnpike road leading from Wrexham to Ruthin, at or near Tavarn Dwyrarcb $ and from Llangollen aforefaid, through Acre Fair Colliery* to the Finger Poft* at the joining of the road leading from Ofwefiry to Wrexham in the county of Denbigh.

XLIV. Anadfor repairing and widening the road, and opening a communication, from the houfe of Thomas Hughes efquire, adjoining to Halkin Mountain, to Farm; and acrofs the old poft road in Counfillt-fcchan* to a houfe at Nant y Moch* in Bagillt* in the occupation of Thomas Gill, in the county of Flint.

JfLV. An ad for repairing and widening the road from Law-ff*. in the county of Cheftcr* to Burficm and Newcafile under Lyne* in the county of Stafford* and other roads therein mentioned,

XLVI. An

. 

A TABLE of die STATUTES.

XLVI. An aft to continue the term, and enlarge the power* •f feverat aft* of parliament for repairing the road* from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading; and from the find bridge to Henley

Bridge, iff She county of Berks.

XLVIf. An aft to enlarge the term and powers of two aft* faded in the ftrft and twelfth years of the reign of his late ma* jefty King George the Second, for repairing the road from the powder mills on Haunfbw Heath, in the county of Middlefeg, to a place called Bafingfione, near the town of Bagjbot, in tne parish of  Winili/bam, in- the county of Surrey.

XL VIII. An aft for the better cleanfing and enlightening the ftreets, lanes, and pubHck trays, of the city of and the foborbs thereof, and of the liberty of Saha Peter within the laid city; and for keeping the fame in repair and free from annoyance i and for regulating the hackney oeafttaen and chairmen, carmen- and draymen, within the feme.

XLIX. An aft for tilShg down the pariflf church of Saint Andrew, iiv the city of Gastferbitry; and for building a new churehma more convenient place.

L. An aft for vefling certain- parcels of land in in the-county of Aiidauftk, irt- tfce reftoTaridchurchwanlensof Che* pOriffr- of* Saha George' Nhnover Sfuare, m the faid county ; and appropriating the feme for a burial ground for the faid parifti#

Lli An aft to amend and render more efibftUal <b much of an aft pafRd in the laft feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft dor amending emdwtdening-the road from the marker houf in Stour-oridge, to Colley Gate, in Cradley, and from Pedmore toHoWy Rail, arid Colley Gate to Halefowen, arid from the turnpike road oh Dudley Wood' to Rednall Green, in tkepartflrof King’s Nortofijr and*from Carter’s Lane to the Ball1 Inn at Northfield, he the comities ofWofedller, Stafford, awrf Salop, as relates to the road fodm the turnpike road' on Dudley IVood to Rednai Green, aid from Carter's Lam to thtf Bell Inn at- Northfield.

LII. An aft for amending and widening the roads leading" from New Street and Pig Street, in Penryn, in- the county of Cornwallj Xti'Redruth, in the fame county.

LIIL An-aft for maintaining, regulating, aud'employing thu poor within the parifh of Saint Mary Whitechapel, in the county-of Middltfex j for cleanfing; and lighting the fquares, ftfeetsr hries, alleys, courts,- yards, aid other open paflages aid places,-and -regulating and keeping a-nightly watfch, within fuch parts' of the faid parifh as are'not within the liberties of the tower" of London, or city of London; and to enable the parifhioners to raife money to-defray the e*penee* of repairing the faid parifh church.

LIV. An aft for the better and more easy rebuilding of the town of Wartham in the county of Dorfet; and for determining differences touching houfes and buildings burnt down- or de-molifhed by reafon of the late dreadful fire there, and for preventing future danger by fire.

*  *  TV  An

^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

LV, An a A for lighting theftrects and other places, and maintaining a regular and nightly watch, within the town and county of die town of Newcaftle upon Tyne; and for regulating the hackney coachmen and chairmen,, cartmen, porters, and watermen within the fame.

LVI. An a A for the better paving of the ftreets, and for preventing nuiances and other annoyances in the town of Gof-forty in the county of Southampton.

LVII. An alt for continuing and enlarging the term and powers of an alt made in thirty-fecond year of the reign of his late majefty King GW#/the Second, for repairiagand widening the road from the town of Derby, to the town of Newcaftlt under Ljnty in the county of Stafford; and for repairing and widening the road from Cliffebank to Snape Marfb, in the village of Shelton, in the county of Stafford.

LVlil. An alt to continue the term and enlarge the powers of two ads of parliament, for repairing the highways from Whitechapel church, in the county of Middlefex y to Woodfordy in the county of Effex \ and for enlightening and watching part of the Aid highway from Whitcbapel church to Stratford ; and for repairing the road through the parifhes of Chigwell and Lam-bounty in the county of Effex.

LIX. An alt for repairing and widening the road leading from the town of Stafford to Sandony in the county of Staff-ford\ and fcveral other roads in the counties of Salop and Stafford.

PRIVATE ACTS.

AN alt to enable the right honourable Henry Foxy to take, in Great Britain the oaths of office, as writer of the tallies and counter tallies, and clerk of the pells, in the receipt of the exchequer, in the kingdom of Ireland; and to qualify himflf for the enjoyment of the faid offices.

2.  An alt for naturalizing Jeremiah Meyer.

3.  An alt for naturalizing John Vander Meulen.

4.  An alt for naturalizing Adolph Boon, James Des Cotesf Anthony Fronds Haldimandy Samuel Bouefsy and John Werner Faefib.

k. An alt for naturalizing David Wolpmany John S/W, Francis PbtBp Fatky David Plantiery William Staffordy and Francis Deha.

6.  An alt to enable John earl of Sandwichy Robert Nugent etquire, and Richard Rigby efquire, to take in Great Britain, the oath of office, as vice treafurer, and receiver-general, and pay-mafter-general of all his Majefty’s revenues in the kingdom of Irekndy and to qualify themfelves for the enjoyment of the faid offices.

7. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

7.  An aft for extinguilhing the right of average in and up6n all the ancient inclolures, in the townfhip of Clifton, in the county of York, and in Bootham in the fuburbs ot the city of' York; and for dividing and incloling the common and moor of Clifton aforefaid.

8.  An aft for dividing and incloling the open and common fields, common meadows, common pafhires, common grounds, and wade grounds, in the manor and parilh of Woodford, in the county of Northamptonk

0. An aft for dividing and indofing the open and common fields, heath and wafte grounds, within the manor and parilh of Gnetbam, in the county of Rutland.

10.  An aft for enlarging the times appointed by an aft palled in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for dividing and incloling a certain moor or common, within the manor of Evenwood, and chapelry of Saint Helen's Auckland, and county of Durham, for certain arbitrators therein named to make their awards; and for certain commifiioners therein mentioned, to fet out, divide, and allot, the laid moor or common.

11.  An aft for dividing and incloling the common fields, common meadows, common paftures, common grounds, and commonable lands, in the manor of Draycott, in the parilh of Wilne, in the county of Derby.

12.  An aft for dividing and incloling the feveral open and common fields, common meadows, commons, and wafte grounds, within the manor and parilh of Scropton, in the coun-ty of Derby.

13.  An aft for dividing and incloling feveral commons and wafte grounds, within the manor and townlhip of Lawton, in the county of Lancafter.

14.  An aft for dividing, incloling, and allotting, the commons and wafte grounds, mofs rooms, and parcels of mofs grounds, within the manor and townlhip of AJlley, in the county palatine of Lancafter.

15.  An aft for incloling and dividing feveral lands and grounds in the parilh of Sutton, in Holdernefs, in the county of York.

16.  An aft for incloling and dividing the common fields and pafturage ground, in the manor and parilh of Wellingore, in the county of Lincoln.

17.  An aft for explaining and amending a power given by the marriage fettlement of Nathanael Neal gentleman, and Elizabeth his wife; and for making the fame more effectual, for the benefit of the children of that marriage.

18.  An aft for veiling part of the fettled ellate of John Lada the younger, and Hejler his wife, fituate at Barham, in the county of Kent, in truftees, to be fold j and for laying out the money, to arife by fuch fale, in the purchafe of other lands> to be fettled to the fame ufes.

19.  An aft to dilTolve the marriage of William Hazelatrd

cleric*

6

A t AfiLE of the STATUTES.

fclerk, With Mary Walley his now wife, and to enable him 16 marry again; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

20.  An ad for enabling Anne Barbara Hill Medlycott, to take and ufe the furname and arms of Medlycott, purlbant to the will of Thomas Medlycott efquire, deceafed.

21.  An ad for naturalizing Jacob Reejfen.

22.  An ad for naturalizing Jofiab Child, an infant, of the age of nine years*

22. An ad for naturalizing Samuel ChoUet, John Francis Gabriel Btzey and Samuel Grelief.

24.  An ad for naturalizing Abraham Huber.

25.  An ad for naturalizing Rodoljf Nicholas Chaillet, and Abraham Du Bois.

26.  An ad for naturalizing John D* Orville, Michael Wiegand, John Vollrabt Kettler, Cornelius Gerhard Keitler, and James ohedel.

27.  An ad for veiling certain lands, tenements, rents, and hereditaments, in the parifh of Taviftock, in the county of Devon, and elfewhere, in his grace John duke of Bedford; and for fettling and alluring, in lieu thereof, a rent charge of greater value* to be iffuing out of lands and tenements belonging to the faid duke, for the purpofes in the bill mentioned.

28.  An ad for dividing and incloling feveral open and com- . mon fields, lands, and wafte grounds, within the manor and parifh of Pirton, in the county of Worcejler. ^

2o. An ad for dividing and inclofing the odHkand common fields, common meadows, and commonable l^nds, within tht parifh of Cbildfiyickam, in the county of Gloucejier;

to. An ad for dividing and inclofing the common fields, paftures, and common grounds, in the chapelry and lordfhip of Mar feet, in Holdernejs, in the county of Tori.

31.  An ad for dividing and inclofing the commons, common paftures, and common fields, in the manor of Litton, in the parifh of Tidefwtll, in the county of Derby.

32.  An ad for dividing and allotting certain open fields, meadows, and Hinted paftures, in the townfhip and parifh of PU-ham, in the county of Lincoln.

33.  An ad for dividing and inclofing Stone Common,, within the manor and parifh of Stone, in the county of IVorcefter.

34.  An ad for dividing and inclofing the Open and common fields in the townfhip of Merton, in the county of Oxford; and for making a compenfation for common of pafture, and tithes arifing therein.

35.  An ad to enable the mafter, fellows, and fcholars, of the college of Clarehall, in the univerfity of Cambridge, to alter and vary the benefadions of dodor Blyth \ and to appropriate the lame for the benefit pf the faid college, in the augmentation of the vicarages of Everton, with Tetworth and Great Granfdtn, in the counties of Bedford and Huntingdon.

36.  An ad to enable the mafter, fellows, and fcholars, of Jews’ College, in the univerfity of Cambridge, to alter and vary

Vol. XXV.  b  the

A T ABLE of the STATUTES.

the benefidtion of doCtor Edmund Proby, and Sir Thomas Proby ; and to appropriate the fame for the benefit of the faid college* in the augmentation of feveral fmall redories and vicarages.

37.  An ad for veiling certain lands in the counties of EJfex ana Cambridge, belonging to the mailer, fellows, and fcholars, of the college called Jyus* College, in the univerfity of Cam* fridge, in Sir William Maynard baronet, and his heirs.

38.  An ad for veiling part of the fettled eiiatcs of Samsiel Dajhyjood efquire, in truftees, for railing money to pay debts and incumbrances; and for providing an equivalent or com-penfation for the fame, to the iffue inheritable under his mar* riage fettlement.

39.  An ad for veiling feveral mefluages, lands, and tenements, late the eilate of James Joye efquire, deceafed, fituate in the parifh of Saint Mary le Strand, in the county of Middle-fex, in new truftees $ and to enable them to make Duilding lea-fes thereof.

40.  An ad for fale of certain mefluages, lands, and tenements, in North Cemey, in the county of Gloucejier, late the eilate of Edward Pickering Rich, purfuant to an agreement 5 and for applying the purchafe-money in difcharging incumbrances affeding the fame ; and for the benefit of Thomas Rich, his fon and heir, an infant.

41.  An ad for dividing and inclofing the common moor or wafte ground, juthin the hamlet of Winjler, in the parifti of Toulgreave, in®fe county of Derby.

12.  An ad for dividing and inclofing feveral common fields grounds,' within the pariih of Glentham, in the county of Lincoln.

43. An ad for carrying into execution, an agreement entered into between the governor and company of undertakers for raifirig the Thames Water, in Tort Buildings, the truftees for annuities oti lives, William Lock efquire, his grace Edward duke of Norfolk% and partners. Sir Andrew Chadwick knight, and the reverend Samuel Grove clerk, all real creditors of the faid governor and company; and for authorizing and direding the court of feflion in Scotland, to proceed to a fale of fuch parts Of the eftates of Marifchal, Panmure, Southejk, and others, purfuant to the faid agreement, as were leafed to Sir Archibaii Grant baronet, and Alexander Garden efquire.

44. An ad to difcharge Certain manors and lands, in the county of Bedford, the eftates of the moil noble George duke of Marlborough, from certain trufts and agreements created and entered int6 by the faid duke, whereby the laid eftates were to be fettled on lord Charles Spencer, brother to the faid duke, and his iflue, in ftrid fettlement $ and for fettling other lands and hereditaments, in the county of Oxford, in lieu thereof; and likewife for varying, and carrying into execution certain other trufts and agreements of the faid duke, for the making a fettlement 01 certain manors and lands, in the county of Lincoln, upon lord Robert Spencer, now an infant, another brother

of

^ 

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

of the laid duke, and his ifiiie, in like ftrift fettlement j and lor other purpofes.

4<. An ad to enable his Majefly to grant certain eftates, dc-tifcd by the will of Henry late lord Colerane, in the kingdom, of Ireland, deceafed* to truftees, in truft for Henrietta Rofa Peregrma Hare, and her heirs, fubjed to the ufes, limitations, ad provifions, mentioned in the faia will; and to two annuities payable to Rofe DvpUJfis: and alfo to certain fums payable to hhrt Knight, and to Henry Knight, and Anne the wife of WiU ha Bajfet; and for other purpofes in the faid ad mentioned.

46. An ad for authorizing the executors of John Hope to affign to truftees, twenty thoufand pounds of the flock or capital therein mentioned, part of the marriage portion of Jtmerbc wife of John Paterfon efquire, to be employed in manner and for the purpofes therein exprefled.

L^ooQie

T* H E

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno fecundo G E O R G 11 III.

At the Parliament begun and holden zxWeJlmin-the nineteenth day of May, Anno Dom. 1761, in the firft year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland\

King, Defender of the Faith, Gfc.

And from thence continued by feveral prorogations tb the third day of November following•, being the firft feffion of the twelfth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An all for enabling bis Majefty to make provifton for flipper ting the royal dignity of the Queeny in cafe Jke fhalL Survive bis Majefty.

Moft Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS yourMajefty’s moft faithful commons refledl Preamble j with the greateft pleafure on the joyful and aufpicious event of your Majefty’s royal nuptials with a princefs, defeended from an illuftrious proteftant line, diftinguifhed by the moft eminent graces and endowments, and worthy tp be the royal partner of your throne* by poflefling every virtue that can adorn it, and have a juft fenfe of that affe<ftionate regard which your Majefty has (hewn for your people, by confulting on this moft important and interefting occafion, as on every other, their happinefs and that of their pofterity, and are truly fenfible how acceptable it will be to your Majefty, that a good, certain, and competent revenue be fettled for fupporting the honour and dignity of her Majefty, your royal confort, in cafe (he fhould furtive your Majefty fwnofe lives God long preferve). And whereas by an adt made in the firft year of the reign of her late t Ann*; Majefty Queen Anney for preferring the inheritance of feveral revenues of the crown, intituled, An aft for the better fupport of hr Majefiy s houjholdy and of the honour and dignity of the crozun9 ail grants thereof (other than fuch as are therein exprefled) are declared to be void j and by another a61 made in the ninth 9 Anna?* rear of her faid late Majefty’s reign, intituled. An all for efta-iiljbing a general pofi office for all her Majefiys dominions, and for fating a weekly Jum out of the revenues thereof for the fervice of the wory and other her Majefty*s occafionSy it was cnadted, That fjjch part of the duties and revenues arifing in or by the general Vot.XXV.  B  Diletter

tGco.j.

Anno fccundo GtoKGll III.  [1761,

letter office or pod office, which was thereby veiled in her laid late Majefty, her heirs, and fucceflors, and therein mentioned to be undeterminable, (hould not be alienable, chargeable, or grantable for any eftate, term, or time whatfoever, to endure longer than the life of the King or Queen that (hould make fuch alienation, charge, or grant refpe&ively* and that all gifts, grants, alienations, and aflurances whatfoever, to be had or made of, and charged upon, the fame duties or revenues, or any part thereof, contrary to the provifionof that ad, (hould be null and void: and whereas by an ad made in the lad feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for the fupport of his Majejly's houjboldy and of tbt honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain, the duties and revenues commonly called The hereditary revenues, together with feveral temporary duties and revenues thereby continued, and all other branches and revenues which, on the twenty-fourth day of Oftobor, one thoufand feven hundred and iixty, flood fettled or appointed to be towards the fupport of the houfhold of his late Majefty King George the Second of blefled memory, and the honour and dignity of the crown, were (except as is therein excepted) direded to oe, during your Majefty’s life, carried to, and made part of, the general or aggregate fund eftablifhed by an ad made in the firft year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the Firtt* and for the fupport of your Majefty’s houfhold, and of the honour and dignity of your crown, a certain yearly rent or rents, or fum or fums of money, was or were by the faid ad granted out of the faid fund: now we do mojl numbly, cheerfully, and unanimoufly befeech your Majefty that it men be enafted, and be it enaded by the King’s molt excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the hn ereef authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to and by tetters pa- ^or the'King's moft excellent Majefty, by any letters patent, or tent under the indenture, or by feveral letters patent or indentures, under the great feal, to great feal of Great Britain, hereafter to be made, to give and grant unto the to hcr faK) Majefty the Queen, or to fuch other perfon or nStyof11 ** Pcrf°ns as his Majefty mall think fit, to be named in fuch let-*00,000.1. ters patent, indenture or indentures, and his or their heirs, to the ufe of, or in truft for her Majefty, one annuity or yearly rent or fum of one hundred thoufand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain; which annuity or yearly fum of one hundred thoufand pounds, and every part thereof, (hall commence and take effedi immediately from and after the deceafe of his Ma-Majcfty, and jefty» an<l continue from thenceforth for and during the natural continue dur- life of her Majefty; and (hall be paid and payable at the four moft ufual days of payment in the year; that is to fay, the fifth day of January, the hfth day of April\ the fifth day ot July% and the fame to be the tenth day of Oftober, by even and equal portions j the firft aid quarter- payment thereof to be made at fuch of the (aid days as (hall firft and next happen after the deceafe of his Majefty, in cafe her Majefty the Queen (hall furvive him, as aforefaid * and that the faid annuity or yearly fum of-pne hundred thoufand

gitizedt a  pounds>

Hit Majefty

to take place

from the deceafe of his

"fi

ranife;

S

1761.3  Anno  fecundo  Georgii til.  3

pounds, (hall or may, by fuch letters patent, indenture or uv dentures, be dirtied to be iffiiing and payable out of, or charged out of the he~ and chargeable upon all or any part of fuch of the £ud duties, mlitary and revenues, and brandies, which by the faid a<£t made in the laft othcr rcv?-fcfffcm of parliament, intituled. An afl for the fupport of his Ma~ ^th^rgre-jeftys houfboldy and of tbebonour and dignity of the crown of Great gate fund, by Britain, were carried to, and made part ot, the faid general or an aft of aggregate fund, as (hall be fubfifting after the deceafe of his pre± 1 fcnt Majefty; and in cafe the duties, revenues* and branches, and any occa-out of which the faid annuity or yearly fum of one hundred fional deficit thoufand pounds, (hall be iffuing or payable, ot charged or encYto chargeable upon, (hall, at any time or times be deficient to ^touh^du-make good the fame, or any part thereof, fuch deficiency and ties compofing deficiencies, fhall or may, by the faid letters patent, indenture the laid fund, or indentures, be directed to be from time to time, as often as fuch deficiency or deficiencies fhall fo happen, fupplied, iffuing* and payable out of, or charged and chargeable upon, all and every die duties and revenues which compofe the faid fund, commonly called The general or aggregate fundy and every or any \n preference of them (after paying or referving fufficient to pay, all fuch fum to all other * and fums of money, as hath or have been dire&ed by any P^ijents former a6t or a<fts of parliament to be paid out of the fame) hereafter be but with preference to all other payments which fhall or may charged hereafter be charged upon, and payable out of, the faid fund, thereupon.

IL And it is hereby further enadted, That the faid annuity or The faid an-yearly fum of one hundred thoufand pounds, fhall be paid and nuity to be payable at the receipt of his MajeftyY exchequer, or by and paid at the from the immediate hands of all and every the comtniflioners* J^cae,e^y^ farmers, treafurers, or receivers for the time being of the faid chequer,8 *** duties, revenues, and branches refpedHvely, upon which the faid annuity or yearly fum of one hundred thoufand pounds, or any part or parts thereof, fhall be charged, without any fees or free of all charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any taxes and part thereof; and the acquittance and acquittances of her Ma- chaises j jefty, or her truftees, or of her Majefty’s treafurer or receiver ™d ac- . general for the time being, fhall be a good and fufficient dif-charge for the payment thereof, without any further or other ^her truftees, warrant to be filed' for, had, or obtained in that behalf * and to be a fuffi-that the faid annuity or yearly fum of one hundred thoufand cient dif-poands, and every part thereof, fhall be free and clear from all charSc-taxes, impofitions, and other public charges whatfoever $ and that if the officers of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, or officers refuf-thefaid commiffioners, farmers, treafurers* of receivers for the ingorneglcdU tone being, of all or any of the laid duties, revenues, or branch- jpgt0 Pe.r" es, upon which the faid annuity of yearly fum of one hundred Jj®1™  ^

thoufand pounds, or any part or parts thereof, fhall be charged, fU€ w asaforefaid, (hall refuie or neglcft to pay the faid annuity of ycaily fum, or any part thereof, to her Majefty, her treafurer, receiver-general, or truftees, or to do any a£t neceffary to enable her Majefty, or her truftees, or her treafurer, or receiver-general to receive the fame, then her Majefty, or fuch her

B 2  truftees,

x    lA-

4  Axi&o  fecundo  GeqrjCIX  UL  1*7$*

tniftees, as aforcra‘rd, may, fromrimeto rime, foe, profeewto or implead fuch officers, eomraiflioner*, farmers, treriuntrfc, or receivers, or any of them, or altar arty of the^fecuntidh heirs, executors, and adminiftittora, by bill, plaint, oradHo* of debt, and (hall and may recover judgments, and: file out exr-• •  cutions  thereupon  againft  fuch officers, coinmiitioners, farmers,

treafurers, or receivers refpe&ively, and their refpe&ve fecuri-ties, heirs, executors, and adtmniftrators, for fitch fumandfap» of money then due and owing upon the faid annuity of one hundred thoufand pounds, or any part thereof, as (hall be in the hands of fuch officer or officers, oomnrriflioners, farmers, treafurers, or receivers refpe&ively, at the time or times wfcen demand (hall be made of the payment of the faid yearly film, or any part thereof, as aforefaid, or for the refiifal or neglect to do any a& needfery to be done by fuch officer or officers, to enable her Majefty, or her truftees,treafurer, or receiver-general to receive the feme.

His Majefty Ifl. And, for the better accommodation of her Majefty, in cafe impowered (he (hall happen to furvive his Majefty, be k further ena&ed by grant ^b^et-  aut^or*ty ^forefeid. That it (hall and may be lawfud to and

ters patent  f°r his Majefty, notwithftanding any reftri<5rion contained in the

under the  feid a<ft made in the firft year of the reign of her feid late Ma-

gfeatfeal, 'jefty Queen Atme, by any letters patent, indenture or inden~ SomerfetCe °* tures> unc*er t^e great fcal of Great Britain, to give, grant, fct^ Houfein the ^e> or  all  that  his  MajeflVs palace or capital roeffuage

Strand, with called by the name of Denmark-Hauft, alias StmerJet^Hottft, alias its rights and Strond-Houfe, fituate in or near the Strand, and in dr near the appurte- parifh of Saint Mary at Strand, in the county of AfiddJefex, eoith *ances* its rights, members, and appurtenances whaifoever, and all and Angular houfes, outhoufes, ftables, coach-houfes, edifices, bttUd-ings, courts, yards, gardens, and appurtenances whatfoevery to the feid palace or capital mefluage belonging, and otber the premifles, of any of them, belonging or appertaining, or Accepted, reputed, taken, ufed, of enjoyed, as part, parcel,' or and alfo the member thereof, or any part thereof; and alfo to give, grant. Lodge in fettle, or afiitre, all that his Majefty’s houfe, now or* heretofore KichmondOld ufually called the Ledge, and formerly in the tenure of yakn J>arjc» an? tbc Latton efquire, fituate and being withiri the park called or known ^ffes^hcre-6* ^he name of Richmond Otd Park, in the county of Surrey, and unto belong- all and Angular the clofes, wood grounds, lands, tenements, And ing,  hereditaments  thereunto  belonging, or held or enjoyed there-

with bv his Majefty upon hi9 fccceffion to the imperial crawi* of thele realms, all which premifles a*e pared, or reputed parcel, of the manor of Richmond, ahas Wifi Sheen, in the laid county of Surrey; and alfo all thofe mdftiageS and clofes of with Keefe’s land, commonly called KcetSs FaHn,* hr the parifh of Mortlake, Far^n the in the faid county of Surrey, purchfcfed by of in *truft for- her MonlsOte  Majefty;  and  aWo all fuch other clofes, wood grounds,

* walks, eafements, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, pur-chafed by or in truft for her feid late Majefty, or hil faid late ^Majefty, or either of them, and added to, or ufed with, the

faid

i j61.]  ’ Anna fecundo Geo^gii If L  £

fiud park, or any part thereof, or as an eafement or convenience and aH other

thereto, and held and enjoyed therewith, by his Majefty upon cL°[Cj ?cc’

his acceflionjro the imperial crown of thefe realms, m as full, ufed with the

large, ample, and beneficial manner and form, as his Majefty faid park, and

might have given, granted, fettled, or allured the lame, or any enjoyed there-

part thereof, if the faid aCt of the firft year of her faid late Ma-

jefty’s reign, or any the reftridtions, claufes, matters, or things cetoonto thi

therein contained, had never been had or made; fo as by fuen crown*

gifts, grants, fettlcments, or affurances, orfome of them, a

good and fure eftate and intereft of and in the faid palaee, or

capital mefiiiage and appurtenances, and the faid houfe or lodge,

lands* tenements, hereditaments, and all other thepremifies

afbrdaid, and every of them, be limited, appointed, fettled, or

allured, to or for the ufe of, or in truft for her Majefty, in fuch.

manner that flie may have and enjoy the foie benefit thereof

immediately from and after the deceale of his Majefty, during .

the term of her natural life; and fo as an eftate or intereft b6

thereby alfo limited, appointed, fettled, or allured, to or for the

ufe of, or in truft for, the executors, adminiftrators, and alliens

of her Majefty, to take effect immediately from and after her

deceale, and to continue for one-whole year from thence next

enfuing.

IV.  And be it further cnafted by the authority aforelaid* That The faid let-all and every the powers, precepts, directions, and claufes, to be ten patent, contained in his Majefty’s letters patent, indenture or inden- ^demand tunes, hereafter to be made, as atorefaid, for the better and good m aw* more certain payment and alfurance of the faid annuity, or

yearly fum of one hundred thoufand pounds, and for making the laid rcfpe&ive revenues, or any of them* or any part thereof, liable thereunto as aforefaid, and for granting, conveying, fettling, and alluring, of the faid palace, or capital mefiuage ami appurtenances, houfe or lodge, lands, tenements, heredita* ments, and other premifies, lhall be, and are hereby enaCted to be good and effe&ual in the law, according to the tenor and purport thereof, in the faid letters patent, indenture or indentures, to be exprefled, notwithftanding any reftriCtion, or other notwithftand-matter or thing, contained in the faia aCl of parliament made ing any rein the firft year of her late Majefty’s reign, intituled. An a& for  in

tbt bitter fupport of her Majefty'$ houfbola, and of the honour and 1 Annj5» dignity of the crown, and notwithftanding any reftriCtion, or other matter or thing, contained in the faid a£t made in the ninth or 9 Anns, year of her. faid late Majefty’s reign, for eftablilhing the poft-office, or in any other aft or a<fts of parliament, and any mif-. recital, non-recital, omiftion, or other defect, in the faid letters patent, indenture or indentures, hereafter to be made, in any .wife notwithftanding.

V.  Saving to all and every perfon and perfons, bodies politic Refemtion of and corporate, their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and rights, affigns (other than to the King’s Majefty, his heirs, and fuc-

ccftors, and other than to fuch perfon or perfons, who do pr may Hand feifed or pofiefied in truft for his Majefty, his heirs,

B3  and

J5  Anfp^kundq GborgjjIII. t*?**

and fucceflbrs) all fach right, tithe, intcreft, and demand what focver, which they, or any of them, have, or may have, of, in to, pr out of, the revenues aforefaid, or any of them, or of in, or to, the faid palace, or capital mefTuage and appuiie nances, houfe or lodge, lands, tenements, hereditaments, anc premises, as aforefaid, fo to be granted as aforefaid, or am part thereof, before the making of this aft, as fuHy and effec *  tually,  to  all  intents  and purposes, as if this aft had not beol

made; anything therein contained to the contrary 4aotwith* landing. .  /

CAP. II.

An all y to repeal jo much of an aftpaffed in tbtjirft your oj the reign of bis prefent Majefty King 'George krefFberd, intituled,, An aft for the relief of Infolvent debtors, as relates to creditors compelling prifoners charged in execution '  So  deliver  Hp  their  efiates, and to fucb prifoners being there-

. upon >difcharged.

Preamble. TTTiiERfiAS an aft ofparUdmentwas made and pojfed in the W ‘firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty King George the Third, intended) An aft for relief of infclve&t debtors : Aftd whereas by the faid aft any creditor of any prifoner committed, or who

........fbsuld  be •Committed') and charged in execution, is impoweNdto compel

Jhth pfifoner to deliver up his ejlite and effefts ih order to his-being -difefwgedy in fuch manner as by the faid aft is direfted: and whereas gfca't - inconveniences have arifen from fuch f outer being given to credit sr$ as aforefaid; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it tteoy Je enacted^ and be it cnafted by the King’s molt excellent -Majdfty/by and with the advice and content of the lords lpi-rrihud ^nd temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflfcmbkd, and by the authority of the feme, That from and The compul- 'after the nineteenth day of November, One thoufend feven huh-five claufe in dred and fixty one, fo much of the faid recited aft, as folates tiu rcra^d aft-toi-creditors compelling prifoners charged in execution to deliver repealed. tip $ftates^ and to fuch prifoners being thereupon dif-charged,thall be, and the fame is hereby repealed, to all inrtfente and purposes whatfoever.

Offences a- II. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority afore-gainft the re- feid, That this aft mail not extend, or be oortftrtied 10 exteftd,to not" pardon, indemnify, or difcharge, ally peifon who hath m-fbch repeal? curre<*, of, before 4be feid nineteenth day of November, one may be nied thotifand feven hundred and fikty one, foafi incur, *ny penalty tor,  or  forfeiture,  by  committing  any  offetice  agaltift  rhe  laM  aft

and the of-  made and parted in the feid firft year di hte prefent 'Majfefty^s

fenders re 'reign* but that every fuch offender (hall be liable to the for-made liable to futures and penalties incurred, or, before the -faid nineteenth Vnd feifdnires ^ay  Nitoimbtr, onfe thoUfand fe^eti hundred and Ifetty one*

thereby incur-to be incurred, under the feid aft, made andjpaflfed ih the ftfd ied«  firft  year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, as it the faid aft had

not been repealed* and had continued, ih foil foroe*

CAP.

*7**1

Ariao feoando GfeoR^u lit

y

cap. m.

As off far granting an aid to bis Majejiy by a land tax ta be raifed in, Great Britain, for the fervice.of the year one thoufand/even hundred and Jiuty tw*

Mod Gracious Sovereign,

Wf E jour Majejiy s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons Preamble. W of Great Britain, in parliament ajfembled, taking into our feriour configuration fucb expences as are abfolutely nueffary for fupv porting ymr Majeftfs government, and being refdved tofuppfy the fern, have for that end and purpofe cheerfully, and voluntarily given sndg&nUd* and do by this aft give and grant unto your Majejiy, the feueral andt refptft 'we rates ana ajfeflmtnts heriafter mentioned j and toe do moft humbly befeech your Majejiy that it may be enafted\ and be it enacted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefect parliament aflembled, and by the aotborirv- of the fame. That the film of two millions thirty 1,037,854!. fcven meafand eight hundred fifty four pounds, nineteen *9 s- and 1 id. fluffing*, and eleven pence, (hall be raifed, levied, and paid to be ratfedm unto his Majefty, within she kingdom of Great Britain, by fuch Urcat proportions* and in fuch manner and form, as hereafter in this aft are eaeprefled.

And it is hereby declared and enafted by the authority afordaid. That, &c. &c.

1,0*0, 5001, it*, and 9d. to be raifed in England in one year from 15th rkrSx7*1. — Perfonal eftate* (except defperate debts, flock on land, InriehriUl goods, and looms to hit Majefty^ to pay 48. in the pound. —* Eaptoynpcnta of profit (except military officers of the army or navy) to pay 41. per pound. — Penfions and annuities out of the Exchequer, &c. to pay,  Lands,  tenements,  mines, &c. to be charged with equality

aao indifference, See. —Lands, See. fubjeft to rent-charges, annuities, See, —CbmmtiBoners of the land tax for the year 1759, to put this aft in execution.—Commiffioners to meet on or before the 30th of April, 1762, a* by the aft 4 W. and M. and may fubdivide themfelves, &c. A lift of the tomauffioners to aft in each divifion, to be given to the receivers gene-ral.—rCommiffioners, to fummon fit perfons to be aflfeflbrs, who are to ap-pear before them in' eight days; and then to give them a charge. Per* ism absenting, or refufing to lerve, forfeit, not exceeding 51. nor left than

40 s. Afleflors to be two at leaft, and fufficient inhabitants.-rAflef-

i&eDts to be brought in at a day and place prefixed.-The full fum

charged tb be affeffed. —A certificate of the afleffment to be brought it mb* the eolleftors names.—Affeflors, &c. aieglefting their duty to be M oot above 401. — Affeflors to deliver one copy of the affeument*

to th£ cemimiffioners.-Duplicates thereof to be figned*&c. and one de-

fivemd to the coileftors, See with warrant for collefting.—Commiffion-era required to give coileftors notice at what time and place the appeal of who (hall think bimfelf aggrieved by being over-rated, may be heard *nd determined. —* A duplicate in parchment to be delivered, together with the names of the afTeflors and coileftors, to the receiver-gtaeral j and one to the remembrancer's office, by Sth Augufl 176a, or twenty‘days after (all appeals firft determined) — Remembrancer to give receipts gratis on penalty of sol. — The rates to be levied on thf nmek or preraiflesj and to be paid to the receivers-general, See,—sThe •  B  4  money

Anno fectmdo Georgii HI.'

[1761*.

money cotte&ed to be paid to the receiver-general, or deputies; and they

to give commifSonen notice. *-----Colledors not obliged to trinwi above

ten miles. —:— Removal or death of receiver-general to be notified to the commiflioaers.-—-407,4751. 41. and 8d. 1. q. for the firft quarterly payment, to be paid to the receivers by 24th June 176s. the feooed payment oy 19th September 176&. the third payment by 25th December 1762. the hut payment by the 25th March 1763. — Receiver-general within a month after receiving the full /am charged, to give the commifiiociers a receipt: which fliall be a full difeharge tor payment. Receivers‘general within twenty days to pay the monies into the Exchequer; and to be al* lowed ad* in the pound. — CoJIe&ors to have 3d. in the pound. Com-ipnifiioncrs clerks to have three half pence in the pound.--rColk&or*

Say levy by diftrefs, in cafe of refufal of payment. I>iftrefs to be kept four tys at the owner's charge; then appraifed and fold, and the over-plug returned, 81c. Ceramiffioners to determine differences about diftreb. For want of diftrefs offender may be committed (except a peer or peerefg of Great Britain■) — — Tenants to pay the tax, and deduct lo much out of the rents, t—• Tenants difeharged for what they fo pay. Commiffioners to fettle differences between landlord and tenant. Commiffioners to

caufe all deficiencies to be reaflefled, and made good.-----Afleflbr re*

fufing to ferve, to forfeit not exceeding 401. fine not to be difeharged but by commiffioners who imposed it; and levied by diftrefs or imprifonment, luid paid into the Exchequer, and ififerted in the duplicates.--Collec-

tors detaining the money, to be imprifoned, their eftates feized and fold,

fee.----- Commifiioners to examine whether the luras aflefled be duly col*

le&ed, See.----In cafe of controverfies in aiTdfing commiffioners, the

fommiffioners concerned to withdraw t in default to be fined, not abov$ ao). —— No privileged place or perfon exempt from this tax. Fee-farm

rents, &c. to be taxed. Tenants to pay the rate*.-----Colleges, &c. in

the univerfities, See. not chargeable : nor the houfes or lands, which before the 25th of March 1693. did belong to Chrift's hofpital, &c. nor corporation of clergymen's Tons, Bromley pollegc, or any other hofpital or alras-

lioufe.----No tenants of hofpitals, &c. to claim any exemption. —

Such tenants not difeharged, who by leafes are obliged to pay taxes. --►

Popuniifioner* to determine how far lands, See. belonging to hofpitals.

Sec. not exempted by name, ought to be charged.-------All hofpital land*

Ac afTefled by 4 W. and M. liable to this aid, and no other.----Recei-

vers of fee-farm rents, See. to allow 43. per pound to the parties, without fee, on penalty of aol. Auditors, &c. fetting tenants in'uper for what ought

to be allowed, or refufing allowance, to forfeit 100I.---Such fee-farm

rents only to have an allowance of 48. per pound, as are anfwerxble to the crown, or were purchafed according to 22 and 23 Car. ii The owners to allow the fame to the party paying.-----Lifts of penfions Sec to be deli-

vered gratis to the afleflhrs. Taxes on penfions, &c. not paid, to be ftop$ In the Exchequer. A true account to be kept of the money ftopt. —-Perfons to be taxed in the parifli where they dwell.—* No provifo to leflen the full fum by this a£t to be levied. —* Contracts between landlord and tenant, touching taxes, not to be avoided. — Ail places to pay, where ufually aflefled. — Wtfi Barnfuld to be afTefled in the lathe of Stray, Com. Kent, hfortbmore, Com’ Oxon, in Brampton. Cbarlbury, See• in ChadbtgtoHi Leeds, com’ Ebor. in Skyrac. dmberfiey, See. com’ Wor~ in OpwaLj/brw hundred. Parifh of Yardiey, in Hal/Jbire hundred. Foreft of Chute, where the firft 4s. aid was aflefled. Upton, in Perjborg

hundred. Calder and Ape, at Wakefield and Leeds.---------Inhabitants of

appartments, See. in Somerfet houfe, to be aflefled in the fame proportions

jvith thofe in Lancafier liberty.---? General iflue. Trehle cafu. —7

Where lands &c. are unoccupied, and no diftrefs found, coUettofl may

didrain at any time after.---? Wood may be cut down, and fold for di-

ftref? (Timber-trees excepted)----Tithes, tolls. Scc. not paid within fix

days after demand, &c. may be feized and fold. — Receiver general returning perfons, who have paid the tax, to be in arrear, forfeits treble flamages to the party grieved, and to his Majefty double the fum fo returned. ---Commiffioners to aflefs the afleflors. — None compelled to

|>c afleflors out of the limits of the city, &c. —— Afleflments oh fbreigfif

, minifterq

Aimofccanck) Georgii HI,

mmiftfcrs hoofcs to be paid4bf the landlords.--In places extraparochbd

axnnmitoners to nominate afTeflors and collectors, Arc.—»—No commiflioiu ety Arc. liable to any other penalties than fuch as are inftifted by this aftv

•---Commiftoneri not to aft without taking the oaths by i Geo. i. die*

before oaths taken forfeit soo 1. Officers to pay, where employed, &c, —— Officers in' chancery to be aflefled in the rolls liberty.* Annuities where rated. Pensions, where payable. Perfona! eftatet, where perfons refident, &c. Perfons not boufeholders, where refident. Abfent perfons to be rated where they were laft refident. — Goods, Arc. to be afefled where they (hall be. — Perfons doubly rated, difeharged on cer* dfeate. Not to extend to Scotland, Ireland, Jerfiy, or Guernfey. —W Perfons avoiding the tax, charged treble. —• Houle holders to give aip

account of theirlodgers, on forfeiture of 5I.--Shares in the New river,

fee. to pay 4 s. per pound. Shares in the Fire offices, and in the lights, and the Ring's printing-houfe tt> pay 4s. per pound. Merchants, bank

of England, poft office, See. to be paid by the governors.-Governors,

Arc. of the river-waters, and water-works refilling to pay, the collectors impowered to levy the fum by diftrefs and fale. —-Papilts 18 years of ag* not taking the oaths 1 W. and M. to pay double: unlefs taken within tea

days after the commiffioners firft meeting.----Perfons of 18 years of age

rending the oath, to pay double.--Commiffioners to fummon fufoefted

perfons. Sec.---Quakers to fobferibe the declaration 1 W. and M. —

Commiffioners to double aflefs papifts, where afleflors omit.-Tenants

difeharged from double rates.—King's bench, MarfhaHea priibn, Scc. to be anefied in St. George's parifli, See. — Officers of the Marfhalfe* court refufing to pay, Arc. colleftors by warrant from commiffioners may diftnun. If no goods fufficient, officers to be imprifoned, ——Fleet priibn to be aflefled in St. Bride's. —- Officers at Stoke Damn!, near Plymouth, to be aflefled within the town of Plymouth, Sec. — Officers of thenofpital at Safi Stoneboufe, to be aflefled alio within the town of Plymouth, sol. to be nand out of the fum aflefled on the faid officers, in aid of the afleflment on Saji Stoneboufe. — Water-works in Southwark to be aflefled in Surrey* ---Water-works in Weflmiujter to be aflefled there. Offices, Sec.

in Whitehall and St. James's to be there aflefled. — Colleftors of the water-works in Colcbefler chargeable. Colleftors for the water-works in

Hew Wbtdjer, chargeable.----Patent officers to bifhopricks to pay where

aflefled in 1693. — Commiffioners appointed to aft, without fubdividing the parifli of St .Andrew Holbom, in Middlefex. The parifh of St. Georgs Hanover-fipsare to be charged with difbnft Quota from the parifli of St. Martin's in the fields. Debates ariftng concerning the joint Quota, the comniffioners who are inhabitants of either parifli to withdraw, or to be fined a fum not exceeding sol. ——The pariflies of St. John, St. Petor, and Bercbington, to be charged in Dover liberty, according to the afleff-

aeent 4 W. and M.------ Lands not worth aos. per annum not chargeable,

— CoQeftors keeping monies in their hands, to forfeit 40I. ■■ - — Re-r-general mifapplytng the monies to forfeit 5001. ■ »■■ ■ ■ Commiffion-

« of the treafury, ox. not to divert the payments into the Exchequer. —, No Nab frvfbqui, Sec. in any fuit againft this aft. ■■ ■■-— Commiffioners to abate, where lands are over charged, and to re-aflefs, Arc. or raife it on perfons undercharged. ■ — Receiver-general anfwerable for deputies. Sub colleftor not to travel above ten miles. Arc. Receivers i\ot nominating deputies. Arc. to forfeit iool. —Commiffioners for the county at# large may aft for any city. Arc.—— Mayors, bailiffs Arc. to aft as commiflkm-ers specially appointed.——Members of parliament to be taxed at their pmfion-hoo^. — Firft meeting for tne Weft riding of York at Ponte-fraB\ North riding, at Tbirflt; Eaft riding at Beverley. •  — No coih-

mbfioner capable to aft in any county at large; unlefs rated at iool. per annum (Merioneth, Cardigan, Arc. excepted) Commiffionen for Anglefea, Arc. to aft, if Tated at 601. perannum. — Commiffioners, may aft for any city, being inhabitants, or inns of court. Arc. Attomies Arc. not to fie commiffioners, without poflefling iool. per annum. No commiffioner of the city of London, or liberty of St. Martin le grand to aft, unlefs rated at soL per annum of his own eftate, Arc.—— No commiffioner of the city, Arc. of Wieflminfler to aft, unlefs sated at aol. per annum of his own

eftat€«

AnjK» ffBwfcGsQWWlJI,

itc, ■ j!j.s .FcrfoPf difabled psefuming to,aft, to fncfeif.50I. —r—Coir

Jeftors of the new water-works ip Exon, chargeable,------— Her Majcftjr.

the Queen not chargeable; nor her royal Highncfs the Prince fs dowager df jfiihs.nor his royal Highneikthe Duke,of Cumberland, nor the-prince fs Amelia,—----- Superannuated Tea-officers not to pay, &£• nor poor.

knights of Windfcr. —?—<— Rejidentiaries, in wbajt cafes not chargeable*, por 190 k per annurp to the pqof clergy of the die of Man:, nor pages of honour, —Trr—Epee 1 vers general to give notice of failures jin payment of

the taxes.-----~tCommiiTioners for Lincoln, to aft in Lincoln cio{ei and*

for ftie county, in St. Martin in Siaaejord baron -——r Auditor to keep* regifter, &c. ———Deputies to pay for principals, and; orKqpnpayinettt liable to di/lrefs.-7^r— Receiver-general to give a lift of money received, fry him, at the, time and place appointed,. On, refufai to forfeit any Aim

ript exceeding aoL------. Collpapcs may keep fq much money as any two

jsoromiffioners. jqdge reafoqable.—T--—tyo^eceiver to return an infnper upon any county. See. after three years, for monies. in arrear; but the fame to be a de^  ,Eun and his fccurities.—— Sheriff, on writs of diflringeu*

tp,return.ilfpes after the rate of 51, per cent, pf the fum fet an itifnper 2 and procqfs.to, j{j-uc thereupon, &c.—-r-Water-works iq Shrewsbury charge-*

able.---— Whofliall have the benefit oqjy of overplus fums uncharged*

--------Claufe for t^e eafje of uroteftants, to whom lands, &c. have come*

which have been,doubly taxed. Where lands doubly taxed are liable only, to a Jingle affefiincntj cominiffionprs on cqmplaint to examine into tb^ truth thereof and tp certify the fame tq the barons of the Exchequer, before 19th $tpJfml#t+\jfo \ who.are to difqharge the overplus before the h^t day of 'Number 176/*? Certificates of the lumsdifchargtd to be pi oduced

to the coinmdfionery at their next meetings---------Comniiflioners may

fumrnon col|qftors, whp have converted Jandtax monies to tbeir own ide»

f their heirs, Seqf and)?*?, examination may iflue their warrants tor paying; cb iqonjes to hi$,Maie$y.’s ufjB. — .■■■■ The payments made according tQ e con>Tpi|hbhfn;s grants, &c, /hall be discharges to theucoUeftors* on their hqirs, Ax. —Coijeftors not payings may be. imprifoned, and, their eftatqs* feiwid and. fold. : 7 Arrears of .former land-taxes to b*

levied, .by the prerent commiffioners.---— .No receiver-general, or hi*

agents, may fue the county fqf* a robbery* unlefs tb< perfons carrying, tb*

i at leait in

money be in company, apd three ;

in number. -

Tolls or dp-Com-r

ties on turnpikes, not chargeable by this or any former aft. mi/fioqers m*y» before 19th September 1762, lummon afleffors; who have npt f ha^^ed theip eftatiBS £nce 6th Mpj 1717, and examine them uponoatfy and award,fatisfaftiop, to be levied and paid to tlje collectors.—r—rCorn-njifiioners,&c. to diftinguifli and fet down the grots fqms afTeFed for double taxes, to be tjanfmifted in the Exchequer.——-Afteflmeota on thp town of Cambridge to be railed on manors, &c. and op fifiiing* Sec. on the riyer

Cam* —------Qn, whom and when, yearly affefTments on fairs, Sqc% tp be:

cqllefted. Diftrefs on default of payment how to be levied. Tenants of bpofbs*(^cr to.pay the rat^ apd dedudl them,out of their rqnts, .&c, 47,9^4.1'. is. zd. to be raifed in Scotland, by an 8 raootji?, of 5,934.1. $s. } a. 3 q. per menfeip, to be rated as the tax roll now is, or (hall be fettled, by themlelves.—---The firfl two months cefs to be paid by 24th of

June, 176a, fecqnd, 19th.September 1761, third x5th December ijbt, fourth' X$tb March 1.76 3.-^rr--r-.Commiffiqpei-s for putting this aft in execqtjoui in Scotland, Tamq as fop the aft yj C/p.Ji.&c. And executioq to be done as by the iaid aft. Firil meeting to, be atjhe bead, burghs op jpth April, 1,76a.—rrr- ^UT claufes iii former afts relating to the bringing ih thp cels, &ct to,beUn^wll focce.1-- •*■■- No perfens in Scotland bolden to pro-d^ceJtheir. receipt^ aftqr. 3 years,,r—rrr-Debton owing mqney.in Scotland ail5 per cent^toret^ip.a, 6th4>aft,of. Apey cent*, fnqiu nth Apv..ij6t, to j ith Mwo.176^ 4^,954.1.1 s. 2d. to be raifed free of alt charges, an^l to bp paid at Edinburgh,——rNp.pcrfon to be a commiflibner of the latjd tax ip, Scotland, who.is not enf^oft of iqol. ScoU, per annum real rent an the county’ where he afta, Excepdopf Commiffipnerx in Scotland tq take tfio oa^hs, and fubferibe tbe afiurance.—-——: Pirovo^ &c. of any royal bo-

rqugh may aft as a commifliPncr ----- Claufe of loan at 41. per cent.—-1

llles ofloan to beftruck^%. Or^ra rpgiliered;and paid In tourfe. Nq

fee

Artno fectaadd GsoftOfi HL

rt

•Nb tmtftie

be for regiftfcfing^&c. Penalty for iradbe;preference, preference, where tatties are dated or brougnrthe fame day: nor if fub-Sequent orders be paid before fuch as were not demanded in courfe.

—Orders sAgnabte.-----------Commiflioners of the treafury impowered

to prepare any n amber of Exchequer bills of one common fum. or differ-eat tans, in the principal monies. BtHs to bear intereft at af .per ctrtt.

per nwsir Thefe oilk to be numbered arithtoetically. —1-Tredfury to

direft tbc-courfr of payment for loans or Exchequer bills, and to appoint cheque*,dec. — The bills to be placed as cadi in the Exchequer, and to heiftuablc't hereout in cbmmon with other monies, and to be current sssbe rtwn«:Receivers' to exchangc bills for ready money. —Tallies to be *leoied for -bills lent into the Exchequer. —Intereft to continue >sift-p*pmtfat.  — intereft1 to ceafe Wbilfr the bills are hr the hands of re-

otitesa, iic.-*—-*lls paid to receivers, &c. fo be figned and dated. Ih-tetoft ao be allowed to the laid days. The bills may be rtlflued, bofh

for* principal 'Xnd intereft.—Receivers to keep a book. —----Bffls

fiUed asp by Htdorfements, or defaced,-to be exchanged.-—Bills not

cxoeediag ^ooo i. each to be made forth at the Exchequer.-----------Forging

Exchequer bills, felony.—-— How the monies arifing by this a6t (hall be applied. - Trcafdry on *9 Sept. 1763, to take an account of all monies xaded and dxfebarged — -Unfetisfied movies to be paid out of the next

aid, or ontoftbe noking fund.—-----------CommifRoners to appoint perfons to

pay offpriadpal fums, which lhall from time totime be in courfe of payment apOn Exchequer bilb.-----‘—Money, asbrdught in, to be paid to the

. paymasters.- -.........pills to be regiftered in courfe. When intereft to

Pmymafters liable to the covitroul of the treafury.-Treafury

to Attic friaries of clerks, See. and to contract with perfons to circulate kalis, dbc. -  Contractor a  not difabled from being members of parlia-

ntitt. ■ ■ — ■■ May'kwer or raife the intereft with confent of the treafory, CoutnAors how to* be paid. No fee to be taken. No intereft for "tett than one penny.'—-- ■■ Charges to be paid out of the finking fund: to be

repfaccd out of the firft fuppliet --Claufe of relief for bills loft Or

defttoyed- Bills difebarged to be cancelled.-----------Sinking fund appro -

■Hated to dyfoharge national debts incurred before Dec, 1716.  ■  ■

bcficaency of the land tax 33 Gto.\\. how to be fapplieti.

CAP. IV.

Jbt-a8  for  continuing  and granting to bis Majefty certain duties upon malty  mum,  cyder, and perry, for the fervice

the year one tboufand Jeven hundred  two.

Moft Gracious Sovereign,

%\T ^ pur Majefly’s mojf dutiful and loyal fabjetts, the corrimom Preamble.

▼Xaf Great Britain, in parliament  towards

the necejptry Supplies to defray your Majefly’s  expentes, have

freely,and voluntarily refofued to give and grant unto your Majejly He  rates, duties,  and impofttions herein afier mentioned;  and do moft

humbly befeeehyour Majefty, That it may be enafted; and be it enacted hy tbt Xing’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice oad -content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, 4fc <hw-prefent parliament aflembted, and by the authority «Vf the £tm6, That Within and throughout that part of Great SriuSn:ieSSkd England, Wales, and town of Btru/tek upon Tiered, &e. Sic.

Malt

aft of 1 XJeo. hi. further continued to 24th 1761. in’Scotland to pay jdper buflid. Mum 10 s. per barrel. Cyder and per-ryutUtin forwfc, 41. per hog&cad. How thefe duties are to be railed.

*o»

Anno fefiurido Georgii III.-

. r — 10,0001. to be raifed in Scotland. Surplus to be added to the fi(h* eriet, &c.—This aft to idate to the fame day and time, as the a€t i Geo, iii. did —Malt brought from Scotland by fea, to be entered at the port of landing t brought by land, to be entered at Borwick or Carlr/k.

. ■ ■— Cyder for diftilline not chargeable. Diftiller to give notice to the

officer when he diftils cyaer.-----Allowances for exportation of malt.

, i W. and M. On certificate of malt being exported, and fecurity, allowance to be paid. Penalty on relanding, over and above the penalty of the bond, all the malt and treble the value forfeited.-----Malt fteeping for

•  exportation to be kept feparate till meafured. Malfters to give notice to

officers, &c.-------Penalty on opening the locks, &c. after malt is mea-

. fured. See, ----  Malfters,  on  a+th Jwu 176a, to clear out of their ware-

houfevall malt within fifteen months. And fo all future malfters.—-. Claufes in aft n Amu and 6 Geo, i. 5 s. per buihel penalty on all com fteeping or fteeped for malt, which (hall be found in the ciftem or couch, fo hard and compact as it could not be, unleft the fame had been forced together to prevent the riling. ■ ■■■■ —iool. penalty on fraudulently conveying from the ciftem any fteeping of com, and mixing the fame with other com charged with duty in the couch; or fraudulently conveying the ..fame away, fo that no gauge of fuch corn can be taken m the couch.

. -  ■ — Penalties how to be recovered.------Buyers of cyder or perry for

, their private ufe not to be charged.-Perfons felling lefs than so gallons,

to be deemed mailers.---------Ckufe of loan at 4I. per cent. Tallies of

. loan to be (truck* &c. Orders regiftered and paid in courfe. No fee for regiftering, &c. Penalty for undue preference. No undue preference,

. where tallies are dated or brought the fame day j nor if fubfequent orders be paid before fuch as were not demanded in courfe. Orders affigo-.able. — Commiffioners of the treafury impowered to prepare any number of one common <fum, cr different fums, in the principal monies.

*  Bills to bear intereft at 4I. per cent, per annum. Thete bills to be numbered arithmetically. Treafury to direct the courfe of payment for .loans or Exchequer bills, and to appoint cheques, &c. — The bills to

be placed as cam in the Exchequer.—^Claufes in the land fax aft re-.lating to Exchequer bills, extended to this. -- ■ How the monies arifing;

by this aft (hall be applied.------Treafury on the 19 Sett. 1763, to take

an account of all monies raifed and difeharged. Unfinished monies to be paid out of the next aid, or out of the (inking fund, to be replaced out of

the firft fupplies.-----Deficiency of the malt tax 33 Geo. 11. how to be

fupplied. Arrears of former duties to be applied in aid of the fuppbea . granted for the year 1761.

cap. y.

An aft for more  effeftually preventing the excejjive ufe of

rituous liquors for borne confumption, by laying additional duties upon fpirits made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and for better regulating and encouraging the exportation of Britifli made  fpiritand for fecuring the pay*

mentof the duties upon fpirituous liquors.

WHEREAS by an aft made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late majejiy King George the tituled, An aft for preventing the  ufe  of  fpirituous

by laying additional duties thereon; for  the  prohibition  of

making low wines and fpirits from wbarley,  , or other grain,

and from meal, flour, and bran;

Britifh made fpirits; and for more effeftually fecuring the duties payable upon fpirits, and preventing the fraudulent relanding or tation thereof additional duties were laid upon

otbtr

<j

v^ooQle

f '

Anno;ieamcIo GeorGU tH.

*1

. t tenmegflablijUdnin*rdea,by continuing-£oP Bgneft, fOfrrinntthe  txcefht  ufe tonfimp-

wwdt,at ike fame piste.  tifat the. exportation ofJpirituous Iifuors «w

*« W to  he  encouraged; and whereas tome theprovifions made  by

fofoid alt  do left tend to inhenotibe price ofmade for. tn-

whKiaf^WaaHbr frite of -theft made for 'home ‘consumption and fkereas thefrtfent method offubjefling  fp made for exportation

Uahc\pnyment of duties^ and in confederation .thereof granting draiv-M» OraUotoaneet upon, exportation, has been found to be attended ydb Worry inconveniences :in order therefore more effectually to terry \em the. wife and fahtary purpofts of the  ,  by

ingm more convenient method of encouraging the exportation of fpiri-mtmrhfuon, endat thefame time effectually  any  in-

trnejfr of  the  Ufe  thereoffbr home eanfumptionA&y it  your

Mpftfljtkqf U may be enafled; and be it enabled by the King’s moftexceftott Majefty, by and withthe advice and confent of th&4ofdai'foi ritual umd temporal, and cotnmons, in this pre*

" liMaent aflembled and by the authority of the lame,  *

~~h iphd^after the twenty firft day or  ,  one  al duties fbl-

tven hundred and iixty two, there (hall be railed, lowing laid on I wild, eoilefted, and paid unto his Majefty,. his heirs and Spirituous li-fieedEirs, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for the fevapti kinds Of fpjrituous liquors herein after mentioned, int^tlreat fpened, and enumerated, which . flwll be made in Great Britain, not tow for home confumptiony or imported into Great Britain from being the pro* parts beyond the feas-^nOt being the produce of the Brrtijh co- £u“ lookaj'pver.and above all duties, charges, and impofitions by n",1. tot^ aay former aft or aftsof parliament thereupon refpeftively fet, place from and nnpofed, the feveral additional rates and duties of and after at exriWlrpreih after mentioned and eJcpfeffed j that is to fay, Jaiui 76a.

Fbr every gallon of low wines, or fpirits of the firft extrac- . . tion, made or drawn from any fort of drink or wa(h brewed Or l he utie*" made from any fort of mah or corn, or from brewers wafli or tihs, or any mixture with fuch brewers walh or tilts, to be paidby the djftdiers oi' nlakers thereof, One penny.

Pmreverf jpilpn of ftrong wahers or Aqua Vitae, made fbr (ale of foe material* aforefaid, or any .of. them, to be paid by the di-(Blfo(s.or maJtefs thereof. Three pence.

.Rot, ev$y. gallon of low wines, or fpirits of the firft extraction, umic or drawn in Great Britain from any foreign or imported materials; or any mixture therewith, to be paid by the diflilia* ormakxra thereof, Three pence.

Faraway ffdhmafrfpirto madcor.drawa in Great Britain, fram mny foreign or-imported materials, <er uhy mixture there-uhk^ta be paidd>]Mhtodift3ier» oiumkers.there of, X wo pence.

Far evecygattonvof low wines, or fpirits of the firft extraction, made bc dmmsfcom.cydec, orany fort or kind of Britifh BiaMwla (except Unde befiorementioaed) or any mixture there-ri«h,'tb.be.paid hy therilftiilers- or makers thereof. One peny Three farttongx.' ......

Fof

14  Anno  Iccundo  Georgii  IIL f i j6t.

For every gallon of fpirits made for (ale, from cyder or any fort or kind of Briti/b materials, (except thofe before mentioned,) to be paid by the diftillers or makers thereof. Two pence.

For every gallon of (ingle brandy fpirits or Aqua Vibe* imported into Great Britain from beyond the feas, not being the produce of the Briti/b colonies, to be paid by the importer before landing. Six pence.

For every gallon of brandy fpirits or Aqua Vita above proof, commonly called Double Brandy, imported into Great Britain from beyond the feas, not being the produce of the Briti/b colonies, to be paid by the importer before landing. One (hilling.

Doties inEng. D. And for the bitter afcertmning,, charging, colleftingy rai/ing, land to be levying, and fecuring the rates and duties by this aft impofed under the re- on the jaid fpirituous liquors, and preventing frauds therein, be ceipt and jt farther enabled by the authority aforefaid, That fuch of the 5*t5?com-* rates and duties by this aft granted, as are charged upon mi dinners fpirituous liquors made, extrafted, and manufactured in, or and officers imported into England, Wales % or the town of Beruvici upon cx^fc Tweedy (hall be under the receipt and management of the com-AndC tbofe in m*flioners and officers of his Majefty’s revenue of excife in Eng-Scodand, un- land for the time being; and fuch of the faid rates and duties der the com- as are impofed by this aft, upon fpirituous liquors made, ex-miffioners and trafted, and manufactured in, or imported into Scotland, (hall be cifethere f* under the receipt and management of the commiffioners and officers of excife in Scotland for the time being; and the faid and they are refpeftive commiffioners of excife, or the major part of them, impowered to have hereby power by commiffion, under their refpeftive hands Sr officers° an(* f«ds, to conftitute and appoint under them fuch officers as under them in (hall be neceflary in that behalf ; and all monies ariling by the that behalf, faid duties in Great Britain, or any part thereof (the neceflaiy The monies^ charges of raiftng and accounting for the fame excepted) (hall

by are to be" time to timc ** Pa** into rcceiI* of his Majefty’s ex-paid into the chequer at IVefimnftery diftinftly and apart from all other exchequer at branches of the public revenue; and (hall be fubieft and li-Weftmmfter, ahJe to fuch ufes, applications, and purpofes, as (nail by any Jfother r°m ^ure aft or afts of parliament be directed or appointed, branches of IIL And whereas try a claufe in the faid aft of parliament pajjed the public in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Maiejly King revenue*. George the Second, recittngy that whereas many evils had arifen to the public by reafon of the compounding or rectifying of fpirits, by perfons praftifing the trade or bufinefs of making or diftilling fpirits from com or grain 5 it was therefore enafted, Claufe in the That from and after the twenty firft day of April, one thoufand aft 33 Geo.a. feven hundred and (ixty, if any perfon praftifing the trade or prohibiting bufinefs of making, extracting, or diftilling low wines or fpi-to compound rits? ^rom corn **  or  any  tnixturc  therewith, or having

or rectify fpi- any intereft, (hare, or property, in any fuch trade or bufinefs, rit* into gin (hould direftly, or indireftly, either by him or herfelf, or any or brandy. other perfon or perfons in trull, or for his or her benefit, rectify, compound, or make, any fort of fpirits into the liquor

commonly 

*5

1761.] Anno fccundo Georgii III.

commonly called Gin, or into brandy, or any other compound fpirituous liquors whatfoever, every luch perfon (hould, for e-very fuch offence, forfeit and pay the lum of one hundred pounds; and that the heirs, executors, adminiftrators or af-figns, of any perfon who fhould, after the faid twenty firft day of April) one thoufand feven hundred and fixty, have been guilty of the offence aforefaid, fhould not be intitled unto, or main-, tain any caufe, adion, or fuit, for recovery, either in law or e-quity, of any fum or fums of money, debt, or demand whatfoever, on account or by reafonof any intereft or property in, or profit or advantage arifing in refpedt of, fpirits, made, extracted, or diftilled, from com or grain, or any rectified or compounded fpirituous liquors whatfoever: and whereas it is thought expedient to anjwer the purpofes of this aft) to repeal the fame claufe: be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the laid recited claufe, and every part thereof, (hall, from and after the is repealed, faid twenty firft day of January) one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two, be, and the fame is hereby repealed, and made null and void to all intents and purpofes.  1

IV.  And) for the more ejfeftual fecuring the payment of the n0 dilHHer, duties upon fpirits; it is hereby enabled and declared by the au- re&ifier, or thority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty firft day of dealer in fpi-Januarj) one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two, no perfon Flts* ma^*vc or perfons who (hall either make or rectify any fpirits for fale, fDmany ftill or who (hall fell or deal in any fort offpirituous liquors, (hall have or ftillsf which in his, her, ortheircuftodyorpo(feffion,orinthecuftodyor poflef- feparately, or fion of any other perfon or perfons in truft, or for the ufe or be- together* j!1*1* nefit of him, her, or them, any ftill or number of (tills, unlefs tban^oogal-fuch ftill if a (ingle one, or fuch (tills taken together if more Ion*,on penal-than one, (hall contain at the lead one hundred gallons, on pain ty of 100L

to forfeit for every fuch ftill the fum of one hundred pounds 5 *nd thc _ and that fuch (tills as (hall contain feparately lefs than one hun- Jerfized ftiUs dred gallons (hall be all placed in one room or workhoufe, on are to be pain to forfeit for every fuch (till not fo placed, the like fum of placed in one one hundred pounds; and every perfon and perfons who (hall, [.9°m UIMjcr « after the faid twenty firft day of January, one thoufand fevenperf™Sw5c> hundred and fixty two, fell or deal in any liquors which are (hall deal in chargeable with any duty of excife, and who (hall alfo make or excifeable li-diftilany (pints, (nail be deemed and taken, and is and are 9u?.rs» hereby oeclared to be a common diftiller or diftillers for fale, Sif fpiri^ are and is and are hereby required to enter his, her, and their (till declared to be and ftflls, and (hall be liable to be charged with, and to pay for, commondiftR-all low wines and fpirits made by them the feveral rates and ler*5 and are duties of excife charged by this, and all and every former adt ^^"^ndpay or adts for laying duties upon low wines or fpirits, and be fub- duties accoro-jeft to the furvey of the officers of excife, and to the feveral ingly. penalties and forfeitures impofed by this or any former adt or adts of parliament now in force, in any wife relating to diftillers.

V.  And) for the better encouraging the exportation of fpirits wa(h »nd made in Great Britain; be it therefore enadted by the authority JJjJ1

t6  Anno  fecurido CxEOltGii ID.  [  iy6t.

therefrom* aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty firft day of Ja-madefor fo- nuary, one thoufand fcven hundred and fixty two, no wafh ation Careex-wbich (hall be brewed or made for the making of low wines, in empted from order to extract fpirits for exportation to parts beyond the feas, the duties of nor any fuch low wines or fpirits, (hall be charged or charge-excife | ablc with any duty or duties of excife granted by* this or any former ad or ads of parliament for laying of duties upon low and no draw- wines or fpirits ; and that from thenceforth all and fcvery drawbacks or al- back, allowance, and bounty, which hath been given or grant-lowances are ed by any former ad or ads of parliament on the exportation of thereon tor  made  fpirits,  to  parts beyond the feas, whether payable by

the future} the eommiffioners of excife or cuftoms, (hall epafe, and be no longer payable or paid; any law or ftatute to the contrary not-withftanding.

VI.  Provided, That nothing herein contained (hall extend to wererti i ppeef8 Prevent  payment of the drawbacks, allowances, and bounties,

&c. for ex^ ’ for fuch fpirits as (hall have been really and bona fide (hipped or portation.be- fent coaftways in order for exportation, before the faid twenty tore i Jan. firft <jay 0f January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two, 176a, &c. and which had been tried and afeertained according to tne di-redions of the faid recited ad.

Every difHller VII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,That of fpirits for fr°rci and after the faid twenty firft day of January, one thou-exportation fand feven hundred and fixty two, all and every diftdler and is previoufly diftillers who (hall be defirous of making or diddling fpirits for the^cfxt^f- exPortati°n» (hall, four days at the lead before he, me, or they fice of excife, foaH begin to brew any corn or grain, or to mix any other materials for the making of vtafh to be diddled into low wines, in order to extrad fpirits for exportation, make a true and particular entry in writing at the next office of excife, within the limits whereof his, her, or their workhoufe, dillhoufe, ftore-houfe, warehoufe, or other place for diddling or keeping wa(h, low wines, or fpirits, is or (hall be fituate, of all and every and other vef- copper, ton, wafh-back, ca(k, or other veflel, which h$, fels which he or they (hall make ufe of for the brewing, diddling, work-ftiall make ufe ing, making, laying, or keeping, any worts, wa(h, low wines?, °f» .  or fpirits, and alfo of the cafks or veflels which every fuch di-

ftiller or diftillers (hall make ufe of for the brewing, holding, or keeping of the after-runnings or feints from the fecond ex-tradion which (hall, from time to time, be drawn from every fuefi •nd his work- > and alfo of all and every workhoufe, dillhoufe, ftorehoufe, houfes and warehoufe, or other place, by him, her, or them ufed for the warehoufes, preparing, diddling, or keeping, wa(h, low wines, or fpirits;;

anc* *n entl7 (hall infert the day when he, (he, or they, begin to (hall intend to begin firft to brew any corn or grain, or to work ;  mix any other materials for the making of wafh to be diddled

and is from into low wines in order to extrad fpirits for exportation ; and at^rwardTto afterwarc^s fr°m time t0 time, during the continuance of give due no- foch entry, give or leave notice in writing at the faid office of tice to the excife, or with the officer of excife for the divifion or place proper officer, where fuch fpirits are intended to be made, four hours at the

leaft

tySi.] Anno fecundo Gborgii III.  if

leait before he, (he, or they (hall begin any fuch fubfequent before he (halt brewing or mixing ; and (hall infert in fuch notice the hotfr !^/-n anyt When he, (he, or they (hall intend to begin; and (hall alfo, from Yimeto time, during the continuance ofluch entry, give or leave and a like ncA Mice in writing at the (aid excife office, or with the (aid officer tice before he excife, four hours at the lead before arty wafh is pumped up, ftal1 PumP gr othefwife conveyed into the dill or dills, and (hall infert ill %ch notice the hour when he, (he, or they, (hall intend to be- ftjuf gin: and if he, (he, or they (hall negledl or refufe to malce fuch entry as aforefaid, or (hall not infert in fuch erftry the day whenf lie, (he, or they (hall intend fird to brew arty corrt or grain, or to mix any other materials for the making of wafh as aforefaid,' or to give fuch refpedlive notices as aforefaid, or to Infert in fuch notices refpe<5tively the hour when he, (he, or they (hall intend to begin his, her, or their refpeCtive operation as aforefaid; every fuch didiller and didillers, for every fuch offence, (hall forfeit and lofe the fum 6f one hundred pounds: and if, after DifHHer not fuch entry fo made, fuch didiller or didillers (hall not begin and proceed to brew, or mix his materials as aforefaid, on the day tfay° mentioned in fuch entry, or within four hours next afterwards; and hotfrs or having given fuch notice or notices as aforefaid^ (hall n6t mentioned in begin and proceed in fuch refpeCtive operations at the hour,  an<J

and time or times, mentioned in fuch refpedtive notices, or in  n°*

two hours next afterwards; then every fuch entry and notice is to’make a fhaD be, and is and are hereby declared to be, mill and voidj frefh entry, and every fuch didiller and didillers (hall be obliged to make a and give trefli Srdh and like entry, or to give a ffe(h and like notice or noticed as aforefaid : and in cafe any fuch didiller or didillers (hall begiii therein ? to brew any com of grain, 6r td mix arty materials for the pur- on penalty of pofe aforefaid, or (hall pump up or otherwife convey, or caufe xo°^ or fufferto be pumped up of otherwife conveyed, any wi(h into the dill or ftills, without making fuch frefltentry, in cafe the fird be-* N6Jl£ • P* . ame void, or giving fuch frelh notice or notices refpe&ively, in may^nteror cafe fuch fird notice or rtotices (hall refpe&ively become void: give notice, then, and in every fuch cafe, fuch didiller and didillers fo of- wh'ofe walh-fending, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of will not One hundred pounds.  e™lon” am?

VIII. Provided always, that nothing herein Contained (hall fbe fpirit of extend to permit or authorize arly didiller or didillers to enter of low wine-ftilf give notice of his intention to make (pints for exportation, whofe 8o* fi^n*, Vrafh-ftill will not contain onC thoufarid fik hundred gallons', and the fpirit or low wine-dill eight hundred gallons; neither jnto (hall any didiller or didillers be intituled or permitted to didil (pints all the (pints for exportation, although he may have made an entry as a?d *?w aforefiid, unlefs he, (he, or they (hall aCtuaHy have diddled into fpirits all the wafh and low wines in his, her, or their cuf- home con-tody or pofleflion for the making of fpirits for home eonfump- fumption +S don, at lead forty eight hours before the day mentioned in fuch hours before fcntry.  the day men-

IX And it is hereby further enadled by the authority afore- *ntry!

Vol. XXV4,  C  faid,

*  j

i8  Anno  fecundo  GeoRGII  III.  {1761.

When the That when any fuch diftiller or diftillers (hall be defirous of di-Mling any fpirits for home confumption, and (hall have a<5hi-5ts for ex-^ ally diftilled into fpirits all the wa(h, low wines, and feints, in portation (hall his, her, or their cuftody or pofleflion, for the making of fpi-diitilied, rits for exportation, and fuch fpirits (hall be locked up in the ritflockeSa 'varc^ou^e as herein after is dire&ed; he, (he, or they, may the diftiSer*^* vvhhdraw his, her, or their entry for exportation, and mall be may withdraw at liberty to make a fre(h and like entry for making fpirits for his entry for home confumption; and at the expiration of fix days after fuch exportation, entry macJe> it (hall and may be lawful for filch diiiiller and di-try a*newCfbr fleers to begin to brew or mix materials for walh to be diftilled home con- into fpirits for home confumption: and if any fuch diftiller or fhm^tion, aad diftillers (hall begin to brew or mix materials for wafh to be withm 6 days diflilled into fpirits for home confumption, without having made operations ac- ^ch entl7> or contrary to any of the directions of this claufc, he cordingly; (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of two and it he a&s hundred pounds.

c®ntr^7tcr X. And, for the preventing of frauds, which diftillers for ex-tions be7or- Portati°n may commit, by privately removing and concealing feits 100I. the walh, low wines, or ipirits : and in order that the officer Walh for fpi- may obtain true gauges of the fame; it is hereby further en-rits forexpor- a<fted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid pumped taT twenty day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and into the (till fixty two, no walh that (hall be brewed or mixed for the exact the prefence trading fpirits for exportation, (hall be pumped up into the dill •fan officer; or fti]ls, or otherwife removed from the back or veflel wherein wbes^mm-*- ^ame was fermentec^ but *n the prefence of an officer of ex-diately run off on any pretence whatfoever ; and all and every fuch di-into an enter- ftiller and diftillers (hall, and is and are hereby required to run, ed veffel, and or draw off his, her, or their low wines immediately from the Lau^ed^and1 Ml, into an entered veflel or veffels only, and to continue a proper cask them therein, fo that the officers of excife may take a true gauge entered and of fuch low wines ; and (uch diftiller and diitillers (hall each of

gauged, iiif- them provide a proper cask, which (hall be duly entered and ficient to con- gaUgec^ jnt0 which the fpirits (hall run immediately from the ektraftec^ isS MI 5 which cask (hall be fufticient to contain the whole proto beprovid- duce of fpirits to be extracted from each (till when made up to ed; and when the proper ftrength fuch ipirits are required to be; and wnen the whole is tjle  quantity  of  fpirits  (hall  be  colle&ed  in  fuch  cask  from

fpirits are to eac^ ftill, all and every fuch diftiller and diftillers (hall, and is be ipade proof and are hereby required immediately to make up fuch fpirits^ in the pre- in the prefence of the officer of excife, to the ftrength of one to fence of the ft* uncjer hydrometer proof; and a true gauge of fuch fpirits fo made up (hall then be taken by the officer of excife, who (hall keep an exa<ft account thereof; and fuch fpirits, and every part thereof, (hall immediately afterwards be put into casks, and fe-cured in the prefence of the officer of the excife, in a warehoufe or warehoufes to be provided and duly entered at the proper office of excife, and kept for that purpofe by and at the expence and approved of fuch diftiller and diftillers, which fpirits (hall be kept there warehoufe, feparate and apart from all fpirits made for home confumption *

and

officer, and

gauged by im; and afterwards put in casks, and fecured in his jjj-efcnce in iome entered

Anno fccurido Georgii Ilf.

19

and no fpirits for home confumption fhall be put into the feme under three warehoufe; and filch warehoufe and warehoufes (hall be fecured j°cks *ndr under three locks and three keys to each warehoufe into Which the (aid fpirits fhal! be carried; one of thofe locks to be provi- for homecon-tfed by fuch diftiller, and the other two locks to be provided by fumption, the fiirveyor, fupervifor, or officer of excife, of the divifion or place where the feid fpirits rtiall be locked up, at the expence of fach diftiller; whereof one key of each place fhall be kept oy fiich diftiller, and another by fuch furveyor or fupervifor, and the third by fuch officer of excife, until the feme fpirits fhall be y jci]VCred delivered out for rectification, or afterwards for exportation : out for rec. which warehoufe and warehoufes, fhall be made well and fuf- tification or fidendy fecure to the fatisfaCtion and approbation of the refpec- exportation l thre furveyors or fupervifors of excife for the time being, in whofe divifion or diftriCt any fuch warehoufe or warehoufes fhall be fituate, whofe approbation thereof, fhall be fignified in writing, under the hands of fuch furveyors or fupervifors 5 and the rapeftive furveyors or fupervifors, are hereby required to at- an(j tj,c fur. tend, on reafonable notice to them given by the refpe&ive di- veyors are to (fillers in order to view the fame: and if any diftiller or diftilkrs Vlew, and fign for exportation fhall, contrary to the directions of this aCt, pump up into the ftill or ftills, or otherwife remove any fuch ^ war£. wafh as aforefeid, from the back or veflel wherein the fame was houfes. fermented, but in the prefence of an officer of excife, or fhall Diftiller a£-not ran off, or caufe to be run off, his, her, or their low wines ^^ontray immediately from the ftill into an entered veffel or veflels only, r£&i0ns, or fhall not continue the fame in fuch entered veflel or veflels, fo that the officers of excife may take a true gauge of ftich low wines, or fhall negleCt or refufe to provide a proper cask into which the fpirits fhall run immediately from the ftill as afore-feid, or to enter fuch cask, or fhall run off any fpirits, from the ftill into any cask, except fuch cask herein before directed to be provided, or ihall, when the whole quantity of fpirits (hall be collected as aforefeid, negleCt or refufe immediately to make up, in the prefence of the officer of excife, fuch fpirits to the ftrength of one to fix under hydrometer proof; or fhall by any ways or means prevent, hinder or obftruCt the officer of or 0bftruCHng excife, from taking a gauge or gauges of the w&fh, low wines, the officer in * or fpirits, or to take a femple or lamples of them, or any of the gauging, them, or to try the proof of the fpirits (which gauges, femples, t*k’,n8 ,*m“ and trials of proof they are hereby impowered to take and make, oAry-as often as the commiflioners of excife for the time being fhall i£g the proof, diretft, and which femples fhall be returned by the officers of &c. excife, to the refpeCtive traders when the commiflioners of ex-tifc fhall find it expedifcrit to give directions for that purpofe) or fhall negleCt or refufe, immediately after the fpirits are fo made up to the ftrength aforefeid, to put fuch fpirits into casks, and fecure the feme, in the prefence of the officer of excife, in a warehoufe or warehoufes according to the directions of this aCt, or fhall negleCt or refufe to provide and keep a warehoufe or warehoufes for that* purpofe, or to fecure the feme weH and

Cz  fuf*

* ^OOQLe

Anno fccundo Georgii III.

[1761.

or if he (hall open any of tne locks in the abfence of the officer.

or make any way into fuch warehoufe.

or alter the condition thereof without giving notice to the furveyor,

and his con-fen t be firft had ;

or (hall clan-deltinely re* move any of the (pints}

or waft, or low wines, &c.

lhall forfeit cool.

Spirits made for exportation may be fent by the maker to the diftiller, bond being firft given for the due exportation thereof, and leave aifo had from the commif-fioners, and notice given to the officer.

fiifficiently, according to the directions of this aft, or to provide and keep fuch warehoufe and warehoufes with locks and key! for fecuring fuch fpirits for exportation as aforefaid, or to erttej fuch warehoufe or warehoufes for that purpofe at the proper office of excife, or (hall make ufe of any warehoufe or warehoufe! or other place or places for keeping fpirits for exportation, before the lame (hall have been firft approved of, according to th< directions of this aft, or (hall put into or keep in, fuch warehoufe, or warehoufes, any fpirits made for home confumption or if any fuch diftiller or diftillers, or any other perfon or per-fons whatfoever by his, her, or their order, privity, connivance, or direction, after any fuch fpirits (hall have been locked up and fecured in any warenoufe or warehoufes for keeping fpirits for exportation, mall open any of the locks or doors in the abfencc of the proper furveyor or fupervifor and officer of excife, or fhall make any way or kind of entrance into any fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, or (hall remove any part whatever of the partition between any warehoufe or warehoufes for keeping fpirits for exportation, and any other place or places whatfoever next thereunto adjoining, or (hall, after any fuch warehoufe or warehoufes fhall have been fo approved of as aforefaid, make any addition to, or any way alter the fame, without notice firft given to the proper furveyor or fupervifor of excife of fuch intended addition to, or alteration in, fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, and his confent in writing firft had and obtained for the fame; or fhall remove any of the faid fpirits from any locked warehoufe or warehoufes to any other warehoufe or warehoufes for keeping fpirits for expoxtation before the fame be taken out either for immediate reftification or to be immediately put on (hip-board, and exported to parts beyond the feas; or mall, by any art, contrivance, or device whatfoever, remove, convey away, or conceal, or caufe, procure, or fuffer to be removed, conveyed away, or concealed, any of the wafh, or low wines for making fpirits for exportation, or any fuch fpirits whether raw or reftified, either before the fame are put into the warehoufe or warehoufes, or afterwards; then, and in each and every fuch cafe, fuch diftiller and diftillers for every fuch offence, (lull forfeit and lofe the fum of five hundred pounds.

XL Provided always. That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend to hinder any maker of fpirits for exportation from fending fuch fpirits out of his locked up warehoufe to any other diftiller, provided fuch maker of fpirits fending the fame, and the diftiller who (hall receive the fame, do, before fuch fpirits are taken out of the warehoufe, give bond with fufficient fecurity, to be approved of as any other fecurity is direfted by this aft to be approved, in double the value of fuch fpirits, and double the duties they would have been liable to, if made for home confumption, for the due and fair exportation of fuch fpirits, within thiee months next after the date of each refpeftive bond, and provided leave for that purpofe be firft .obtained in writing

* ......... '  from

“

17^I0 Anno fecundo Georgii III.  21

from the commiiConers of excife for the time being, and that notice thereof fhall have been given to the officer of excife, twenty four hours at the leaft, in order that fuch officer may receive the fame into fuch diftiller’s ftock; and provided fuch and Co as the Ipirits be removed with a proper certificate from an officer of fame be re-excife 5 and when fuch fpirit, (hall be fo received by fuch di-ftiller, the fame (hall be under the like directions as to the rec- &c#  *

tificadon and exportation thereof, and all other matters and and diftiller is things, as if fuch fpirits had been rectified and exported by the thereafter li-' maker thereof; and fuch diftiller (hall, for breach of any of a^to thofe directions, be fubjeCt to the like penalties as the maker of tfeTfc^breaeh iuch fpirits would have been for the like offences.  of direCticms,

XII. And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority afore- as the maker laid. That from and after the faid twenty firft day of January',  have

one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two, no raw unreCtified fpi- cn* rits, (hall be permitted to be exported; and when any fuch di- Raw, unreo ftiller or diftillers, for exportation, (hall be defirous to take any tified (pints of his, her, or their fpirits, out of any of the faid warehoufes,  to

where the fame (hall be locked up, in order to be rectified, or ** cxpo when rectified, and again depofited in fuch warehoufe or ware- Diftiller to houfes, in order to be put immediately on (hip-board for ex- give due no. partition, he, (he, or they, (hall thereof give notice in writing to to the furveyor or fupervilor, or the officer of excife of the di- ^henany fpi? vifion or diftnCt where fuch fpirits (hall be fo locked up, the rits are m-F fpace of four hours before the time he, (he, or they (hall de- tended to be fign to take out the fame as aforefeid, and (hall alio infert in taken out of the feid notice, the precife day and hour of fuch day, when he, houf^YiTor-(he, or they, (hall or do intend taking any of the faid fpirits out der to be rec* of the feid warehoufe or warehoufes, and (hall alfo infert in tilled, or (hip-fbch notice the quantity and quality of fpirits he, (he, or P*jf0,1 boaj^ they, do then defire to take out, and whether fuch fpirits are tion^c.^* raw or rectified, and out of what particular warehoufe, and whether the fame are for rectification and by whom, or for immediate exportation, or to be fent coaftways, and to whom and to what port, and whether for mcrchandife or (lores ; and in and the officer fuch cafe the refpeCtive furveyor or fupervifor, or officer, is an^take^ and are hereby required to attend purfuant to fuch notice at account the respective places where the feid fpirits (hall be locked up, thereof \ and fee the quantity of fpirits taken out in purfuance of fuch notice, and he or they are hereby required to take an exaCl ac- and diftiller count of the feme; and in cafe any fuch diftiller or diftillers, not keeping (hall not begin and proceed to take the faid fpirits out of the faid t0 h|* tI"'e* warehoufe or warehoufes, at the hour and time mentioned in fuch 5 cftl notice, or within two hours next after, then every fuch notice (hall be, and is hereby declared to be void, and fuch diftiller or diftillers lhall be, and is hereby obliged to give a frdh and like notice in manner aforefeid, four hours at the leaft before he, (he, or they, (hall begin to take any of the faid fpirits out of the faid and falling in warehoufe or warehoufes: and in cafe any fuch diftiller or di- p^cuiar* ftiHer$ (hall negleCt or refufe to give fuch firft notice, before he bcre Squired, takes out any of the feid fpirits, or to infert in fuch notice the forfeits tool.

C 3  par-

%2

Raw (pints taken out, in puriiiance of notice, are to be forthwith put into the

Anno fecundo Georoii HI. £ 1761.

particulars in fuch notice herein before required, or to give a frelh notice in manner aforefaid, four hours at the lead before he, (he, or they, (hail begin to take out any of the faid fpirits, in cafe he, (he, or they fhall not begin, and proceed to take out the faid fpirits at the hour and time mentioned in- the laid.

iu the of- notice, or within two hours next afterwards, fuch diftiller

deers prefence, and resided, and run off into the fpirit casks and then made up proofand

or diftillers (hall, in every fuch cafe, for -every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,That when any raw fpirits (hall be (b taken out, in purfuance of fuch notice, the fame (hall be immediately pumped up, or put, in the prefence of the officer of excife, into the ftill or ftills, and be resided forthwith, ai)d the fpirits (hall be run off immedi-S^ged 5 ately from the ftill into a like calk as is before dire&ed to be wardTtoVe^ ProvWed and entered for the containing of fpirits immediately put into casks, diftilled from low wines -9 and when the whole quantity of fpi^ and (hipped rits defigned to be made into brandy (hall be colle&cd m fuch calk from each ftill, the fame (hall be immediately made up in the prefence of the officer of excife to the ftrehgth of one to fix under hydrometer proof, at which ftrength all fpirits are to be exported, and a true gauge of fuch fpirits fo made up, (hall then be taken by the officer of excife, who (hall keep .an exad account thereof; and fuch fpirits £hall immediately afterwards be put into casks, and, in the prefence of the officer of excife, either carried direftly on (hip-board for exportation (if intend-feme day, and to be immediately exported) or tlfe into fuch warehoufe or thc warehoufes, to be looked up in manner aforefaid. warenouie, XIV# provided always, and it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe it (hall at any time fo happen, that the fpirits diftilled for exportation in one day belonging to any diftiller or diftillers, cannot, for want of time, be conveyed from the fpirit cask (into which they are direded to be run imme-t diately from the ftill) and locked up in the warehoufe or ware-houfes, as herein before is direded, the officer of excife (hall gauge the fame and fecure the lid of the (aid fpirit cask, and take fern-pies thereof; which fpirits (hall be locked up in fuch warehoufe or warehouses the next morning (if not intended for immediate exportation): and if it (hall appear that any decreafe has been

for exportation, or Secured in proper wajne-houfes. Where the fpirits can't be conveyed from the fpirit cask the

the officer is to gauge the feme, and take Camples thereof, and fecure the lid of the cask; and if any fraud (hail thereupon be committed, the diftiller

Any ol fa? a (pints originally in-

(hall pay

An* of the CS ma<*e *n quantity or quality of the faid fpirits fo gauged, op ny 0 e in cafe any fuch fpirits (ball have been removed in tne abfehec of the officer of excife, in either of the faid cafes the diftiller or diftillers (hall be and are hereby charged for the faid fpirits fo decreafed or removed, with double the duties fuch fpirits would have been charged with if made for home confumption 5 which the officer of excife is hereby required to charge accordingly.

XV. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any fuch diftiller or diftillers, after he,(he,orthcy have depofited any fpirits made for exportation (whether raw or rectified) in manner aforefaid, in fuch warehoufe or warehoufe*, (hall be defirous of ufing any fuch fpirits for home confumption, ufeft tor home foall fignify fuch his, her, or their defirc to the commif-confumption.  67  fionprs

tended tor exportation, may, upon application to the comini dioners, and payment of the duties, be taken out of the ware-boufes, and

v^ooQle

iT^iJ Anno icamdoGEORGII III.  *j

fianers of excife for the time being, it (hail ana IT.djr be lawful for the Cud commiflior^ir^ or any two of them, to diredt the oi ipintf £ aefired to be taken out of fuch warehoufe or warehoufe*, and delivered to fuch diftiller or diftillers, he, foe, or they having ftrft duly paid to the proper officer of excife appointed to receive the duties on low wines and fpirits, the fern of forty pounds, and ten (hillings, for each tun of fuch Spirits of the ftrength they w^re taken into fuch warehoufe ; w-de&uty one to fix under hydrometer proof.

XYL And for the purpofes of this’acft, it is hereby enadted by A gallon of the authority afore(aid,That each gallon of brandy, or fpirits 0f bra“dy* or ' the ftrength pf one to fix under hydrometer proof, fhall be ta- r^on-ken and reckoned at feven pounds and thirteen our.ces the cd at 7 ib. 13 gaDoo.  07,. the gallon.

XVIL, And it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority afore- Tbe/;1™* Cad, That from and after the faid twenty firft day of January», ^eaifie^fpi-one thottCmd feven hundred and fixty two, when any quantity rits is to be of raw fpirits (hall, in purfuance of any notice, be delivered out produced, as of the warehoufe or warehoufes, in order to rectify the fame, as was delivered muiy gallons of redtified fpirits, and of the fame ftrength when 2^° to be made up, (hall be. produced, as fuch quantity amounted to rectified, when taken out of the. warehoufe or warehoufes, allowing allowing for only for the feints; and the compiiffioners of excife for the feints, time being are hereby authorized and required to make juft al-lowmnces for neoefTary wafte, and the difference that will arife for wafte* aitd between gauging and weighing fpirits; which feints fhall alfo the difference be run off from the dill dire&ly into one large entered feint between gwi-eafk, and fhall be immediately gauged as foon as the ftill is off, SSIwne and an account thereof taken by the officer of excife, and kept S in flock by him, who fhall anti may take a fample or famples Feints to be of fuch feints; which feints fhall be in like manner locked up h*11 off into in fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, and fhall be there put into ^^^1^ one or snore large cafk$ to be provided by fuch diftiller or diftil- gauged" and lers, and marked with the wotd feints; and every fuch diftiller kept inftock, and d&iUers fhall, once a month at leaft, diftil all his feints, and fecuredj and make up the fpirits to be produced therefrom of the ftrength of one to fix under hydrometer proof; and all fuch officer* y fpirits fhall then be locked up, or exported as other fpirits for and to’ be all exportation are hereby directed to be.  diftiiled ones

XVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- ? ™onth»at, faid. That from and after the faid twenty firft day of January, made Into one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two, in order the more proof fpirits; effedually to prevent fuch diftillcrs from fraudulently removing and then wafh, low wines, or fpirits, if any decreafe fhall at any time Iockc<1 lT’ or times appear to be found in the wafh of any diftiller or  to

diftillers, brewed or made for the diftilling of fpirits for ex-pay double portation (except fuch decreafe as fhall be made appear to the duty, for any fatisfa&ion of the commiflioners of excife for the time being, fraudulent to have really and truly arifen from accidents) fuch diftiller or diftillers fhall be, and is and are hereby charged with a double rits for ex-duty for the quantity of low wines and fpirits fuch wafh fo de- portation,

C 4.  created-

*4

Anno fecundo GeoRGH 111.

[1761.

£0 bejcomput- created Is prefumed to make: and the officers of excife are ,ed according hereby required in fuch cafe, to make fuch charge accordingly, ty fuch^wafli1' calculating fuch wa(h fo found to be decreased, to proilCC would make of fame quantity of low wines and fpirits as walh is prefumed )ow wines to do when fpirits are made for home confumptionz and if and fpirits for any decreafe (hall at any time or times appear m the ftock of fu^ption”* fpirits made for exportation, belonging to any fuch diftiller and to pay or diftillers except (uch as can or may be accounted for by the double duty, certificates of the proper officer or officers either as being exin like min- po^d as merchandife, or for (lores, or as being taken out for foudufent^e- "omc confujnption, on payment of duties by the confent of creafe io hjs ” commiffioners of excite, or by any allowance the faid com-miffioners (hall have made to any Kioh diftiller or diftillers, for or by yeafon of wade, or any difference which may have arifen between gauge and weight, or by being fent coaftways for exportation, or by being fent, witn the confent of the commiffioners of excite, to any other diftiller, in order to be Verified for exportation, every fuch diftiller and diftillers (hafl be charged, and the officers of excife are hereby required to charge him, her, or them, for alj the fpirits fo found to be decreafed and not properly accounted for, with double the duties fuch fpirits would have been charged with if made for home confumption : and the morie effectually to prevent fuch diftillers from working in the abfence of the officers of excife, every fuch diftiller and diftillers is and are hereby required to permit the officer of exdfe to fecure the head and heads of his, her, or their (till or (tills, when fuch (till or (tills, are not at

flock of /pi-X*its made for exportation.

/Officer to fecure the (till jutd other veflels from being fraudu lently made jufe of in his abfence ?

work, and alfo the pump car pumps for charging the (till or

ftills, and emptying the low wine and fpirit calk, (b as to prevent the fame being ufed in the abfence of the officer, and and the (pirits alfo to fecure the lid or head of the low wine and fpirit calks, from being fe- and the fafe at the end of the worm? to prevent any fpirits freted.  or j0w wines being Accreted, whilft the (till is at work, all

'which the faid officers are hereby impowered to do.

xix; And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That when fpirits made for exportation (ball be delivered out of any warehouse or warehouses fo fecured as aforefaid to be feat coaftways (with a certificate from the proper officer) in order for exportation to foreign parts from any port of this kingdom, the diftiller or diftillers out of whofe warehoufe fuch fpirits were delivered, (haft, on taking out the fame, give bond, with fuf-ficlent fecurity, to his Majcfty, his heirs, and fucceflors, to be ng tncre- approved of by the refpeCtive commiffioners of excife for the of in the pm t time1 being, or any three of them, or by fitch perfon or perfons Where entered as they (hall, from time to time, appoint for that purpofe, in double the value of the fpirits, and double the duties which are payable for the like fpirits diftilled for home con-fumptioji, that the fame fpirits and every part thereof, (hall (fthe danger of the feas and enemies excepted) be really and truly landed in fuch port of this kingdom, for which the feme (half be entered; and fuch bonds fo entered into, (hall not be (difeharged or be delivered up until a certificate (hall be produced

from

On delivery of fpirits to He fent coaftways,* with certificate for exportation, the diftiller is to give bond and fecurity for the due landing there-

h

1761-] Anno fecundo Georgii III/  25

5rom the chief officer Qf CXcife of the port for which fucH fpi- Bonds not to cits were entered, teftifying the landing thereof, and deferibing he difcharcjed. Si£ ntautoer ot ihe calks or other package containing the fpirits, £atca and the particular marks of fuch calks 6r package, and the tioned to be exaeft quantity of fpirits landed; and alfo teftifying that the returned in £ er, mate, purfer, or other perfon, having the charge of fldp or veflel during the voyage in which the laid fpirits  proper a?

: felt coaftways, had made oath before him that the faid ficer ot the (pints, and every part thereof were fairly landed there, and landing the that at the time of landing they were of the fame quality as .ianjc accord-when (hipped on board, and that no part of fuch fpirits had $oath^e-" been wilfully or fraudulently diminifhed, relanded, or unfhip- jng made by' ped, fince the lame were put on board (which oath the faid the mailer ‘ respective officers of excife are hereby impowered to adminifler) that the fan# and alfo teftifying that the fame fpirits, and every part thereof, JJ^ed Swe'’ were really and truly, fince their arrival there, exported from without any ’ thence to foreign parts; and the condition of all fuch coaft bonds fraud in the! fhaUbe, to produce fuch certificate in fix months from the date quantity or tbemf; and fuch fpirits fo to be fent coaftways, when landed • thc at the port for which they were entered, (hall be, immediately p *  '

on the landing thereof, put into a proper warehoufe, and there and proof that continued until the fame (hall be exported, and (hall be fecured ^cberti by the perfon to whom they are fent, and by the faid chief ported from " officer or excife, by two different locks and keys, one of which thence to fo-" feat keys (hall be kept by the faid perfon, afid the other by the reiSn P^8» (aid officers; which warehoufe lock and keys (hall be provided^nd the fai-. by the perfons to whom the fpirits were fent; and all m afters, rks, on their commanders, and other perfons, belonging to any (hip or vefly carrying goods coaftways, whb (hall affift or connive at aproprr the fraudulent landing, embezzeling, or diminiihing, any fpirits warehoufe * fent coaftways, and all other perfons affifting or otherwife con- till exported* cemed in the unfhipping the fame, or to whole hands the Mailers, ank feme (hall knowingly come, are hereby dedared to be fubject others, 0011-. and liable to all the like pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as are cerned in the inflicted by any former ad or ads of parliament for enforcing fraudulent the fair exportation of fpirits to foreign parts .  embezzeluig

XX. And for the further encouragement of the exportation of fpirits lent6 fpirits made or drawn \r\Great Britain from corn, beitenadedby coaftways, are the authority $forefaid, That from and after the twenty firft day t0 *** of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two, there *a * *  -

(hall be a bounty of three pounds and twelve (hillings for every 3j tun of fpirits fo drawn or made in Great Britain from corn which tun, is allow* (hall be exported as merchandize to parts beyond the teas; and ed on all upon oath being made before any two or more of the commif- <Pint# (Johersof excife, or juftices of the peace for the county or place ^n>eluwlrt-from whence any fuch fpirits are intended to be exported, that ed as* mer-^ die fame were drawn and made in Great Britain from corn under chandife to the regulations of this act, and not mixed with any other mate- foreign parts > rids, except what were neceflary for rectifying the fame; and 0J-n£ that fince the making thereof tne fame have been properly fe- dueconformi-cWed in a warehoufe or warehoufes according to the directions ty to the re-

0f galationt of this act j vjOOQ 1C

±6  Anno fecufido Georgxi III*

and acertifi- ofthisltf; and that the fame :.re to be exported for merchan-cate produced jjzc t0 fp^ beyond the feas; and upCS producing a certiii-_f__rate under the hand or hands of the officer or officers of

per officer'of cate under the hand or hands of the officer or 1 the quantity for the port or place where fuch fpirits were (hipped, of the quan-fhipped, tides fo (hipped, and that the fame were (hipped in the prefencc of fuch officer or officers, the dillilier or diftillers (hall be paid by the commiffioners of excife, or their collector for the port or place where fuch fpirits (hall be (hipped, the faid bounty of three pounds twelve (hillings for every tun of fuch fpirits to (hipped off; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity.

Spirits (kipped XXI. And whereas fpirits (nipped for (lores are frequently for (tore concealed from the fight of the officers of excife, under pretence flowed? *  of the lame being put or placed beneath other goods, which gives

while the  an opportunity to defraud the revenue; be it therefore enabled

veflel is in by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the laid twenty port, that the firft day Gf January, one thoufand Ieven hundred and fixty two,

ers may aji rnru  (ball  he  (binned  fhr  ftnrps  fhalL  durina the time

all fuch fpirits as (haH be (hipped for flores (hall, during the time the fhip or veflei is or (hall be within the limits of any port of this kingdom, be openly (lowed and kept fo that the officers of excife may at any time examine the fame, on pain of forfeiting the double duty of all fuch (lores which (hall not be fo flowed and kept, or produced and (hewn to the officers of excife; which faid double duty (hall be charged by the officers of excife for fuch flores which (hall not be fo (lowed, and kept or produced and (hewn, according to the rate fuch fpirits would have been charged with, if made for home confumption ; and which charge (hall be paid by the mailer of the (hip or veflei on board of which fuch (lores were (hipped: and when any fpirits made for expor-bcSyen?cer- lat*on ^all be entered for exportation to Ireland, or his Majefty’s Silicate* pro- plantations in America, or to any other parts beyond the feas in Europe, or to any parts beyond the feas in Africa, the exporter or exporters thereof, when the whole quantity of fpirits intended at that time to be exported (hall be (hipped, (hall immediately give and enter into fuch and the like bonds for the due and fair portation of exportation of fuch fpirits, and produce fuch certificates within fpirits, by the the refpe<ftive times, and make fuch proofs as were refpc&ively uGwH^ required to be given, entered into, produced and made, by * * the faid herein in part recited ad of the thirty third year of the reign of his faid late Majefly King George the Second, on the exportation of fpirits to the refpedive places before-mentioned, excepting as in purfuance of the diredions of that ad; except only that the to the penalty penalty in every bond fo to be entered into in purfuance of this act, (hall be double the value of the fpirits entered for expor-r tation, and double the duties fuch fpirits ought to have paid, if they had been made for home confumption ; and until fuch bond (hall be entered into by the exporter or exporters, the diftiller or diftillers, from whofe warehoufe fuch fpirits were fent, fhall be and are hereby charged for fuch quantity of fpirits fo (hipped for exportation, with double the duties fuch filler is lia- fpirits would have been charged with if made for home coa-ble to the fumption; and fuch charge ihall not be difeharged until fuch double duties. r  &  2  bond

examine the fame, on forfeiture of double duty; to be paid by the mailer. On entry of foirits made for exportation for Ireland, America, Africa, or parts in Europe, like bonds are to be given, cei tificate* produced, and proofs made, as are required In fimilar cafes on ex-

which is to be double the value, and double the duties, and till bond is entered into •by the exporter, the

1761.3

Anno fcomdo Georoii III;

*7

bond {hail be entered into: And when any Britijb made or Bonds, See. for foreign fpirits fhall be entered* for exportation to any parts be- fcr^jntcrc<* yond the feas in AJia* the exporter or exporters thereof, when or ia* the whole quantity of fpirits intended at that time to be exported fhaii be lhippea, (hall immediately give and enter into a bond to be of like of the like tenor arid condition* with the like fecurity, and Condition make the like proof as was required to be given, entered into, Jith thofe re-aod made, by the faid herein in part recited aA, on the erpor- quired by the tation of fpiots to parts beyond the feas in Africa* in purfbance recked a ft for of the directions of that aA; except only that the penalty in [PlnJ?entered every bond fo to be entered into in purfbance of this a A, mall or rlca* be double the value of the fpirits entered for exportation, and^**!**8  '

doable the duties fuch fpirits ought to have been charged with, thc * if they had been made or ufed for home confumption; and anduntilbond until fiich bond (hall be entered into by the exporter or expor- isenter'dinto, tere, the diftfller or diftillers, from whofe warehoufefuch fpirits j, fiable to the were lent, (hall be and are hereby chaiged for fuch quantity duties, &c. of fpirits fo (hipped for exportation, with double the duties fiich /pints would have been chaiged with, if made for home consumption $ and fuch charge frail not be difeharged until fuch bond (hall be entered into; and alfo except that the proof of the due exportation of fuch fpirits (hall not be required to be made till the end of three years from the date of fuch ref-peftire bond ; and ah and every perfon and perfons authorized by the laid in part recited aA to adminifter any oath or oaths oaths jn ti?dc ia any ways relating to the due] exportation of fpirits under cafes, the fame the dure&ions of that aA, (hall be and are hereby impowered af under the' to adminifter the Kke oaths for the purpofes of this aA.  recited aA.

XXII.  And it is hereby further enaAed by the authority afore* Penalty of ob*

£ud, That if any diftiller ordiftillers, or any other perfon or per*  an

(bos (hall obftruA, molcft, let, or hinder any officer of excife, in •  *  ,  /* 1  \  # •  /•  ^xccuDon or

the due execution of the powers or authorities, or any of hi, duty, iooU

them, given by this aA, all and every perfon and perfons fo

offending, fhall for every filch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum

of one hundred pounds.

XXIII.  And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid, T^c power*. That all and every the powers, authorities, direAions, rules, ScCma"* ~ methods, penalties, and forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, claufes, See. in which in and by an aA made in the twelfth year of the reign aft it Car. *. of king Charles the Second, intituled. An aft for taking away w many other the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in Capite, and by knights fa^foixe jcrvice and purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon his Majejiy extended to in lieu thereof) or by any other law now in force, relating to this aft.

his Majefly’s revenue of excife upon .beer, ale, or other liquors, are provided, fettled, or eftablifhed, for fecuring, enforcing, managing, raifing, levying, collefting, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or afcertaining, the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punching, frauds relating thereto, or in any wife relating to the due and fair exportation of fpirits to foreign parts (not otherwise altered by this act) fhall be exercifed, practifcd, applied

18  Anno fecundo Georgii III. \ij6t.

plied, ufed, impofed, levied, recovered, and put in execution > for the fecuring, enforcing, managing, railing, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, adjudging, alcertaining, and recovering the duties and penalties hereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punilhing frauds relating thereto, or in any wife relating to the due and fair exportation of fpirits to foreign parts ; as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this prefent act.

Recovery, mi- aXIV. And be it further enacted and declared by the au~ tigatiovt, and thority aforefaid. That all fines penalties, and forfeitures im-penaSel^in P°^ by this act> (hall be fued for, levied, recovered, or miti-gencral. ’ gated, by fuch ways, means, and methods as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excife (not otherwife directed by this act) or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majeft/s courts of record at tVeftminfter, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, refpectively, and that one moiety of eveiy fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Majefty, his neirs, and fuccefiors, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall difeover, inform, or fue for the fame.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforelaid; That if any perfon or perfons (hall be lued, molefted, or profe-cuted for any thing done by virtue or in purfuance of this act; General ifliie. foch perfon and perfons (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give this act and the fpecial matter in evidence, in his, her,

-  or their defence or defencesj and if afterwards a verdict (hallpafs

'  for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (nail

difeontinue his, her, or their action or actions, or be nonfuited, or judgment (hall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants Treble eoft*. (hall have treble cods awarded to him, her, or them, againft any fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs,

C A P. VI.

An act for the importation of failed beef pork, and butter, into this kingdom from Ireland, for a limited time, for the fuppiy of his Majefty*s Jhips, tranfport and other Jhips and vejfelsy in his Majefty's immediate fervice and pay.

Preamble. T?OR the more easy victualling of his Majefty's Jhips, and X1 tranfport and other Jhips and vejfcls, at this time; be it enacted ; and it is hereby enacted by the King’s mod excellent Majedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament afiem-Cpmmiffion- bled, apd by the authority of the fame, That from and after hue the navy t*ie twenty foyirth day or December, in this prefent year one and perfont thoufand feven hundred and (ixty one, it (hall and may be authorized by lawful for the commiffioners for victualling his Majedy’s navy, them# may pr for any perfon or perfons having an authority under the

bands

i.] Anno fecundo Georgii III.  29

_Jj and feals of any three or more of them, to import any felted vt of felted beef, pork, and butter, into this kingdom from ^^er iked, to be applied for the foie ufe and fupply of fuch Teamen, from Ireland, irioes, and other forces, as (hall be on board of his Majefty's for the ufe of ips, and tranfport and other (hips and veflels, in his Majefty’s the navy, mediate fervice and pay, and to and for no other ufe or pur-k whatfoever; and the faid commiffioners, and other per- hj9 Majefty’t to authorized as aforefaid, a&ing according to the true intent pay, duty-id meaning of this a<ft, (hall be, and they are hereby, ex- free, &c. fcpted from the payment of all fubfidies, cuftoms, ratef, uties, and other impofitions, and from all penalties, forfeitures, payments, and puniihments, for or upon account of importing, or bringing of falted beef, pork, and butter, into ius kingdom from Ireland, for the ufes aforefaid; any a<5t or •fts of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding : And the taking care fcid commiffioners fhall take care that upon the importation Jb*J tbc/al”?

(vich falted beef, pork, and butter, into this kingdom from  ^

Irdal the feme, and every part thereof, (hall be depofited in ftorehoufes, hblfojefty’s ftorehoufes at or neareft the port where the fame and applied fhafl be imported, there to be under the care and infpedtion accordingly j of the proper officers having the care of his Majefty’s (lores for ^d that an rivalling lhips and veflels in his Mai eft Jr’s fervice, and (hall ^c^'therwf he applied as is hereinbefore directed; and the faid commif- an§ ^ow ^e9 ! loners (hall caufc an account to be kept of all fuch falted beef, feme is difpof-pork and butter, and how the fame is difpofed of.  cd of.

j H Provided neverthelefe. That if at anytime it (hall happen if any 0f the ! ifctf any of the faid provifions which (hall be imported under the faid provifions [ whority of this adl, (hall be, by the faid commiffioners, *h*U b*

' toed unferviceable, then it (hall and may be lawful for the able th^com-| lid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, to order and miflionersmay j dWtany perfon or perfons they (hall think proper, to fell the authorize the | fame, for the beft price or prices that can be got 5 and fuch fame to be ( perfon or perfons fo authorized to fell the fame (hall, and he fold» and they is and are hereby required to give a certificate or cer- fhc fcllcr £v“ tots in writing to the purchafer or purchafers thereof, ex-  *“

prtfling the nature and quantity of the provifions fo fold, the purchafer, of nudes of the calks, or other packages, containing the feme, the nature and and the time of felling thereof; which certificate or certificates qP*a**jy flail indemnify fuch purchafer and purchafers from all penalties, crco ’ c.* forfeitures, and puniihments, for or upon account of fuch whieh feaUm-[ falted beef, pork, or butter, fo purchafed by them as afore- p^ha£i\ * ‘ j faid.

ID. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Limitation of \ if my aftion or fuit fhall be commenced againft any perfon or actions, perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this a<$t, the defendant or defendants, in any fuch a&ion or fuit, (hall and may field the general iflue, and give this a<ft, and the fpecial matter. General iflue.

® evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the fao$ v?as done in purfuance, and by the authority, of this act:

Aadif it fhall appiar to have been fo done, the jury (hall find  4.  *

for fee defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff (hall be

nonfuited.

30

Treble cofb.

Tbit aft to be in force till 24Dec.i76*.

Preamble.

The Aim of

1,500,000!.

granted}

to be railed by loans or exchequer bills*

in like manner as loans or exchequer bills authorized by the land tax of this feilion;

AnnofecuncfoGEoftSif III. [i<

nonfutted, or difcontinue his a&ion, after the defendant or fendants (hall have appeared; or if judgment (hall l>e gr upon any verdict or demurrer, againft the plaintiff, the del dant and defendants (hall and may recover treble cofts, have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or del dants hath or have in other cafes by law.

IV. And be it further enabled by the authority afbref That this a61 (hall continue and be in force from the twenty fourth day of December, in this prefent year one th fatid (even hundred and fixty one, until the twenty fourth ef December, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thou A feven hundred and fixty two, ana no longer.

CAP. VII.

Aft aft for enabling bis Majefty to raife a certain fum money towards faying off and difcbarging the debt of j navy, and towards naval fervices for the year one the fand feven hundred and fixty two.

Moft Gracious Sovereign,

TTF7Tyour Majejly's moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the comm\ W of Great Britain in parliament affembled\ for raifing 1 fupply granted to your Majefty, towards paying off and difebargi

the debt of the navy, and alfo towards raifing the fupply granted your Majefty for naval fervices, in the year one thoufand fe&en hi dred and fixty two; have refolved to give and grant unto your Maj fiyy theJum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds; and do ther fore moft humbly b fetch your Majefty that it may be enafted; and I it enacted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with t! advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and coni mons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authoril of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for tl King’s moft excellent Majefty by warrant or warrants, undi his royal fign manual, to authorize and impower the commii fioners of his Majefty*s treafury, now or for the time bemj or any three or more of them, or the lord high treafurer fo the time being, at any time or times before the fifth day c January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty three, to caul or direCt any loans to be taken or received at his Majefty’s ex chequer, from any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bo dy or bodies politic or corporate; or any number of exchequc bills, to be made out there for any fum or fums of money, ho exceeding in loans and exchequer bills together, in the whole the faid lum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds; ii the fame or like manner, form, and order, and according tc the fame or like rules and directions as in and by an aCt of thii prefent feflion of parliament, intituled, An aftfor granting an aid U his Majefty by a land tax to be raifed in Great Britain for the fir* vice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty twoy are enacted and preferibed concerning the loans or exchequer bills to be taken or made in purfuancc of the faid adt.

n. And

t^61.] Anno fecundo GeorGII III.  31

• IL And be it further enacted by the authority.aforefaid, That and all the and every the claufes, provifoes, powers, privileges, advan- claufes and s, penalties, forfeitures, and liabilities, contained in the lalt-mentioned ad relating to the loans or exchequer bills ^trcjatin»

_ orized to be made by the fame a<ft (except fuch claufes as to the loan# charge the feme on the taxes granted by the fame ad, and or exchequer pt (uch claufes as limit the rate of intereft to be paid for the bllIV *** ■ance of money lent on the credit of the faid ad, and alfo as is herein after-mentioned) (hall be applied and extend-the loans and exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of ^ ^ ad, as hilly and effedually to all intents and purpofes as af the feme loans or exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the feid lad mentioned ad; or as if the feid feveral claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated and re-enad-td in the body of this ad.

HI. Provided always, and be it further enaded by the autho- Exchequer rity aforefeid, That no exchequer bill or bills to be m^de out by bills iflued to virtue of this ad, (hall, after the fame hath or have been iflued treafurer and paid at the exchequer, to the treafurer of his Majefty’s n»- °ot t* vy for the time being, and applied by him for the purpofes received again herein after-mentioned, be afterwards, at any time before the in payment twenty fixth day of March, one thoufend feven hundred and of fixty three, received or taken, or pafs or be current to aiw re- Eues^ ***** earn or coDedor in Great Britain, of the cuftoms, excite, or or exchanged any revenue, fupply, aid, or tax, whatfoever, due or payable before %6 id his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, or at the receipt of the bdarcbt *7$I* exchequer, from any fuch receiver or colledor, or from any o-ther perfon or .perlons, bodies politic or corporate, otherwife, or on any other account than for the difeharge and cancelling of (uch bills, in cafe the fame (hall be in due courfe or order of payment before the feid twenty fixth day of March; nor (hall any fuch receiver or colledor exchange, at any t\me before the feid twenty fixth day of March, for any money of fuch revenues, aids, taxes, or fupplies, in his hands, any exchequer bill or bills which (hall have been iflued and applied as aforefeid, by virtue of this ad; nor (hall any adion be maintained againft any fuch receiver or colledor for negleding or refufing to exchange any fuch bill orbills for ready money, before the faid twenty fixth day of March; any thing in the feid ad made in this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for granting an aid h his Majefty by a land tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for th$ ferviu of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two9 or this aft, contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.  And be it further enaded by the authority aforefeid. That The faid loans all fuch loans or exchequer bills, together with the intereft, ^exchequer premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the feme, Jo tepaid ftall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and (hall of th/ be repaid or borne by or out of the iirft aids or fupplies which firft fupplies (hall be granted in the next fefllon of parliament; and in cafe &rant*l,n the feffieient aids or fupplies, for that purpoie, (hall not be granted be- next fefiou *

fore

•  Digitized  by  

j2  Anno  fecundo  Georgii IIL  [i761-

fore the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and fixfy otherwife to three, then all the faid loans or exchequer bills, with the intereft* be chatted  premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the fame,(half

ablest be an<*ar€ hereby charged and chargeable upon fuch monies, as* the finking* at any time or times, at or after the faid fifth day of July, one thou-fund.  fand feven hundred and fixty three, (hall be or remain in the

receipt of the exchequer, of the furpluffes, excefles, overplus monies, and other revenues, compofing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund (except fuch monies of the faid finking; fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes, by any adt or adts of parliament in that behalf) and fuch monies of the faid finking fund (hall and may be iflued and applied, as foot! as the fame can be regularly ftated and afeertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and difeharging, fuch loans or exchequer bills, intereft, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them (hall be paid off, cancelled, and difeharged, or money fufficient for that purpofe to be kept and referred in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the refpedhve proprietors thereof.

Monies ifTued V. Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority a-out of the forefaid. That whatever monies (hall be fo iflued out of the faid forfurplu^s> excefles, overplus monies, or other revenues, com-pole, to be re- pofing the finking fund, (hall, from time to time, be replaced placed out of by and out of the firft fupplies to be then after granted in par-tbe firll fop- liament; anything herein contained to the contrary notwith-P*'”-  (landing.

Bank of Eng*  VI. And be it declared and further enadted by the authority

aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the governor and vanoedie &jd comPany °f the bank of England, to advance* or lend to his (am,  Majefty,  in like manner, at the receipt of the exchequer, upon

the credit of loan granted by this adt, any fum or fums of money not exceeding in the whole the fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds; any thing in an adt made in the fifth and fixth years of the reign of king William and queen m mL Mary, intituled. An aft for granting to their Majejliet Jeveral rates and duties upon tonnage of Jbips and vejfels, and upon beer, ale; and other liquors, for fecuring certain recommences and advantages in the faid aft mentioned, to fuch perfons as Jhall voluntarily advance the fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, towards carrying on the war againft France, to the contrary thereof in any wife not-wrthftanding.

The fame to VII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid* be applied, That the faid fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds* 1*000 oooI  ^ this adt granted, (hall be appropriated, and is hereby ap-

towards dif- propriated for and towards the ules and purpofes herein after-charging the mentioned ; that is to fay. That out of the faid fum, there (hall debt of the and may be iflued and applied any fum or fiilns of money not ex-na71  ,  ceeding  one million, towards paying off and difeharging the debt

towards*naval 'of the navy ; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding five fervices. hundred tnoufand pounds, towards the naval fcfviccs herein af-

tcr-

v^ooQle

1761.]  Anno fecundo Georgii III.  33

ter-mentioned; that is to fay, towards victuals, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the victualling thereof, performed, and to be performed; and towards lea fervices in the office of ordinance, performed, and to be performed ; and towards defraying the ordinary of his Majefty’s navy, and halfpay to fea officers; and towards maintaining nineteen thoufand and fixty one marines ; and towards the buildings, rebuildings, and repairs of his Majefty's (hips, for the year one thoufand {even hundred and fixty two.

CAP. VIII.

An aft f&r granting to bis Majejly federal rates and duties upon window, or lights.

Moft Gracious Sovereign,

TXT’HEREAS by an at1 made in the twentieth yedr of the reign of Preamble fe-VV his late Majeftyy intituled, An a<5t for repealing the feveral f^ng cl?ufe5 rates and duties upon houfes, windows, and lights; and for  Geo

granting to his Msgefty other rates and duties upon houfes,win- u. dows or lights, and for railing the fum of four millions four hundred thoufand pounds, by annuities to be charged on the fiud rates or duties; it was enacted, That there Jbould be charged^ rmfedy levied,, and paidy unto hit Majejly, his heirsy and fuccejjorsy the feveral rates and duties upon houfesy windowsy or lightsy in the faid act mentioned; which act was explainedy amended, and enforcedy by two other actsy one made in the fame fejfton of parliament, and the other in the twenty firjl year of the reign of his faid late Majejly:

And whereas by an act made in the thirty JirJt year of the reign of his fad late Majeftyy intituled, An aCt for granting to his Majefty fe- and 3xGe0.IL vend rates and duties upon offices and penfions, and upon houfes, and upon windows, or lights; and for railing the fum of five millions, by annuities, and a lottery, to be charged on the faid rates and duties; it was enactedy That there Jbould be (barged, raifedy leviedy and paidy unto his Majefty y bif heirs, and JiuceJforSj the feveral additional rates and duties upon houfesy win-dowsy or lightsy in the faid act mentioned: And whereas by an act of this feffion of parliament, the annuities payable in refpect of the fum of twelve millions advanced upon the credit of the faid acty are charged upon the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund; we y your Ma-jeflfs moft dutiful and loyal fubieftsy the commons of Great Britain, in parliament qffcmbledy towards making good the faid aundtiesj or yearly payments y fa charged on the faid fundy have Tifohed to give ana grant to pour Majefty the ftveral rates and duties upon windows, or lights herein after mentioned; and do moft humbly befeecb your Majefty, that it may be enafted; and be it enaCted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of tnc lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, The following That from and after the fifth day of Aprily one thoufand feven rates and du-hundred and fixty two, there (hall be charged, raifed, levied, p^Ve°from and paid, unto his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflors, the feveral after 5 rates and duties upon windows,, or lights, herein after men- April, 176s 1 tioned; that is to &y,  viz.

Vol. XXV.  D  For

vjOOQLC

Anno fccundo Gp.org n IIL

[176

I.

1 s. additional on all containing 11,

3*

at. upon ere- For every window, or light, in every dwelling-houfe In-ry window,  habited, or to be inhabited, within and throughout the whole

houifs con”  kingdom of Great Britainy which (hall contain eight or nine

taining 8 or 0 windows, or lights, and no more, the yearly fum of one (hil-windows, and ling for every window, or light, in fiich houie. no more j And for every window, or light, in every dwelling-houfe 6d. additional as aforefaid, which (hall contain ten or eleven windows, or ?ne toCor ii”" ^S^ts, and no niore, the yearly fum of fix pence for each and not more i window, or light in fuch houie; over and above, and by way of addition to, the feveral and refpedive duties chargeable thereupon, by virtue of former alts of parliament made in that behalf.

And for every window, or light, in every dwelling-houfe as aforefaid, which (hall contain twelve, thirteen or fourteen windows, or lights, and no more, the yearly fum of one (hil-notmoie  ^or cac^ w*n<*ow» or light, in fuchhoufe; over and above,

morc *  and by way of addition to, the feveral and refpedive duties

chargeable thereupon, by virtue of former ads of parliament made in that behalf.

3d. additional And for every window, or light, in every dwelling-houfe on all contain-as aforefaid, which (hall contain fifteen, fixteen, feventeea,

i^orl^and* ^S^teen, or nineteen windows, or lights, and no more, the 1 , or 13, an  fum  0f threc pence for each window, or light, in fuch

noufe; over and above, and by way of addition to, the feveral and refpedive duties chargeable thereupon, by virtue of former ads of parliament made in that behalf.

II.  And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the fatd feveral duties by this ad impofed 4within and throughout the ed and paid as faid kingdom of Great Britain, for and upon fuch windows the like du- or lights as aforefaid, (hall be raifed, levied, and colleded, and bTtberedted into his Majefty’s exchequer, for the purpofes in this ad aftsofao, *iv exprefled, in fuch and like form and manner, and with fuch and 31Ge0.II. allowances, and under fuch penalties, forfeitures, and difare dire&ed j abilities, and according to fuch rules, methods, and diredions, as are preferibed or appointed for railing, levying, colleding, and paying the duties on houfes, windows, or lights, in and by the faid feveral ads of parliament, made in the faid twentieth, twenty firft, and thirty firft years of his late Majefty’s reign, and the pow- herein before mentioned; and all and every the powers, au-*r?» thc thorities, rules, diredions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, mat-t^fepurpofeg ters> and things, rtow in force, contained in the faid four feve-extendcoto nd ads of parliament, or any of them, for the railing, levying, this.  colleding;,  and paying the rates and duties thereby granted,

(hall be in full force, and be duly obferved, pradifea, and put in execution, within and throughout the whole kingdom of Great Britain, for railing, levying, collediitg, and paying the feveral rates and duties upon houfes, windows, or lights, by thfs ad granted, as fully and effedually, to all intents ana purpofes, as if the fame, or the like powers, authorities, rules, diredions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enaded in the body of this

prefent

not more.

Duties of this ad to be raif-

tyeii]

Anno fecundo Georgii III.

3$

prelent aft; and that all monies arifing by the faid rates anji The monie§ duties by this aft granted, the neceffary charges of raifing and ^

' accounting for the fame excepted, (hall from time to time, be paid^nto the paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at Wejhninjlcry exchequer, diftin&ly and apart from all other branches of the public re- feparate and ► venue, and (hall be carried to, and made part of, the fund »Part fr°m all commonly called The finking fund, towards making good the ftkl annuities or yearly payments, payable in refpeft of the revenue;

£ud fum of twelve millions charged upon the faid fund by an and to be car-aft of this feflion of parliament.  £e<* int°th*

HI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That ^ In? un * the commiflioners Authorized for putting in execution the four e^Torthe*1'" laid former afts, or either of them, for all and every the refpec- former aft* live counties, (hires, ftewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, to meet on or cinque ports, towns and places refpeftively,. within Great teforeiSth Britain, (hall meet together at the mod ufual and common ^n^<IJeed place of meeting within fuch counties, (hires, ftewartries, ri- jn theexecu-dings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns and places, refpec- tion of tliia lively, within Great Britain, on or before the Eighteenth dav of April, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two, and (hall then divide themfelves to aft in feparate diftrifts,. and proceed in the execution of this prefent aft, for aflefling, raifing, levying, and collecting the duties hereby granted, in fuch and the feme manner, to all intents and purpofes, as is prefcribed by die four former afts, or either of them, with refpeft to the rates and duties thereby impofed.

IV.  And it is hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons, (hall at any time or times, be fued or prafccuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this aft, or of any matter or thing in this aft contained, fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the gene- General iflhe. tal iflue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence, for his or their defence ; and if, upon the trial, a verdift (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited ; then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofls to him or them awarded againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs. Treble cofc*

CAP. IX.

An ail for charging certain annuities granted in the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty, on the finking fund *, and for carrying the duties therein mentioned to the faid fund ; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer hillsy tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other or-dertj loftt burnt, or otberwife deftroyed.

WHEREAS in purfuance of an aft of parliament made Preamble, i in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majejly ciCo|0*

King George the Second, intituled, 44 An aft for granting to his53 w Majejly Teveral duties upon malt; and for raifing the fum of eight “ mtkons by way of annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the Jaid u duties i and to prevent the fraudulent obtaining of allozvances in the

re-

D a

‘ gauging

&

The principal fum of S, 000,000 /. borrowed on the credit of the recited aft; and the additional capital of 240,000 /. directed to be added thereto ; are to be charged upon, and payable out of the finking fund. Proprietors, who (hall not fignify their difient by 21 June next, in books to be opened at the bank, deemed to aflent thereto.

The monies •£ilcn by the

Anno fecundo Georgii in.  [€761.

u gauging of com making into malt ; Qnd for making forth dupB-u cates of exchequer bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders? tc W tffA/r ordersy lofiy burnt, /r otherwife defrayed?* fevcral perfdhSy bodies politic or corporate, Aw/ advanced and lent the fum of eight millions, the credit of the feveral duties upon ma/ty by the faid aft granted, //r the purebafe of annuities tramferr able at the bank of England, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, for the certain term of twenty one years, and from the expiration thereof after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament: And whereas an additional capital cf three pounds was by the faid aft direfted to be added to every one hundred pounds advanced towards the faid fum of eight millions, amounting to two hundred and forty thoufand pounds y to be attended with like annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, and three pounds per centum per annum refpeftively: And whereas it is thought necejfary that the faid principal fum of eight millions, and likewife the faid additional capital amounting to two hundred and forty thoufand pounds, together with the charges and expences attending the famey Jbould bey with the confent of the proprietors thereof to be fignified within the time herein after mentionedy charged upony and paid out of the fund commonly called The finking fund j and that the feveral duties upon malty which by the faid aft were made a fund for payment of the faid four pounds per centum annuitiesy Jhould be carried toy and made part of tbo Jaid fundy commonly called The finking fund ; May it there-therefore pleafe your mo ft excellent Majejly that it may be enafted j and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament ailembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the fifth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two, the laid principal fum of eight millions, borrowed upon credit of the laid aCt, and the faid additional capital amounting to two hundred and forty thoufand pounds, carrying an intereft after the rate of four pounds per centum per annumy for the faid term of twenty one years, and from the expiration thereof, an intereft after the rate of three pounds per centum per annumy together with the charges and expences attending the fame, fhall be charged upon, and paid out of, the fund commonly called The Sinking fund, until redemption thereof by parliament; any thing in the laid a<ft made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majefty, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding,

II.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That fuch proprietors who (hall not, on or before the twenty firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two, fignify their diflent to the charging of their annuities on the finking fund, in books to be opened at the bank of England for that purpefe fhall be deemed and taken to aflent thereto j any thing to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftandinjj.

III.  And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid* That all the monies which have arifen fince the nfth day of

2  January,

VjOOQlC

%y6i.

Anno fecundo Georgii III.

37

January, one fihouland feven hundred and fixty two, or that (aid duties (hall or may hereafter arife, of the feveral duties upon malt, [^c which were made a fund, for payment of four pounds per cen- ^all hereafter turn per annum at the bank of England; and alfo of three arife thereby, pounds per centum per annum,, in manner above-mentioned, on to be carried eight millions borrowed by virtue of the faid a<St, made in the thirty third year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, towards ^ t^c the uipply ot the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty, fund j and and an tne additional capital amounting to two hundred and to be iflued forty thoufand pounds; fhall be carried to and made part of, accordingly, the fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, and the fame (hall be deemed and taken to be part of the faid finking fund, and (hall be iffiied and applied to fuch ufes and purpofes as the feveral ex-cedes, furplufles, or overplus monies, compofing the faid finking fund, are or may be iftued and applied; any thing in the faid a& of the thirty third year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

IV.  And whereas Jeveral bills commonly called Exchequer Bills, Claufe of re. feveral tickets commonly called Lottery Tickets, feveral orders and hff for ex-certificates made forth in lieu of the faid lottery tickets, and likewife joScry^ti^-for annuities of divers kinds, payable at or near the receipt of his cts, ceiti-Majeftfs exchequer, as alfo feveral receipts of the cajbiers of tne go- ficates, annui* vemor and company of the bank of England, or fome of them, for  &c.

monies contributed there for the purchafe of annuities transferr able in the books of the faid governor and company, or for other monies pay- ftr0yed. able there in purfuance of afts of parliament, have, by cafualty or wufchance, been loft, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed \ which exchequer bub, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders of the reffective denominations aforefaid, were made forth by and in purfuance of feveral afts of parliament in that behalf; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid. That in all cafes where it fhall appear, by affidavit, to be made before any or other of the barons of the exchequer for the time being (who (hall interrogate the deponent thereupon) to the fatisfa<ffion of fbch baron or barons, that any fuch exchequer bills, or any fiich tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders as aforefaid, before the firft day of June, one thoufand fe*. ven hundred and fixty two have been, are, or fhalj be, loft, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed, or that there be good reafon to believe the feme have been burnt, loft, or otherwife deftroyed, it (hall and may be lawful for the refpe&ive officers and perfons appointed to iffiie or make forth fuch exchequer bills, tickets, certificates, receipts* annuity orders, or other orders, or to pay or difehargo the fame, or to iffue any monies due or payable thereupon, upon producing a certificate from any or either of the faid barons, of fuch affidavit made before him or them f which affidavit the hid barons, or any or either of them, is and are hereby autho-rifed to take ; and which certificate he or they is or are hereby required to make and grant without fee pr reward) and on fe-curity given to the faid refpe&ive officers and perfons to their good liking, to indemnify them refpeitively againft all other perfons wftatfoever, for or concerning the monies fpecified in,

or

oogle

3*  Anno  fecundo  GeorgiI III. , [1761

or due upon, fuch refpeftive bill or bills, ticket ot tickets certificate or certificates, receipt or receipts, order or orders, they the faid perfons refoedtively (hall, and are hereby required, to make forth duplicates of the faid biUs, tickets, certificates, receipts and orders, at the requeft of the refpe£tiv< t  owners, and to pay, fatisfy, and difcharge the fame, and alj

rt  fuch intereft as is or fhall be due on any of them carrying inte-

reft, or to make forth flock or transferable annuities in lieu o\ fuch receipts? as he or they fhould have paid, Satisfied, or diA charged, or tpade forth on the faid original bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders, if the fame had been produced, and flialj be allowed all fuch payments, fum or fums of money, in their refpedtive accounts ; and in all cafes where the figning of the commifiioners of his Majefty*s treafury, or the lord high treafurer of Great Britain for the time being, ftiall be neceffary for making the faid duplicates, or any of them, effectual for the purpofes aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, to fign fuch duplicates accordingly.

CAP. X.

An aft for ratfing by annuities, in manner therein mentioned, the fum of twelve millions, to be charged on the Jinking fund 1 and for applying the furplus of certain duties on fpirituous liquors, and alfo the monies ariftng from the dirties on fpirituous liquors, granted by an aft of ibis fejfion of parliament.

Moft Gracious Sovereign,

Preamble.

The fum of 12,000,000 /. granted to be raifed by annuities.

Natives or for signers, who,

in purfuance of a refolution of the commons, have fubferibed towards the laid fum,

and have de-pofited 15/. per cent. m part of their fabferiptions.

WE, your Majejly's mojl dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament ajfembledy towards rdiftng the neceffary fupplies to defray your Majejly's tublick expenses, have freely rejowed to give and grant unto your Majefty the fum of twelve millions, to be raifed by annuities, in fuch manner and form as is herein after directed; and do therefore mojl humbly befeech your Majefty^ that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afletn-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That for or towards raifing the faid fum of twelve millions, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the fevera] perfons natives or foreigners, and bodies politic or corporate, who in purfuance of the refolution of the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, have, in books opened at the bank of England for that purpofe, fubferibed and agreed to contribute to the payment of the faid fum of twelve millions, and who have, in purfuance. of the Faid refolution, depolited with, or paid to^ the calhier or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England for the time being, the fum of fifteen pounds per centum, in part of the fums By them fubferibed refpe&ively, to advance

and

Anno fecundo Georgii IIL

39

tod pay unto the faid calhier or cafhiers, who is and are hereby may pav the appointed the receiver or receivers of fuch contributions remainder, at (witlaoutany further or other warrant to be fued for, had, or jnthe proror-Dbtained, in that behalf) the remainder of the feveral fums fo tionsfollow-robfcribed, at or before the refpe&ive days or times, and in ing: the pixmortions, in this a<St limited in that Dehalf.

II. And whereas it is intended that every contributor to the fakfc twelve millions (hall, for every one hundred pounds conr tributed, be intituled to an annuity, transferrable at the bank of England* after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum* for nineteen years, and then to (land reduced to three pounds Hr centum per annum, redeemable by parliament 5 and alfo to an annuity, transferrable at the bank ot England* of one pound per centum per annum* *0 continue irredeemable for a certain term of ninety eight years, and then to ceafe ; and that every fuch contributor (hall, for every fum of eighty pounds per «s*W9xpaid into the calhiers of the bank of England, upon account of his {bare in the faid annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum* be intituled to one hundred pounds capital in the faid (lock of four pounds per centum annuities; and for every fum of twenty pounds paid in like manner, upon account; of his fhare in the faid annuities of one pound per centum, (hall be intitled to an annuity of one pound, to continue for a certain term of ninety eight years, in manner above mentioned; be k enabled by the authority aforefaid, That all fuch contributors who hav? fo made fuch depoflt of fifteen pounds per centum* in part of the fums by them feverally fubferibed, as a fecurity for their making their future payments, (hall make the fame accordingly, at or before the refpeclive times or days, and in the proportions, herein after limited and appointed on that behalf; that is to fay, in refpeeft of their proportionable (bare of the fum of nine millions fix hundred <vi%. in refpett thoufand pounds, to be attended with the faid four pounds of the fum of per centum annuities for nineteen years, and afterwards to ^tTurt^cr ' be reduced to three pounds per centum annuities as aforefaid, fom Qf IO/^ the further fum of ten pounds per centum, being part of the by 10 Peb.

(aid Aim (b remaining, on or before the tenth day of February, one tboufand feven hundred and fixty two; the further fum lo/. by *3 of ten pounds per centum* other part thereof, on or before the March* twenty third of March then next following; the further fum of ten pounds per centum* other part thereof, on or before the 10/. by %i twenty firft day of April then next following ; the further fum April, of ten pounds per centum* other part thereof, on or before the 10/.by*6 twenty fixth day of May then next following; the Anther fum May* often pounds per centum* other part thereof, on or before the IO/.byij twenty third day of June then next following ; the further fum June, fifteen pounds per centum* other part thereof, on or before the 15/. bv 18 dehteeth day of Augujl then next following; the further fum Augufi, often pounds per centum* other part thereof, on or before the 10/. by 17 feventeenth day of September then next following ; and the f^The^e-twining fum of ten pounds per centum* on or before the tv™-

P 4

40

Anno fecundo Georgii III.

[i7«r

*5/. b Morel

v

30L by»i Jnly.

6ubfcribers,

AndinrcfpcjSbticth day of October then next following: And in refpetSfc:  ci

0t  t^c*r prop^fonable (hare of the fum of two millions four hun

further Aim of drcd thoufand pounds, to be attended with the annuity of on pound per centum for ninety eight years, the further fum of twent five pounds per centum, being part of the fum To remaining* o or before the tenth day of March, one thoufand feven hundme and fixty two ; the further fum of thirty pounds per untserr other part thereof, on or before the twelfth day of May next following; and the remaining fum of thirty pounds pe centum, on or before the twenty firft day of July then ixex following.

III. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid for every 80/. That the feveral fubferibers or contributors, their executors vwdsYhe faid adminiftrators, fucceffors, and affigns, (hall be intituled for am fum of upon every fum of eighty pounds by them refpe&ively advance* 9,600,00c/. are and paid towards the laid fum or nine millions fix hundred mtitledtoioo/. thoufand pounds, to one hundred pounds capital (lock at th< anPannuityd bank England^ and to an annuity after the rate of four pounds thereupon of Per centum per annumy during the term of nineteen years ; ant 4I. per cent, after the expiration therepf, to an annuity of three pounds pet for *9^ centum per annum, and no inore, for and upon every one hun-Spi^onof dred Pounds fucb capital (lock ; which faid annuity of foui Sat term, °to pounds per centum per amtumy (hall commence and be computed 3/. per cent. from the fifth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred

to commence and fixty two ; and from and immediately after the expiration on5^*i7**< pfthe faid term of nineteen years, there mall be paid, infteac

and jn lieu of fuch annuity, an annuity of three pounds per And for every centum per annum^ and no more: And that the laid feveral twa^sThe fubferibers or contributors, their executors, adminiftrators faid fum of fucceflors, and alfigns, (hall alfo be intituled, for and upon 2,400,000/.are every fum of twenty pounds by them refpe&ivdy advanced entitled to an and paid towards the (aid fum of two millions four hundred i”nfor^8 thoufand pounds, to an annuity after the rate of one pound years to for a certain term of ninety eight years; which faid annuity of commence on one pound (hall commence and be computed from the fifth 5  day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two;

ibe'pSd^al?- and t^e faid reifpe&ive annuities (hall be paid by half-yearly pay-yearly, viz. hients, in even and equal portions, on the fifth day of July* on 5 July, and and the fifth day of January, in each year.

5 7aft\  IV.  And  be it further enabled by the authority afprefaid,

ba^ninnie ^^‘at **ucb fabferibers or contributors, their executors, admi-.w^oleof their niftrotors, fucceflors, and affigns refpeftively, paying in the fubferiptions whole of the fums by them relpeilively fubferibed towards the towards the faid fum of nine millions fix hundred thoufand pounds, on *^0*00^, or before the eighteenth day of September? one thoufand feven 18 °Scpt? ^ hundred and fixty two; or paying in the whole of the fums and towards by them refpedtively fubferibea towards the feud fum of two the faid fum millions four hundred thoufand pounds, on or before the

f>f*,+Ma000/ t^*rtccnt^ daY May, one thoufand (even hundred and fixty

by 13 May 1761,

two; (ball be intituled to an allowance of fo much money as the intereft of the film fo compleating their contribution, on or

before

L.OOQle

r y6b] Anno fecundo Georgii III.  41

before the faid eighteenth day of September, or the faid thir* are intitled to renth day of Mayy refpetSbvely, after the rate of three pounds  °*

her centum per annum, (hall amount unto, from the day of com-  *

pleating fuch contribution to the twentieth day of October then times of neact following, in refpedfc of the monies paid towards the faid compleating iun of nine millions fix hundred thoufand pounds 5 and unto their pay. the twenty firft day of July then next following, in refpedt erf ^ °r*£ the monies paid towards the faid fum of two millions four pett of the hundred thoufand pounds; fuch allowances refpe&ively to be paid laid fum of by the faid cafhier or calhiers out of the monies contributed 9»6oo,ooo£ towards the faid fum of twelve millions, as foon as fuch re- ™  of

fpe&ve fubfcribers or contributors, their executors, admini- the faid fum

ftrators, fuccefibrs, and afiigns, (hall have compleated fuch of 1,400,ooo£ payments.

V.  And be it further enadted. That all the annuities afore- Annuities (aid (hall be transferable at the bank of England.  transferrable

VL And be it farther enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the cafhier or calhiers of the governor and company of the ~jyc ^iptf bank of England, who ihall have received, or (hall receive, any for the iums part of the faid contributions towards the faid fum of twelve paid in; the millions, (hall give a receipt or receipts in writing to every fuch contributor for all fuch fums; and that the receipts to be given ^oec. fhaQ be affignablc by indorfement thereupon made, at any time 1761. before the fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two, and no longer.

VII. Provided always. That fuch calhier or calhiers (hall Calhiers to give fecurity to the good liking of any three or more of the 5*yc commifiioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the

time being, for duly anfwering and paying into the receipt of

his Majeft/s exchequer, for the public ufe, all the monies

which they have already received, and (hall hereafter receive,

from time to time, of and for the faid fum of twelye millions,

and for accounting duly for the fame, and for performance of

the truft hereby in them repofed; and (hall, from time to time, monies to be

pay all fuch monies as foon as he or they (hall receive the fame, ?ycr *7

or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards at the far* ex^equer. *

theft, and (hall account for the fame in the exchequer, accord- ^

ing to the due courfe thereof, deducing fuch fums as (hall have

been paid by him or them in purfuance of this a& 5 for which

iums fo paid allowance (hall be made in his or their accounts.

VIII.  And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, ^7roon^/i That it fhall and may be lawful for three or more of the com- by^efria-mtffioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time fury to the* being, to iflue and apply, from time to time, all fuch fums fervices voted of money as fhall be fo paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s by parlia-exchequer, by the faid calhier or calhiers, to fuch fervices as me,lt*

Audi then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain in this prefent feffion of parliament.

IX.  And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That Books to be in the office of the accomptant general of the governor and provided at company of the bank of England tor foe time being, a book qr

booki cnwui» c°11"

Anno fecundo Gboibgu III.

It 76

tritatocr books (hall be provided and kept, in which the names of. tt Stfiwnlilt0be contr’^lutors ftuU be fairly entered; which book or books th faid refne&ive contributors^ their refnedive executors, ailmi

faid refpe&ive contributors, their refpe&ive executors, adsni niftrators, fucceflors, and afligns, (hall and . may, from tinrre t time, and at all feafonable times, refort to, and infpeft withoi my fee or charge; and that the faid accomptant general fhal on or before the fifth day of July* one thoufand feven huruire and fixty four, tranfmit an attefted duplicate fairly written o paper of the faid book or books, into the office of the audito of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, there to rexnaii forever.

X. And be it further enaded by the authority afbrefaid, Tha flich contributors duly paying the whole fum or Turns fubferibed ™Cnp" at or before the refpe<5Hve times in this a<ft limited in that behalf

Duplicate thereof to be tranf-xnitted into the auditor's office of the exchequer. Contributors

proportional (hare of the annuities;

tions are ~ a*  refpe<5Hve 1

intitled to a and their refpe&ive executors, adminiftratots, fucccflors* an< affigns, (hall have, receive, and enjoy, and be intituled, by vir tue of this a<ft, to have, deceive, and enjoy, theic proportion able fhare of the annuities by this a& granted, in refpedt of th< fums fo fubferibed, out of the monies appropriated by this ac for payment thereof; and (hall have good and fure intcrefh and eftates therein; fubjeA nevertheleis to redemption as is herein aftermentioned, concerning the faid annuities of thret pounds per c$ntumy according to the fevcral provifions in this a3 contained; and that all the annuities by this a£t granted, (hail be free from all tapes, charges, and impoiitions whatfoever.

XI.  Provided always, That in cafe any fuch contributors but not mak- who have already depofited with, or (hall nereafter pay to the inggood their faid cafliier or cafhiers any fum or fums of money, at the time* th* an<* *n manncr before-mentioned, in part of the fum or fums timesliinhed, fo .by them refpe&ively fubferibed; or the refpcdfcive executors, they forfeit * adminiftrators, fucccflors, or afligns, (hall not advance and pay what they to the faid cafliier or calhiers, the refidue of the fum or fums fo <hall have paid fubferibed, at the times and in the manner before-mentioned; ^ u  then, and in every fuch cafe, fo much of the refpedtive fum

or fums fo fubferibed as (hall have been a&uallypaid in part thereof, to the faid cafliier or cafliiers, (hall be forfeited for the benefit of the public, and all right and title to any annuity whatfoever in refpelt thereof (hall be extinguifhed; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary thereof in any wife *  notwithftanding.

butm com-  And  be  it  further  ensured  by  the  authority aforefaid,

pleating their That as foon as any contributors, their executors, adminiftra-payments, are tors, fuccefiors, or afligns, (hall have compleated their pay-

to have ipents of the whole film payable by them reipedtively, towards credit in the --------*  ~  *  ...  -

books of the bank for the money (b

paid;

which may be transferred.

the faid fum of nine millions fix hundred thoufand pounds, and two millions four hundred thoufand pounds, refpe&ively; the

Krincipal fum or fums fo by them fublpribed and paid refpcSive-iy (hall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of fuch rejpedtive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and afligns, compkating fuch payments refpeftively; syid the perfoiu to whofe credit fuch

principtf

tySiJ] Anno fecundo GeorgiI III.  4f

principal fums (hall befo placed, their refpeftive executors, ad-miniftrators, fucceflbrs, or affigns, fhall and may have power to affign and transfer the fame, or any part, (hare, or proper--tion thereof, to any other perfon or perfons, body or bodies politic or corporate whatfoever, in the books of the bank of 2?#^ and'madc land-, and fuch fums (hall carry therefpeftive annuities herein ilockof. before-mentioned, and (hall be taken and deemed to be (lock transferrable, according to the true intent and meaning of this aft.  Annuities

XIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, charged on That the feveral annuities which by this aft are granted and lhc made payable, in refpeft of the fum of twelve millions, untiltml redemption thereof by parliament, in manner herein mentioned, (hall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of*

die monies which (hall from time to time arife, and be remaining m the receipt of his Majefty*s exchequer, of or for the fur-phiffes, excefles, overplus monies, and other revenues compo-fing die fond commonly called The finking fund; and the faid lur-phifies, excefles, overplus monies, ana other revenues, arc hereby appropriated for that purpofe accordingly.  Bank to em-

XIV.  Andv for the more easy and fire payment oj all the annuities ploy a chief tftMJbei by this aft, be it further enabled by the authority afore- cafhier, and Jaid. That the (aid governor and company of the bank of Eng-

land, and their fucceffors, (hall, from time to time, during the the purpofe* continuance of the faid annuities, after the rate of four pounds of this aft. for e^ery one hundred pounds, capital (lock, and until the faid annuities, after the rate of three pounds for evfery fuch one hundred pounds capital (lock, (hall be redeemed, and until the £rid annuities for the certain term of ninety eight years (hall be determined, appoint and employ one or more fufficient perfon or perfons within their office in the city of London, to be their chief or firft cafhier or cafhiers, and one other fufficient perfon Treafbry to within the fame office, to be their accomptant general 5 and iflue monies that fo much of the monies by this aft appropriated for this «P°n account* purpofe, as fhall be fufficient, from time to time, to anfwer the |hePammi-t0f (aid feveral and refpeftive annuities, and other payments herein ties to thefaidl directed to be made out of the laid monies, (hail, by order of cafhier j the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be fued for, had, and obtained, in that behalf, from time to time, at the refpeftive days of payment in this aft appointed for payment thereof, be iflued and paid at the faid receipt of exchequer, to the faid firft or chief cafhier or calhiers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their focccflors, for the time being, byway of imprell, and upon who is to account, for the payment of the (aid feveral and refpeftive an- pay this miities, payable by virtue of this aft $ and that fuch calhier or ^me. acco*J* cafhiers, to whom the faid money (hall from time to time be if- acc^f^with fued, lhall, from time to time, without delay, pay the fame ac- the exche-corditigly, and render his or their accounts thereof according quer. to the due courfe of the exchequer.

XV.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

^jOIc

44

Accompt ant-general to examine all receipts and payments of the caftiier, with the vouchers. Annuities deemed a per-ional eftate.

Annuities, with refpeft to the faid fum of 9,600,000/.

are made one

joint ftock, transferable at the bank, with thofe

Anno fecundo Georgii III.

[1761.

That the (aid accomptant general for the time being (hall, from time to time, infpedl and examine all receipts and payment* of the faid cafhier or caihiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay; and that all perfons who (hall beintifuled to any of the annuities hereby granted, and all perfons lawfully claiming under them, (hall be poflefied thereof as of a perfonal eftate, which (hall not be def-cendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of London, or otherwife; any law, ftatute, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefiud. That all the monies to which any perfon or perfons (hall become intituled by virtue of this a<ft, in refpedt of any fum advanced or contributed towards the (aid fum of nine millions fix hundred thoufand pounds, on which the faid annuities of four pounds, or of three pounds per cent. per Annum (hall be attending, (hall be added to, and made one joint (lock of transferable annuities at the bank of England, with the annuities granted by an aeft made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the Second; and which by an, ad made in granted by the this prefent Seflionof parliament, intituled. An act for charging

jaofjjcw.  tertak-  r. r ,, - ■ . .

U &C' fat,, on

certain annuities granted in the year one thoufand/even hundred and the Jinking fund\ and for carrying tie duties therein mentioned to the faid fund; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer

fobied to redemption by pan fcamcijt,

bilhy tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders* lojly burnty or otherwife deJlroyed\ are charged upon and made payable out of the finking fund; and alfo with fuch other four pounds per centum annuities transferable at the bank of England, as (hall, by any other ad of this prefent feffion of parliament, be charged upon, and made payable out of, the finking fund 5 fubjed neverthelefs to redemption by parliament, in fuch manner, and upon fuch notice, as in the laid ad made in the thirty third year of his late Majefty’s reign is direded, with refped to the redemption of the annuities thereby granted; and that all and every perfon and perfons, and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he, (he, or they, (hall become intituled as aforefaid, by virtue of this ad, (hall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional intereft and (hare in the faid joint (lock pf annuities.

XVII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforelaid. That books (hall be conftantly kept by the faid accomptant general for the time being, wherein all aflignments or transfers of accomptant- all fums advanced or contributed towards the faid fum of nine for entering m^10ns ^1X hundred thoufand pounds, and two millions four all alignments hundred thoufand pounds refpedively, (hall, at all feafonable *nd transfers, times, be entered and regiftered; which entry (hall be conceived Method of in proper words for that purpofe, and (hall be figned by the par-transferring. tjcs majring fuch afiignmepts or transfers 5 or if fuch parties bq abfent, by their refpedive attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorized, in writing, under his or their hand and Teal, pr bands and feals, to be attefted by two or more credible wit-r

neflfesi

Books to be kept at the

v^ooQle

1761 -3  Anno fecundo Georgii III.  45

neffes ; and that the feveral perfons tp whom fuch transfers (hall be made, (hall refpedivelyunderwrite their acceptance thereof; and that no other method of affigning and transferring the faid annuities, or any part thereof, or any intereft therein, (hall be good or available in laVr.

XV HI. Provided alfo, That all perfons poffefled of any (hare Shares or in-or intereft in either of the faid (locks of annuities, or any ef- tereft in tate or intereft therein, may devife the fame by will, in writ-ing, attefted by two or more credible witnefles; but that no may ^ depayment (hall be made upon any fuch devife, till fo much of the vifed by will, hid will as relates to fuch (hare, eftate, or intereft, in the faid In default of docks of annuities, be entered in the faid office; and that, in transfer default of fuch transfer or devife, fuch (hare, eftate, or intereft, in the faid (locks of annuities, (hall go to the executors, ami- intided niftrators, fucceffors, and affigns; and that no (lamp duties thereto, whatsoever (hall be charged on any of the faid transfers; any Transfer* to

law or ftatute to the contrary notwithilanding.

XIX.  provided always, and be it enadle3 by the authority Treafarr im-aforefaid, That out of tne monies arifing from the contributions powered to towards railing the faid fum of twelve millions, any three or difcharge all more of the commiffioners of thetreafury, or the high treafurer

for the time being, (hall have power to difcharge all fuch inci- tending the dent charges as (hall neceffarily attend the execution of this a&, execution of in fuch manner as to them (hall feem juft and reafonable; and this  *

alfo to fettle and appoint (uch allowances as (hall be thought proper, for the fervice, pains, and labour, of the faid ca(hier allowances for or calhiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for, the faid the caihiers, contributions; and alfo (hall have power to make, out of the and other finking fond, fuch further allowances as (hall be judged reafon- °®cer‘*

Ale, tor the fervice, pains, and labour, of the (aid calhier or comp^1t-calhkrs for receiving, paying, and accounting for, the faid annui- genml; ties, payable by virtue of this a6l; and alfo (or the fervice, pains, the fame to and labour, of the faidaccomptant general, for performing the be at truft repofed in him by this adl; all which allowances to be thedifpofel, made as aforefaid, in refpedl to the fervice, pains, and labour, &Cm ot thc . of any officer or officers of the faid governor and company,  ™

(hall be for the ufe and benefit of the laid governor and com- thc bank, pany, and at their difpofal only.

XX.  Provided always, and be it farther enabled by the au- Bank to con-thority aforefaid. That the faid governor and company of the tinue a corpo-bank of England, and their fucceffors, nptwithftanding the re- ration, not-dempticm of all or any of their own funds, in purfuance of the

ads for cftabliftiing the feme, or any of them, (hall con- 0f their own tinue a corporation for the purpofes of tnis ad, till all the an- funds, t91 mmies payable in refped of the faid fum of nine millons fix hundred thoufand pounds, (hall be redeemed by parliament  and

as aforefaid, and until the faid annuities attending the (aid fum determined, of two millions four hundred thoufand pounds, for the (aid term of ninety eight years, (hall be determined; and that the (aid governor and company of the bank of England, or any

member

Nofee tote taken or demanded for receiving or paying the contribution-monies; ot paying,.&c. the fevcral

of %o 4nd full tofts Ofiuit.

Recital of claufe in aft 16 Geo. II. Concerning Ijpirituous liquors j «c.

Anno fccundo Georgii III. ^1761.'

member thereof, (hall not incur any difebility, for or by reafon t>f their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this aft.

XXI.  And be it further enafted. That no fee, reward, or gratuity ,wbatfoever, ftiall be demanded or taken of any of his Majefty’s fubjefts, for receiving pr paying the faid contribution-monies, or,any of them, or for any tallies or receipts concerning the feme, or for ifluing the monies for paying the feid federal annuities, or; any of them, or for any transfer of

____________ any  fum  great  or  fmall  to be made in purfuance of this aft ;

annuities, j&c. upon pain that any offender, or perfon offending, by taking on penalty or demanding any fuch fee or reward, or gratuity, (hall forfeit the fum of: twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full cofts of fuit; to be recovered by aftion ofdebt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at JVefirtHnfiers wherein no effoin, proteftion, privilege, or wager of la,w, injunftion, or order of reftraint, or any more than one imparlance (hall be granted or allowed.

XXII.  And whereas by an aft made in the (ixteenth year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the Second, intituled, 4C An at7 for repealing certain duties upon fpirituous liquors 3

and on licences for retailing the fame9 and for faying other duties “ on fpirituous liquors, and on licences to retail thefaidliquorscertain rates and duties were laid upon fpirituous liquors: And whereas loft aft of ^ ^not^lcr made in the feme feffion of parliament, intituled, i6 6w7ll.  for  raifing*  by  annuities and a lottery in manner therein

€C mentioned, the fum of one million eight hundred tboufand pounds, <c at three pounds per centum per annum* for the fervice of the €i fear one tboufand feven hundred and forty three f the faid rates end duties upon fpirituous liquors were charged witb9 and made fubjeS and liable to9 the payment of the annuities* after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, transferable at the bank of England, which by the faid off were granted9 in refbeft of the principal firm of one million eight hundred tboufand pounds, advanced upon the credit of .the faid rates and duties; and the furplus or remainder of the monies ariftng by the faid rates and duties, after fatif-fyingy or referring money fufficient to fatisfy9 the faidftyeral and ref-pectiveunnuities9 and all arrears thereof was by the faid a8 referved for the difpofition of parliament: And whereas by an aft made in the -ftventeenthyear of his faid late Majefty’s reign, intituled, <c An u *8 for granting to his Maiefty the furplus or remainder of the l< moniesarifen, or to arife by the duties on fpirituourliquors, granted by <c an aft of the lajlfeffion ofparliament andfor explaining and amend-<c ing thefaid a 8 in relation to the retailers of fuch liquors $ and for <c eftablijhing an agreement with the united company of merchants “ ^England trading to the Eaft Indies;” the faid furplus or remainder was charged with, and made Jubje8 and liable to the payment of an annuity or yearly film, of thirty tboufand pounds to the united company of merchants cf England trading to the Lott a  Indies,  in manner therein mentioned: And whereas by

*7 Geo.U. °* mother made in the fame feffion of parliament, intituled,

“ An

Spirituous liquors of .27 Geo. II.

1761.] Anno fecundo Georgii III.  37

44 jin aft for raifing by annuities and a lottery, in.manner therein 44 mentioned, the Jim of one million eight hundred thoufand pounds,

44 at three pounds per centum perannum, for the Jervice of the 44 year one tboufand/even hundred and forty four," toe fold furplus or remainder, after paying or referving fufficient to pay to the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, the find annuity or yearly payment of thirty thoufand pounds, was charged with, and made Juhject and liable to, the payment of the annuities irons/errable at the bank ^England, which by the faid act were granted, in rejpect of the principal fum of one million eight hundred tboufand pounds, advanced upon the credit of the faid furplus or remainder ; and the furplus or remainder of toe monies arifing by or the find rates and duties, afterfatisfying, or referving money fufficient to fiuisfy all the faid feveral and refpective annuities, and aU arrears thereof, was by the faid lajl-maitioned act referved for the dif-pofittm of parliament: And whereas by an ad made in the nineteenth vear of his {aid late Majefty’s reign, intituled,

44 An act for granting to his Majefiy feveral rates and duties 44 ttpmgkys, and upon fpirituous liquors; and for raifing a certain Glafsand 44 Jim of money by annuities, and a lottery, to be charged on the faid fpirituous 44 rates and duties$ and for obviating fome doubts about making out  **

44 orders at the exchequer for the monies advanced upon the credit of 44 the Jolt duties, granted and continued to his Majefly by an aft of the 44 laflfeffion of parliament ” certain rates and duties were laid up-m glafsand upon fpirituous liquors, and the faid rates and duties were by the faid aft charged with, and madefubjeft and liable to, the payment of the annuities transferable at the bank of England, winch by the faid aft were granted in refpeft of the principal fum of three millions, advanced upon the credit of the faid rates and duties; and there edfo charged with, and made Jubjeft and liable to, the payment of the yearly fum of forty five thoufand pounds, for anfwering and paying the annuities for lives, payable at the exchequer, granted by the find aft-, and the furplus or remainder of the monies arifing by tbefaid rates and duties, after fatisfying or referving money fufficient to fatis-fy aU the laid feveral and rejpeftive annuities, was by the faid aft refnrved for the dijpofition of parliament: and whereas by an ad made in the twenty fourth year of his {aid late Majefty’s reign, intituled. Spirituous U-44 An aft for granting to bis Mqejty an additional duty uponfpirituous <lu^8 °L #

44 Honors, and upon ticences for retailing the fame-, and for repealing 14 ri,U*5 44 the aft of the twentieth year of bis prefent Majejty's reign, inti-44 tided. An aft for granting a duty to his Majefiy to be paid by dif-44 tillers upon licences to be taken out by themfor retailing fpirituous E-44 quors-, and for the more effeftually refraining the retailing of 44 difiiHid fpirituous liquors; and for allowing a drawback upon the 44 exportation of Britifti made /pints-, and that the parj/b of Scant 44 Alary le Bon, in the county of Middlefex, /ball be wider the 44 in/heftion of the head office of excife certain additional rates and duties were laid upon fpirituous liquors, and the laid rates and duties were, by the Jaid aft, made fiebjeft and liable to the fame nfis and purpofes as the then fubfi/hng duties on ftirituous liquors were at that time liable and appropriated unto: and whereas by an

ad

Digitized

id by 

4*  Anno  fecundo  GeorgiI  III.  [1761-

Annuity a& a6l made in th<5 twenty fifth year of his faid late Majefty’s reign, of*5 Gt9.ll. $ intituled, cc An aft fir converting the fevered annuities therein 44 mentioned, into feveral joint Jiocks of annuities, transferrable at 44 the bank of England, to be charged on the finking fundi and 44 alfo for confolidating the feveral other annuities, therein men* 44 tioned, into feveral joint flocks of annuities, transferrable at the 44 South fea houfe;” all the find feveral and refpeftive annuities transferrable at the bank of England, herein before mentioned to have been charged upon any of the feveral rates and duties upon fpirituous liquors, were, from the time in the faid aft mentioned charged upon, and directed to be paid out of, the Jinking fundy and Juch of the faid rates and duties upon fpirituous liquors as had been granted and appropriated by the feveral and refpeftive aftSy in the faid laft-mentioned act before recited; that is to fayy by the acts which have been herein before mentioned to have been made in the fexteenth, feventeenth, and nineteenth years of his find late Majefiyt reign, for payment of the faid feveral ana refpeetivt annuities transferrable at the bank of England, as aforefaid, were directed to be carried to, and made part of, the faid finking fund, after referving fiufficient to pay the annuities fir lives at the ex-''  chequer,  and  other  charges  and  incumbrances  charged  on  the  find

rates and duties: and whereas the rates and duties on fpirituous liquors granted by the faid act of the twenty fourth year of his faid late Majefly's reign, not being by the faid aft of the twenty fourth year of his faidlateMajefly's reign, directed to be carried to, and made part of, the finking fund, Jlill remaining fiubject and liable, in common with the former rates and duties on fpirituous liquors, to the payment of Juch charges and incumbrances originally charged upon the faid rates and duties on fpirituous liquors, as had not been by virtue of the faid act of the twenty fifth year of the reign of his faid late Majefly transferred to the Jinking fund-, that is to Jay, to the payment of the annuity of thirty thoufand pounds to tbeEatk India company; and alfo to the yearly payment of forty five thm-fand pounds, for anfwering and paying certain annuities for lives, payable at the exchequer; and the furplus of the faid rates and duties granted by the act of the twenty fourth year of the reign of his faid late Majejly, Jlill remained, by virtue of the feveral acts herein before recited, referved for the difpofition of parlia-Sftirituous ment: and whereas by an a<ft of the thirty third year of the liquors of 33 reign of his faid late Majefty, intituled, 44 An aft for preventing Gto. II. «c the excejjivg ufi 0f fpirituous liquors, by laying additional du-44 ties thereon 5 for fljortening the prohibition of making low wines 44 and fpirits from wheat, barley, malt, or other grain, and from 44 meal flour, and bran-, for encouraging the exportation of Bri-44 ti(h made fpirits; and for more effectually flouring the duties 44 payable upon fpirits; ana preventing the fraudulent relanding or 44 importation thereof $*’ certain farther additional rates and duties were laid on fpirituous liquors, and were, by the faid act, directed to be appropriated and applied to the fame ufes and pur-pofes as the then fiubfifling duties on fpirituous liquors were, at that time, applicable ana appropriated unto j fo that as well the fur-

plus

v^ooQle

ij6i.]  Anno fecundo Georgii III.  49

plus er remainder of the monies arifen or to arife from the jaid rates and duties upon fpirituous liquoi s granted by the faid act of Ike twenty fourth year of the reign of his' faid late Majejly, as from thofe granted by the faid act of the thirty third year of his faid late Majefy, after Jatisfyitig the faid annuities or yearly payments of thirty thoufand pounds, and forty five thoufand pounds, to the payment of which all the duties on fpirituous liquors, granl-id by the fiveral acts herein before mentioned, Jland in the firjl place liable and appropriated, do, by virtue of the faid feveral acts, . fiand referved for tkedifpofition of parliament: and where Js the annuities payable by virtue of this act in refpect of the fum of twelve millions, are hereby charged upon> and directed to be paid out of the finking fundi be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from Surplus of and after the fifth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred monies and fixty two, the furplus or remainder of the monies which duties ori **** fhall, from time to time, arife by the faid rates and duties upon fpirirU0Us fpirituous liquors granted by the (aid ads of the twenty fourth and liquors, , thirty third years of his faid late Majefty’s reign, after plying or granted bv referring, from time to time, at the receipt of his Majefty’s ex- reritC£ chequer, money fufficient to fatisfy and pay the faid annuity of ^ thirty thoufand pounds, payable as aforefaid to the united com- after paying pany of merchants of England trading to the Eaji Indies, and the annuity alfo the faid yearly payment of forty five thoufand pounds for  r<*

anfwering the fakl annuities for lives, payable at the exchequer* **

(hall be carried to, and made part of, the finking fund, towards 45,000/. tot making good the intereft or annuities charged by this ad on the annuities for faid fund.  lives payable

XXIII: And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, ch^uerTtobe That the monies which (hall, from time to time, arife and be earned into remaining in the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, of the ad- the finking ditional rates and duties on fpirituous liquors, grahted to hid tund.

Majefty by an ad of this prefent feflion of parliament, intituled, ^

An alt for more effectually preventing the cXcetfive ufe of fpirituous chequer by liquors for home consumption^ by laying additional duties Upon J'pirits the additional made in Great Britain, or imported into the farhe j and for better re- duties on fpi-gulating and encouraging the exportation 0/Britifh made fpirits; and ^J^U8 for fecuring the payment of the duties upon fpirituous liquors 1 be alfo an a&of

; fund, towards making by this ad on the faid

this feflion, to be carried into the flak-

carried to, and made part of, the finkinj good the intereft or annuities charged

hind*  ..  .

XXIV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, u That if any perfon or perfons (hall be fued, molefted, or pro-fecuted for any thing done by virtue or in purfiiance of this ad, fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general iflue. General iffuc. and give this ad, and the fpecial matter, in evidence, in his or their defence or defences: And if, afterwards, a verdid (hall pais for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall difeontinue his or their adion or adions, or be nonfuited,. or judgment (hall be given, againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwhe, then luch defendant or defendants lhaji have treble cofts awarded to him, her, or them, againft any fuch Treble cofts, plaintiff or plaintiffs,

Vol. XXV.  £  DicrCAft1'-

Anno fecundo Georgii III.

Ci7 6*'

CAP. XI.

An attfcr punifking mutiny and defer tion \ and far the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Preamble* XX7 HER EAS the raifsng and keeping a/landing army with** VV this kingdom in time of peace j unlejs it be with confent ef parliament, is againjl law : and whereas his Majejly is engaged in a jujl and nuejfary war againjl France and Spam : and whereas it is judged neceffary by his Majejly, and this prefent parliament, That a body of forces jhould be continued for the fafety of this kingdom, the defence of the poffeffons of the crown of Great Britain, and the prejervation of the ballance of power in Europe ; and that Number of the whole number of Juch forces Jhould confijl of fixty Jeven thoufand force* b7>67&* fix hundred and feventyfix, includingfour thoufand and eight invalids : 4>oo8 invalids. an^ whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or fubjeBed in time of peace to any kina of punijhmeitt within this realm, by martial lawi or in any other manner than by the judgment of bis peers,• ttnd according to the known and ejlablijhed laws of this realm ; yet never tholefiy it being requifite for the retaining Juch forces in their duty 4 that an exaSf difapline be obferved, and that Jobbers who Jhall mutiny i or Jlir up /edition, orjball defert his Majejly* s fervice within this realm, or the kingdom of Ireland, Jerfcy, Guernfey, Alderney, and Sark, or the ijlands thereto belonging, be brought to a more exemplary and fpeedy punijhment than the ufual forms of the law will allow j be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and

After »4 March 1761, during the continuance of this a£t, every officer and private man, who ihali mutiny or defert, See. or lift in any other regiment, See. or (hall be found deeping on, or (hall defert his poft, or hold illegal correfpondence with the enemies of his Majefty, or (hall (trike, or dilbbey, his fuperior officer* (hall fuffitr death, or luch punishment as a

court-martial (hall infli£t.-The Kmg may grant comnnifion to hold a

court-martial, &c. — Court-martial may infhft corporal punishment for

immoralities, See.----General court-martial not to confift of left than 13;

and the prefident to be a field officer, or officer next in fenidrity, not under the degree of a captain. —— May adminilter an oath to witnefles.

----Officers to be fwom. The oaths. — The judge-advocate to be

fwom. The oath.-------In fentences of death, nine officers to concur, &c.

Hours of trial — The party tried, in titled to a copy of the fentence

and proceedings of the court-martial.-----Original proceedings, Scc. of

courts martial to be tranfmitted to the judge-advocate general in London*

See.----None to be tried a fecond time for the fame offence, except in

cafe of appeal. — This aft not to exempt (bldiers from ordinary procefs. — Penalty on falfe certificates to excuie foldiers from mufters.---Penalty on officers making falie mufters, See. ----------------------Fictitious names allowed

by nis Majefty’s order upon the mufter-rolls for the maintenance of

officers widows, not to be conftrued a falfe mufter.-MuAer-ra alter to

give notice of mufter to a mayor, See. Penalty on negleft. Mufter-rolls

to be figned by the mayor, See.----Penalty on perfons offering themfelves

to be falfiy muftered.---Horfes falfly muttered, to be forfeited, See. — -

Forfeiture how to be levied.---Officer embezzelling, Scc. military (tores,

to be cafbicred, and forfeit ioo1. and the damage to be made good by (ale of his goods and chattels 5 for want of diArefs the perfon to oe committed, Application of the forfeiture, — Mufter-mafter taking a

mufter

-  * VjOOQIC

Anno fecundo GfcORGii III.

5*

mutter, to make oath. The oath. -------- Mutter rolls, though tranfmitted

Without the oath indorfed to the pay-matters general, to be goOd vouchers

to the auditor. -----Penalty on agents, &c. detaining officers or foldiers

pay. Weekly rates. Penalty on agents diiobeying orders.--------Surgeon*

See. witbih ten miles of Londont Sec. to certify who are fickj and commanding officers, who are employed in railing recruits. —* Penalty on officers muttering persons by wrong names. —* Conftables, Sec. to quarter officers and men in inns, alehouJes, &c. but in no dittillers houfes, or (hop-keepers, or in any private houfes. Penalty on conftables, See. quartering foldiers in private houfes, &c. and on officers quartering foldiers contrary to this 28, See. Perions aggrieved by being quartered 011, may complain to any juttices, and be relieved. No juftice having any military office,

to be concerned in billeting his foldiers.----Officers and foldiers to pay

rates for their provisions.---What inn-holders may allow men quartered

on them inftead of meat. -----Penalty on officer talcing money to excufb

the quartering. —— Dragoons, Sec. and their horfes to be billeted in the lame hoofe.------ Manner of* changing men and horfes.-----• Claufe relating to a Soldier's fettlement for his wife and children*--* Officers* &c*

to oe quartered in Scotland, as the laws in force at the union direct. —• No pay matter, See. to make dedu&ions out of officers or foldiers pay.—-Exceptions.«—■- Treafury may iffile out the money due for clothing every two months. Pay-matters to oedu& the off-reckonings. — Officers td give notice to inn-keepers of fubfittence-money in their hands. Rates of lablilfence to be paid to inn-keepers, Sec. for foldiers quarters. Penalty on officers not paying fubfittence-money.-----On non payment of quarters the officer to make up accounts, Sec. ----No mutter in Wefimnfler%

See. but in the prefence of two or more jufUces.----Conftables, Sec. may

billet foldiers in Wefiminflcr^ Sec. Petty conftables, See. to quarter foldiera

In tbeir repealve divifions.-Conftables, Sec. to deliver lifts at quarter-

ftflioni, on oath, of inhabitants, and foldiers quartered in their refpc&ive divifions; to be infpeded without tec. Copies of fuch lifts to be wrote by* the clerk at %d. per (hett, containing 150 words. Penalty on default. Penalty on giving defc&ive lilts. How to be levied.----This a& to extend

to jerfey, Sec.---Mutter-rolls to be clofed on day of mutter, and returned

to the pay-matter of the forces, See. Penalty. ----- Juttices  may order

conftables to provide carriages. Rates for carriages. Penalty on officers forcing waggons to travel more than one day's journey, Sec. * Penalty on conftables. Sec. neglcdt. —— Treafurers of the county to repay thsr conftables extraordinary charges. — The money for thofe purpofes how

to be raifed.-----No waggon, Scc. to carry above 30 hundred weight. —*

Carriages in Scotland how to be provided.-----Soldiers wives, Scc. not to

b« quartered without confent. Penalty.------Penalty on officers or foldiers

deftroymg the game.-------How the account of every regiment (hall be

kept.------Penalty on pay-matter, Sec. — Penalty ou colonels. —-

Non commiffion officer erabezzeling the foldiers pay, Stc. to be reduced, kc. — Juttices may commit deferters. — Reward tor taking-up de-(erters. — Penalty on perfons concealing deferters, or buying tbeir arms, clothes. Sec. —— Penalty on officer breaking open houfe without

warrant. —~His Majefty empowered to make articles of war.---------None

to be adjudged of life or limb, but for crimes exprelTed to be fo punifhablc by this a&. —— Deferters beyond fea. Scc. may be tried here or in Ireland.

— Tins *&. to extend to deferters, Sic. in Ireland, See.------- Perfons

acquitted by the civil magiftrate may only be cafiiiercd by a court-martial. -7— Perfons accufed of capital crimes, Scc. to be delivered over to the

civil magiftrate, Sec.----Pay-matters, Scc. to account with executors.——

Perions feed may plead the general ifloe. Treble cofts.-----All (uits to

be brought in fome ot the courts of record at Weflm*fltr% or Dnblm, or the

court ot feffion in Scotland.----Continuance of this a&.-------Penalties

againft the a& 1 Geo. I. where to be fued for. — No volunteer liable to procefil, tmleft for feme criminal matter, or unlefs for a real debt of the value of to/. Oith of the debt to be made before a judge, and marked on the bock of tke procefe. Plaintiff may file a common appearance. —* Penalty on taking money to excufe any perfim from quartering * or vi&uaUers refufing to quarter foldiers. — Juttices may order conltabUa to pvt an account ox the number of foldur* quartered, Sec, —— How

£ %  Digitize^ogpg

ogle-

£4  Anno  fecundo GeoRGH III.  [176*-.

troops arc to pay in palling oVcr ferries in Scotland. -Gaufe for relief

of perfons'hatHly emitting themfelves. Perfons refafing the faid relief, to be proceeded againft, as if duly lifted. —- Offences againft former mu-tiny afts punilhable by this aft. — None liable to be tried or punilhed for offences againft former afts, unlefs committed within three years ;

except for defertion.---Officers* See. of the train of artillery iubjtrft to

this aft. American troops afting in conjunftion with Britijb forces, liable to

the fame martial laws. ----- Officers  and loldiers of the American troops

fent over to Great Britain, to be quartered and billetted as the Britijb

forces, and under the fame regulations and penalties.---This aft not

to extend to the militia farther than is directed by the militia laws.

CAP. XII.

An a£l for the regulation of his Majeji/s marine forces while

on fhore.

% X ERE A S it may be neceffiary for the fafety of this kingdom, Preamble. y y Qn^ t^e ^pnce 0j t}je pojfrjfions of the crown of Great Britain, That a body of marine forces Jhould be employed in his Majejlys fleet and naval fervice, under the direction of the lord high admiral'9 or commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain: and whereas the faid marine forces may fro» quently be quartered on Jhore, where they will not be fubjeft to the laws relating to the government of his Majejlys forces by fea \ yet neverthelefsj it being requifite for the retaining of fuch forces in their duty, That an exalt difcitline be obfervedy and that n.arines who Jhall mutiny, or Jlir up fcaition, or Jhall defert his Majejlys fervice, be brought to a more exemplary and fpeedy punijhment than the law willallosb •, be i t enjifted by the King’s moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fifth day of Marchy one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two, if any perfon being entered, or in pay as an officer of marines, or who is, or fhall be lifted, or in pay as a private man, in any company 6f marines in his Majefty’s fervice, and on the twenty fifth day of Marchy one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two, fhall re-' mau,on Ihore, main in fuch fervice, or during the continuance of this adf, fhall be voluntarily entered, and in pay, as, a marine officer or priv^e man in his Majefty’s fervice, and being ordered or employed in fuch fervice, at any time, during the continuance of this aft, on fhore, in any place within the realm of Great Britainy ri»y or defert, or *n kingdom Irelandy or in any of his Majefty’s domi-- y  ,  nions  beyond  the  feas  refpeftively,  (hall  begin,  excite,  caufe, or

join in any mutiny or fedition, in the company to which he doth or fhall belong, or in any other company, troop, or regiment, either of marine or land forces, in his Majefty’s fervice, or fhall not ufe his utmoft endeavours to fupprefs the fame, or coming to the knowledge of any fuch mutiny, or intended mutiny, fhall not without delay give information thereof to his commanding officer, or fhall defert his Majefty’s fervice j or being aftually entered as a marine, in any company, fhall lift himfelf in any o-ther company, troop, or regiment, in his Majefty’s fervice, without firft having a difeharge in writing from the officer commanding in chief the company in which he laft ferved as a marine* or fhall b$ found fleeping upon his poft, or fhall leave it( Mihail he  fAf.a|„  before

* VjOOQLc

After 15 March 1762, during the continuance of this aft, every marine officer and private

&c.

or lift in any other regiment, See.

1761.] Anno fecundo Georgii 111,  53

before relieved; or (hall hold correfpondence with any rebel, or found deeping enemy of his Majefty, or give them advice or intelligence of any bind, by any ways or means, or in any manner whatfoever; or or hold illegal* (hall treat with fuel) rebels or enemies, or enter into any condi- corrcfpond-tion with them, without his Majefty’s licence, or licence of the  with the

lord high admiral of Great Britain or of three or more of the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of or (hallftrike. Great Britain for the time being; or (hall (tribe, or ufe any vio- ovdifobeyhis fence againft his fuperior officer, being in the execution of his Superior of-office; or (hall difobey any lawful command of his fuperior of- J?C®T> ficer; all and every perfon arutperfons fo offending in any or orfuchpu-* either of the matters before-mentioned, pn (hpre, in any part of niflimentas a this kingdom or Ireland, or any of his Majefty’s dominions be- court-martial yond the feas, (hall fuffer death, or fuch other pynifliment as fliall inflidt. by a court martial (hall be inflifted.

II.  And be it further eoafted by the authority aforefaid,That it-The lord high (hall and may, from time to time, during the continuance of this admiral, or aft, be lawful to and for the faid lord high admiral, or three or fo^c^t!ne# more of the faid commiffioners for executing the faid office pf that office, S lord high admiral for the time being, to grant a commiffioi) un- may grant a der his or their refpeftive hand or hands, to any officer of ma- commMlon to lines in his Majefty’s fervice, not under the degree of a field of- pourtfmaar ficer, for the holding a general court-martial at any place or pla- tial, $c.

ces on (hore, in this realm or in Ireland, or in any of his Majefty’s dominions beyond the feas; in every of which courts-mar* tial, all or any of the offences aforefaid, and all or any other of die offences herein after fpecified, lhall be tried and proceeded againft in fuch manner as by this aft is direfted.

III.  And be it alfoenafted, That it (hall and may be lawftil to Courts-mar* and for fuch courts-martial refpeftively, by their fentence or judgment, to inflift corporal punifhment, not extending to punMm<mt life or limb, on any marine for immorality, mifbehaviour, or ne- for immora-gleft of duty on (hore, in any place or places within this realm hties, &c.

or Ireland*, or any of his Majefty’s dominions beyond the feas, during the continuance of this aft.

IV.  AnJ be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That Lords,&c. of it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid lord high admiral, the admiralty or three or more of the commiffioners for executing the faid of-

fiee of lord high admiral, at any time during the continuance of for puniffi-thisaft, to make and eftablilh rules and articles in writing un- mentof mu-derhisor their refpeftive hand or hands, for the punilhment of J.inX ancJ^* mutiny and defertion, immorality, mifbehaviour, and negleft of lcrUon> duty, m any of his Majefty’s marine forces while on (hore in any part of this realm or Ireland, or any of his majefty’s dominions, beyond the feas, and for bringing offenders againft the fame to juftice, andjto ereft and conftitute courts-martial, with power to and to confH. try, hear, and determine, any crimes or offences fpecified in ffich tutecouru-rules and articles, and inflift puniflimentsby feptencc or judgmentInaru fur the fame, according to the true intent and meaning of this aft.

V.  Provided always,That no perfon or perfonsfhall be adjudged

to fuffer any punimment extending to 1 feor limb, by the laid ^JJ^cdof rules or articles within the kingdom of Great Britain, or Ireland, ^i^orlfmh,

E 3  Digit  but for crimes

54

exprcfledtobe io punrrtiahle by this a&. General court-martial not to confift of lets than i and theprefi-dent to be a field officer, or officer next in fenjority, not under the degree of a captain.

May ad mini-(ter an oath to witndfe*. Officers to be lworu.

The oath.

The path.

The judge advocate to be fworn.

The oath.

In fentences of death, nine officers to cortcur,&c.

Annp fccundo Gcorgii IIJ. [ 1761f

excppt for fuch crime or crimes as is or are exprefled to be fa punifhable by this a<ft.

VI.  And it is hereby further enadled and declared, That no general court-martial which (hall have power to (if by virtue of this ad, (hall confift of a lefs number than thirteen, whereof none tQ be under the degree of a commiflion officer of marines; and the prefident of fuch court-martial (hall not be under the degree of a field officer of marines, unlefs where fuch field officer cannot be had; in which cafe, the marine officer next in feniority to fuch field officer, not being under the degree of a captain, mall prefide at fuch court-martial; and that iuch court-martial (hall have power and authority,and are hereby required to adminifter an oath to every witnefs, in order to the examination or trial of any of th$ offences that (hall come before them.

VII.  Provided always. That in all trials of offenders by genera! courts-martial, to beheld by virtue of this ad, every officer pre-fent at fuch trial, before any proceedings be had thereupon, fhall take the following oaths upon the holy evangelifts, before the court, and judge advocate, or his deputy (who are hereby authorized to adminifter the fame) in thefe words; that is to fey,

YOU fall well and truly try and determiney awarding to the evidence which Jball be given in the matter now before you, between our Sovereign lord the King's Majejly, and the prifoner to be tried:

So help you God.

I A. R. do fwear, Tlrnt I will duly adminiflcrjuftice, according to an a it ofparliament now in forcefor the regulation ofhis Majejifs marine forces wlnle on Jhorc, and according to the rules and articles made inpurfuance of the faid aft of parliament for the punijhment of mutiny mi defertion, and other crimes therein refpeftively mentionedy without partiality favour*, or ajfefticn; and if any doubt Jball arifey which is not explained by the faid aft of parliament, or the faid rules and article$y according to my confciencey the beft of my underfianding, and the cuftom of war in tile cafes. And I further fwear, That / will not divulge the J'entence of the court until it Jball be approved by tlv lord high admiral, or three or more of the emmiflioners for execut-

ing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain 5 neither will /, upon any account, at any timeivhatfoevery difclofe or dtfeoverthe vote or opinion of any particular member of the court-martials unlefs required to give evidence thereof as a witnefs, by a court of jujlice in a due courfe of law:  Sp help  me  God.

And fo foon as the faid oaths (hall have been adminiftered to the refpedive members, the prefident of the court is hereby authorized and Required to adminifter to the judge advocate, or to the per-(bn officiating as fuch, an oath in the following words :

I A. B. do fwear, That I will not, upon any account, at any time whatfoever, difclofe or difeover the vote or opinion of any particular member of the court-martial, unlefs required to give rjidcnce thereof as a witnefs, by a court of jufice in a due courfe of law:

So help me God. And no fentence of death (hall be given againft any offender by any fuch general court-martial, as ^fprefaid, i^nlefs nine officers

prefent

VjOCK^lC

1761.]  Anno fecundo Georgji  III.

55

prcfent (hall concur therein; and if there be more officers pre~ lent than thirteen, then the judgment lhall pafs by the concurrence of two thirds of the officers prefent; and no proceeding or  .

trial fliall be had upon any offence, but between the hours of **our# eight of the clock in the morning and three in the afternoon, except in cafes which require an immediate example.

VIII.  Provided always, That the party tried by any general The party tricourt-martial to be held as aforefaid, fhall be intitled to a copy of *d, intitled to the fentence and proceedings of fuch court-martial, upon demand fcntence and* thereof made by himfelf, or by any other perfon or perfons on his proceedings of behalf (he pr they paying reafonably for the fame) at any time the court-not fooner than three months after fuch fentence, whether fuch martial, fentence be approved or not $ any thing in this ail to the contrary notwithflanding.

IX.  And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That every Original projudge advocate* or perfon officiating as fuch at any general ceedings, &c, court-martial, to be held as aforefeid, do, and he is hereby re- ^rtiaMo he cjuired to tranfrnit, with as much expedition as the opportunity tranfmitted tq of time and diftance of place can admit, the original proceedings thefecretary and fentence of fuch court-martial to the fecretary of the admi- of the admiralty for the time being; which original proceedings and fen- ralt^

tence (hall be by him carefully kept and preferred in the office of the admiralty of Great Pritainy to the end that the perfons in* titled thereto maybe enabled, upon application to thefaid office, to obtain copies thereof, according to the true intent and meaning of this a&.

X.  Provided always, and be it hereby declared and enabled, N?nf tobe

That no marine, either officer or private man, being acquitted or  for^e

convidled of any offence at any fuch court-martial as aforefaid,  offence,

(hall be liable to be tried a fecond time by the fame or any other court-martial for the fame offence; and that no fentence given ^ThTreviifH by any court-martial, and figned by the prefident thereof, be li- more ti,an able to be revifed more than once.  once.

XI.  And be it further enadled,That if any officer or private man Deferters be-(hall defert his majefty’s fervice in any of his dominions beyond ^aybe tried’ the feas, or elfewhere Deyond the feas, and fliall efcape and come here or in Ire-into this realm, or /rr/W, before he be tried by a couit-martial land.

for fuch offence and (hall be apprehended for the fame, fuch of* ficcr or private man (hall be tried for the fame as if the faid of^ fence had been committed within this realm.

XII.  Provided always. That nothing in this a<£l contained fhall Thisndl not

extend, or be conftrued to extend, to exempt any marine, either ^^^froni officer or private man whatfoever, while on fhorc, from being ordinary pre^ proceeded againft by the ordinary courfe of law.  cefs,

XIII.  Provided alfo, and be it further enabled. That no perfon Perfons ac-or perfons being acquitted or convidled of any capital crimes, vio-

lences, or offences by the civil magiflrate, (hall be liable to be pu- t™te™ma'y* nifhed by a court-martial for the fame otherwife than by cafhiering. only be ca-

XIV.  Provided alfo, and be it funher enadled ,That if any marine ftiiercd by a officer, non-commiffion officer, or private man, fhall be accufcd ^(bnT^cuf pf any capital crime, or of any violence or offence againft the ed of capital * perfon^ eftate^ or property, of any of hismajefty's fubjedts, which crimes, &c. to

56

be delivered over to the civil magiftrate,

Ac.

Fiditious names allowed by his Majefty’s order upon the mu-fter- rolls, for the maintenance of of -ficers widows, not to be confirmed a falfe mutter.

Paymafter to

pay the’fall

pay of fa'ch

men to the

receiver.

\

Anno fepundp Georgii III. 1761.]

is punifhable by the known laws of the land; the commanding officer or officers of every company, or party, is and are hereby required to ufe his and their utmoft endeavours to deliver over Such accufed perfon to the civil magiftrate; and (hall alfo be aiding and aflifting to the officers of juftice in the feizing and apprehending fuch offender, in order to bring him to trial: and if any fuch commanding officer (hall wilfully negled or refufe* upon application made to him for that purpofe, to deliver over any fuch accufed perfon to the civil magiftrate, or to be aiding and aflifting to the officers of juftic^ in the apprehending fuch offender; every fuch officer fo offending, and being thereof convided before any two or more juftices of the peace for the county where the fad is committed, by the oath of two credible witneifes, (hall be deemed and taken to be ipfo fafto cafhiered, and (hall be utterly difabled to have or hold any civil or military pffice or employment within this kingdom, or in his Majcfty’s fervice; provided the faid convidion be affirmed at the next quarter feffions of the peace for the faid county, and a certificate thereof be tranfmitted to the judge advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the fame to the next court-martial.

A V. And whereas his Majefty hath been gracioufly pleafed, in compaffion to thg diftrefled condition of feveral widows of officers of the army, who have loft their lives in the fervice of the lat^ war, or during the late rebellion, by orders made under his royal fign manual, to dired his commiflary general of the mufters, to allow upon the mufter-rolls of all the regiments, troops, and companies, a number of fiditious names therein mentioned, inftead of private men, in order to raife and fettle a fund for the inaintenance of fuch widows of officers as are or (hall be intitle<J to his rbyal bounty: therefore, for the more effedually fulfilling his Majefty's faid gracious intentions, with refped to the allowing of fiditious names upon the mufter-rolls of the faid ma-, rine forces While on (hore, for the purpofes aforefaid; be it further enaded and declared by the authority aforefaid, That it (hafl and maybe lawful, dunng the continuance of this ad, to and for the faid lord high admiral, or three or more of the faid comtniffionefs for executing the laid office of lord high admiral for the time being, by orders in writing under his or their refpec-tive hand or hands, to dired the perion for the time being authorized to pay thefaid marine forces, to pay over the full pay of fuch fiditious private men as (hall be allowed on the muuer-rolls of the faid marine forces while on (hore as aforefaid, to the proper receiver appointed'by his majefty, according to fuch orders arid inftrudions as his majefty, (nail be pleafed to iqa^e under his fign manual, for the purpofe aforefaid; and that no allowance of any fuch fiditious name upon any mufter-rollof the faid marine forces while on (hore as aforefaid, (hall be conftrued to be a falfe mufter; any thing in this or any former ad contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And whereas there is and may be occafion forthemarching ar.d quartering of the faid marine forces in feveral parts of this kingdom; be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Xhat

for

51761.] Ajwio feoundo Georoii IH.  57

for and during the continuance of this aft, and no longer, in Co?*Jkbk*» purfuanceof an order or orders, in writing in that behalf, under ^cersTnd*^ the hand of the faid lord high admiral, or under t^e hands of ^en in inns, three or more of the commifiioners for executing the office of ajer^o.Mfoa, lord high admiral for the time being, it (hall and may be lawful Sec. to and tor the conftables, tythingmen, lieadboroughs, and other chief officers and magiftrates of cities, towns, and villages, and other places, within England* JValisy and the town of Berwick itfxa Tweedy and in their default or abfence, for any one jufticc ofthe peace inhabiting in or near any fuch city, towq, village, or place, and for no others; and fuch conftables, and other ci-r v3 magiftrates as aforefaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the marines, both officers and private men in his Majefty’s fervicc, in inns, livery ftables, ale-houfes, viftualling-houles, and thehoufes of fellers of wine by retail to be drank in their own houl^s, or places thereunto belonging, and allhoufesof perfons felling brandy, ftrong waters, cyder, ormetheglin, by retail, to be drank in houfes, other than and except the houfe or houfes of any diftillers, who keep houfes or places of diftilling brandy But in no dif~ and ftrong waters, and the houfe of any (hopkeeper, whofeprin- s houfes cipal dealings fhall be more in other goods and merchandifes, ^ than in brandy and ftrong waters (fo as fuch diftillers and (hop- private " keepers do not permit or fuffer tippling in his or their houfes) houfes* and in no other, and in no private houfes whatfoever, without thp confent of the occupier; nor (hall any more billets gt any time be ordered, than there are effective marines prefent to be quartered: and if any conftable, tythingman, or fuch like officer or magiftrate as aforefaid, (hall prefume to quarter, or billet any fuch ofheer or private man in any fuch private houfe, without the confent of the occupier; in fuch cafe, fuch occupier fhall have bis or their remedy at law againft fuch magiftrate or officer, for the damage that fuch occupier (hall fuftain thereby: and if any marine officer fhall take upon him to quarter private men otherwife than is limited and allowed by this aft, or fhall penalty on ufe or offer any mengee or compulfion to any mayors, conftables, oflf\cers quv< or other civil officers before mentioned, tending to deter and dif- y^men* courage any of them from performing any part of their duty here- contrary to by required or appointed; fuch marine officer (hall for every fuch this aft, Scc* offence (being thereof convifted before any two or more of the next juftipes of the peace of the county, by the oath of two cre-dibkwitncffes) be deemed and taken to be ipfo fafto cafhiered, and (hall be utterly difabled to have or hqld any military employment within this kingdom, or in his Majefty’s fervice; provided the laid conviftion be affirmed at the next quarter feflions of the peace of the faid county, and a certificate thereof, be tranfmitted to the judge advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the fame to tbe next court-martial; and in cafe any perfon fhall find perfons ag-Ijimfelf aggrieved, in that fuch conftable, tythingman, or head- grieved bybe-borougb, chief officer, or magiftrate (fuch chief officer or ma- mg quartered giffarare not being a jufticc of the peajre) has quartered or billet- piai^^ny01* edin his houfe a greater number of marines than heoqght to {unices and

bear

5»

be relieved.

Officers and marines to be furaifhed at the rates herein fet for their provifions.

What inn-, holders may allow men quartered on them, iniiead or meat.

Penalty on taking money toexcufeany perion from quartering.

Anno fecundo GeoRGII III.  [ r 76 r.

bear in proportion to his neighbours; and (hall complain thereof to one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the divifion, city* or liberty* where fuch marines are quartered; or in cafe fuch chief officer or magiftratc (hall be a juftice of the peace, then on complaint made to two or more junices of the peace of fuch divifion, city* or liberty, fuch juftice or juftices refpe<5Ii vely (hall have, and is or are hereby declared to have power to relieve fuch perfon, by ordering fuch and fo many of the faid marines to be removed, and quartered upon fuch other perfon or perfons, as they (hall fee caufe; and fuch other perfon orperfons (hall be obliged to receive fuch marines accordingly.

XVII.  Provided neverthelefe, and it is hereby ena<fted,That the marine officers and private men fo quartered and billeted as afore-faid, (hall be received and furnifhed with diet and fmall beer by the owners of the inns, livery ftables, ale-houfes, victualling-houfes, and the houfes of fellers of wine by retail, to be drank in their own houfes, or places thereunto belonging, and other houfes in which they are allowed to be quartered and billeted by this a<5t; paying and allowing for the fame the fcveral rates herein after-mentioned to be payable out of the fubfiftence-money for diet and fmall beer,

XVIII.  Provided always. That in cafe any innholder or other perfon on whom any non-commiflion officers or private men (hall be quartered by virtue of this aCt (except on a march, or employed in recruiting; and likewife except the recruits by them raifed, for the fpace of fcven days at jnoft, for fuch non-commiflion officers and private men who are recruiting, and recruits by them raifed) (hall be defirous to fumifh fuch non-commiffion officers or private men with candles, vinegar, and fait, and with either (mall beer or evder, hot exceeding five pints for each man per Diem, gratis, an^ allow to fuch non-commiflion officers or private men theufe of fire, arid the neceflary utenfils for drefling and eating their meat, and (hall give notice of fuch his defire to the commanding officer, and (hall fumifh apd allow the fame accordingly; then, and in fuch cafe, the non-commiffion officers and private men fo quartered (hall provide their own vidluals; and the officer to whom it belongs to receive, or who (hall actually receive the pay and fubfiftence of fuch non-commiflion officers and private men, (hall pay thefeveral fums herein after-mentioned to be payable out of the fubfiftence-money for diet and fmall beer, to the non-eommifiion officers and private men aforefaid, and not to the innholder or other perfon on whom fuch non-commiflion officers and private men are quartered; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIX.  Provided always, and be it enadteaby the authority aforefaid,That if any marineofficer (hall take, or caufe to be taken, or knowingly fuffer to be taken, any money of any perfon for excu-fing the quartering of officers or private men, or any of them, in any houfe allowed by this a<ft, every fuch officer fhall be cafhier-ed, and be incapaole of ferving in any military employment whatfoever.

XX. Art

59

1761,3  Anno fccundo Georgii III.

XX.  And whereas it may be for the benefit of thefervice, for fhe commanding officer to have a power to exchange the billets or quarters of marines, quartered in the fame town or placer be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the command- Commanding ing officer of marines, in any town or place where fuch marine °®ccr may forces are quartered, (hall, and he is hereby declared to have power, from time to time, to exchange any marine or marines quarter*, quartered in fuch town or place, for any other marine or marines quartered in the fame town or place, provided the number of men do not exceed the number at that time billeted on fuch houfes refpeftivejy, where fuch men (hall be exchanged; and the conftables, tythingmen, headboroughs, and other chief of- Conftablwto ficers and magiftrates, of the cities, towns, and villages, or other b,Uct places where any of the faid marine forces (hall be quartered, accor in^ * are hereby required to billet fuch men fo exchanged accordingly.

XXL And be it further enafted by the authority aforelaid,! hat Nopaymafter from and after the twenty fifth day of Marcb9 one thoufand fe- &c. to make ven hundred and fixty two, no pay mafter, or other officer or per-fon whatfoever, (hall receive any fees, or make any deductions ^private0”* whatfoever out of the pay of any marine, either officer or private men'* pay. man, in his Majefty’s fervice, or from their agents, which (hall grow due from ana after the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two, other than the ufual de- Exceptions, duftions for cloathing; and twelve pence in the pound to be difpofed of as his Majcfty (hall think fit; and the one day’s pay in the year for the ufe or the royal hofpital at Chelfea\ and fuck other ncceflary deductions as (hall from time to time be directed by the faid lord high admiral, or three or more of the coramif-fioners for executing the office of lord admiral for the time being, by order in writing under his or their refpeCtive hand or hands.

xxn. And that the quarters both of thefaid marine officers and private men, while on fhore, as aforefaid, may, during the continuance of thisadt, be duly paid and fatisfied, and his Majefty’s -duties for excife better anfwered, be it enafted by the authority giVe^tice to aforefaid. That from and after the faid twenty fifth day of innkeeper*ot Marchy one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two, every officer fubiiitence-or other perfon to whom it belongs to receive, or that (lull ac-tually receive, the pay or fubfiftence-money, for one or more * cir ’ particular company or companies of the faia marine forces, or otherwife, (hall immediately, upon each receipt of every particular fum which (hall, from time to time, be paid, returned, or come to his or their hands, on account of payor fubfiftence, give public notice thereof to all perfons keeping inns, or other places where officers or private men are quartered by virtue of this aft; and (hall alio appoint the faid innkeepers, and others, to repair to their quarters at fuch times as they (hall appoint for the diftrl-bution and payment of the faid pay or fubfiftence-money to fuch officers or private men, which (hall be within four days at the fartheft after the receipt of the fame as aforefaid; anti the faid innkeepers, and others, (hall then and there acquaint luch officer or officers with the accounts or debts (if any dull be) between

them

6o

Rates of fub-fiftenceto be paid to inn -keepers, kc. for marines quarters.

Officers not giving notice 6f fubfiftence-money, and paying quarter.

paymafter to satisfy them out of the company’s next'pay.

and officer to be caftiicrcd.

On moving from quarters, the officer to make up accounts, and give certificates for money due, &c. Paymaiter to pay the fum certified for.

Anno fecundo Georgii III. [ 1761.

them and the officers and private men fo quartered in their ref-pedive houfes; which accounts the faid officer or officers is or are hereby required to accept of, and immediately pay the fame, before any part of the faid pay or fubfidence be didributed either to the officers or private men: provided the faid accounts exceed not, for one marine commiflion officer under the degree of a captain, for fuch officer’s diet and fmall beer, per diem, one (hilling ; and if fuch officer (hould have a horfe orhorfes, for each fuch horfe or horfes* for their hay and draw, per diem> fix pence $ nor for one private man’s diet and fmall beer, per diem9 four pence: and if any officer or officers, as aforefaid, (hall not give notice as aforefaid, and (hall not immediately, upon producing fuch account dated, fatisfy, content, and pay the fame; upon complaint and oath made thereof, by any two witnefles, at the next quarter fefiions for the countv or city wherein fuch quarters were (which oath the judices of the peace at fuch fefiions arp hereby authorized and required to adminider) the paymader or perfon for the time being authorized to pay the faid marine forces is hereby required and authorized (upon certificate of the faid judices before whmn fuch oath was made, of the fum due upon fuch accounts, and the perfons to whom the fame is owing) to pay and fatisfy the faid fums out of the arrears due to the faid marine officer or officers, upon penalty that fuch paymader or perfon (hall forfeit their refpedive place or places of paymader or otherwife, and be difeharged from holding the fame for the future: and in cafe there fhall be no arrears due to the faid officer or officers, then the faid paymader or perfon for the time bein* authorized to pay the faid marine forces, is hereby authorized and required toaedud the fums he (hall pay, purfuant to the certificate of the faid judices, out of the next pay or fub-fiflcnce-money of the company to which fuch officer or officers (hall belong; and fuch officer or officers (hall, for fuch their of* fence, or for negleding to give notice ofithe receipt of fuch pay or fubfidence-money, as aforefaid, be deemed and taken, ana are hereby declared ipfo fafto cadiiered. And where it (hall happen that the fubfidence-money due to any marine officer or private man (hall, by occafion of any accident, not be paid to fuch pfficer or private man, or fpeh officer or private man (hall ne-i gled to pay the fame, fo that quarters cannot be, or are not paid, as this ad direds; in every fuch cafe, it is hereby further eri-aded, Thqteyery fuch officer (hall, before his or their departure out of his or their quarters, where fuch company lhall remain for any time whatfoever, piake up the accounts, as this ad di-reds, with every perfon with whom fuch company (hall have quartered, and figri a certificate thereof, and give the faid certificate, fo by him figned, to the party to "whom fuch money is due, wit!) the name of fuch company to which he or they (hall belong; to the end the faid certificate may be forthwith tranfmitted to the proper paymader of the marines, who is hereby required immediately to make payment thereof to the perfon or perfons to whom fuch money fhall be due, to the end the fame may bo

?pplie4

L^ooQle

1761.] Anno fecundo Georgii III. •  61

applied to fuch company, under pain as is before in this a<ft dU redfed for nonpayment of quarters-

XXIII.  And be itena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it Officers, &c. (hall and may be lawful to quarter officers ana private men of his * ^

Majefty’s marine forces in Scotland', in fuch and the like places and janci, as th"e houfes as officers and private men of the land forces might have laws in force . been quartered in by the laws in force in Scotland at the time of a* ^ union the union; and that the poflefforsof fuch houfes (hall only be

liable to furnilh the laid marine officers and private men quartered there, as by the laid laws in force at the time of the union was provided, with refpeft to the officers and private men of the land forces; and that no fuch marine officer (hall be obliged to pay for his lodging, where he lhall be regularly billeted, except in the liiburbs of Edinburgh.

XXIV.  And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Juftices to or-That for the better and more regular, provifion of carriages for foprovtfe ** his Majefty’s marine forces in their marches, or for their arms, carriages for clothes, or accoutrements, in England, fVales> and the town of the marine Berwick upon Tweedy all juftices of the peace, within their feve- forces on

rai counties, ridings, divifions, (hires, liberties, and precin&s,thwr march* being duly required thereunto by the faid lord high admiral, or three or more of the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral for the time being, by an order in writing under his or their refpedtive hand or hands, (hall, as often as fuch order (hall be brought and (hewn unto one or more fuch juftices, by the officer or officers of the company or companies of marines fo ordered to march, iflue out his or their warrant or warrants to the high conftables or petty conftables of the divifion, riding, city, liberty, hundred, or precincft, from, through, near, or to which fuch company or companies (hall be ordered to march; requiring them to make fuch provifion for carriages with able men to drive the fame, as (hall be mentioned in the laid warrant, allowing them fufficient time to do the fame, that the neighbouring parts may not always bear the burthen: and in cafe Efficient carriages cannot be provided within any fuch riding, city, liberty, hundred, divifion, orprecinft; then the next juftice or juftices of the peace of the county, riding, or divifion, (hall, upon fuch order as aforefaid being brought or (hewn to one or more of them, by any of the marine officers aforefaid, iflue his or their warrant or warrants to the high conftables or petty conftables of fuch next county, riding, liberty, divifion, or precin<ft, for the purpofes aforefaid, to make up fuch deficiency: and the aforefaid officer or officers, who by virtue of the aforefaid warrant or warrants from fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, is or are to demand the carriage or carriages therein mentioned, of the high conftable or petty con* ftable to whom the warrant is directed, is and are hereby required at the fame time to pay down in hand to the faid conftable or petty conftable, for the ufe of the peribn who (hall provide fuch carriages and men, the fum of one {billing for every **atcscar. mik any waggon 'with five horfes fhsdl travel i and the fum .of msc*‘

/  one

6a

Penalty on officers forcing waggons to travel more than one day's v journey, &c.

Penalty on conftaSles, icc. neglett.

AhnO fecuncfo GfcoftGIl Ilf. [176*.

one (hilling for eveiy mile any wain with fix oxen, or four oxen with two horfes, mall travel *, and the futn of nine pence for every mile any cart with four horfes (hall travel; and lo in proportion for lefs carriages; for which refpeeftive fums fo received, the faid conftable or petty conftable is hereby required to give a receipt in writing to the perfon or perfons paying^he fame: and fuch conftable or petty conftable (hall order and appoint fuch perfon or peribns, having carriages within their ref-pe&iye liberties, as they fhall think proper, to provide and for-ni(h fuch carriages and men, according to the warrant aforefaid, who are hereby required to provide and fomifh the fame accordingly: and if any marine officer or officers, for the ufe of whofe Company or companies the carriage was provided, (hall force and conftrain any waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, to travel morethanone day's journey, or (hall notdifehargethe famein due time for their return home, or (hall fuffer any marine or (ervant (except fuch as are fick) or any woman to ride in the waggon* wain, cart, or carriage aforefaid, or (hall force any conftable of petty conftable, by threatening* or menacing wonis, to provide (addle horfes for themfelves or fervants, or (hall force horfes from the owners by themfelves, fervants, or private men, every fuch officer, for every fuch offence, (hall forfeit the (urn of five pounds; proof thereof being made upon oath before two of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace of the lame county or riding, who are to certify the fame to the proper paymafter of his Maiefty’s marine forces, who is hereby tequired to pay the aforefaid lum of five pounds accordingly, to the order and appointment underthe hands and feals of fuch juftices of the peace, and is alfb hereby empowered to dedudt the fame out of fuch officer's pay.

XX V. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaia,That if any high conftable or petty conftable (hall wilfully neglecft or refute to execute any fuch warrant of the faid juftice or juftices of the peace, as (hall be directed unto fuch conftable or petty conftable for providing carriages as aforefaid; or if any perfon or perfons, appointed by fuch conftable or petty conftable to provide or fumifh any carriage and man, (hall renife or negleft to provide the fame; or any other perfon or perfons whatsoever fhall wilfully do any a St or thing, whereby the execution of any fuch warrant or warrants (hall be hindered or fruftrated; every fuch conftable, or other perfon or perfons fo offending, (haft, for every fuch offence, forfeit any fum not exceeding forty (hillings, nor lefe than twenty (hiBmgs, to the ufe of the poor of the pa-rifh where anyfuen offence (hall be committed: and all and every fuch offence and offences (hall and may be enquired of, heard, aod fully determined, by two of his Majefty’sjuftices or the peace, dwelling in or near the place where fuch offence (hall be conHnkted* who have hereby power to caufe the faid penalty to be levied by diftrefs and fele of the offender’s goods and chattels, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner.

XX VL And whereas the refpeeftive fums of money by this a<# appointed to be paid to the conftaHes by the officers demanding

Anno fetundo Georgii JII.

.63

fuch carriages, may not, in many cafes, be fufficicnt to anfwerthe charge and expence of providing the fame, whereby the faid conftables may be frequently at great charges, over and above what is received by them of the laid officers, to the great burthen of the townlhip of which they are refpe&ively conftables,. or elfe the perfons furniihing fuch carriages may be grievoufty opprefledi to prevent which, and that fuch overplus charge may be borne by each county or riding, at the general charge of fuch county or riding, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the treafurer or treafurers of each refpe&ive county or riding (hall, without fee or reward, pay unto fuch conflable all and every fuch reafonable fum or Aims of money, Treafurers of lo by him paid or laid out for fuch carriages, over and above the county to what was or ought to have been paid by the marine officer re- repay the conquering fuch carriages, out of the public flock of fuch county or riding, according to fuch rates, orders, rules, and directions, charges, as the (aid juftices of the peace, in their quarter feffions aflem-bled, within their refpective jurifdictions, lhall, from time to time, during the continuance of this act, make, direct, and appoint (which orders (hall be made without fee or reward) regard being always had to the feafon of the year, and the length and condition of the roads through which fuch carriages are to travel.

XXVII.  And in cafe the faid publicftockof the county orriding be not fufficient f over and above the other purpofes for which it was raifed) to latisfy the extraordinary charge of carriages before-mentioned j it is hereby further enacted, That the faid juf- The money tkes of the peace in the general quarter feffions (hall have power, tor thole pur-from time to time, to raife monies upon the refpective counties P°k8.J?°w to or ridings in fuch manner as they now raife monies for building e m c *

or repairing county gaols and bridges, to fatisfy the faid extraordinary charge of carriages.

XXVIII.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no No waggon, waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, impreffedbyauthorityof this act, to

ftiall be liable or obliged, by virtue of this act, to carry above dredVe^ht”" twenty hundred weight; any thing in this act contained to the  **

contrary notwithftanding.

XXIX.  Andbeitfurther enacted,Thatthe carriages for the fer- Carriages in vice of the marine forces quartered or marching in Scotland^ lhall be Scotland how provided in like manner, and at the rates, and the fumifher of Pro" fiich carriages lhall be paid, as was directed by the law in force V1 e

in Scotland^ at the time of the union, with regard to the furniihing carriages for land forces.

XXX.  And beitenactedby theauthorityaforefaid,Tbatif any Marines officer, military or civil, by this act authorized to quarter marines wives, &c, in any houfes hereby appointed for that purpofe, lhall at any j^^ered time during the continuance of this act, quarto* any of the without con-wives, children, men, or maid-fervants of any officer or marine in font.

any fuch houfes, againft the confent of the owners; the party offending, if an officer of the marines, lhall, upon complaint Penalty, and proof thereof made to the commiffioners for ejtfcuting the

of^cc

^

“

Penalty on officers or marines deftroy-ing the game.

64  Annb  lecundo  GeoIigii  ifl.  [176/.

office of lord high admiral, or judge advocate, be ipfo fa3° calhiered; and if $ conftable, tythingman, or other civil officer, he (hall forfeit to the party aggrieved twenty (hillings, upon complaint and proof thereof made to the next juftice of the peace, to be levied by warrant of fuch juftice, by diltrefs and fate of his goods, rendering the overplus to the party, after deducting reafonable charges in taking the fame.

XXXI.  And for the better prefervation of the game, in orneair fuch place, where any officers or foldiers (hall at any time be quartered ; be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if, from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feveri hundred and fixy two, any officer or marine (hall, without leave of the lord of the manor, under his hand and feal, firft had and obtained, take, kill, or deftroy, any hare, coney, pheafant, partridge, pigeon, or any other fort of fowls, poultry, or fi(h, or his Majefty’s game, within the kingdom of Great Britain; and upon complaint thereof (hall be, upon oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, convicted before any juftice orjufticesof the peace, who is and are hereby impowered and authorized to hear and determine the fame; (that is to fay) every officer fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five pounds, to be diftributed among the poor of the place where fuch offence (hall be committed; and every officer commanding in chief upon the place, for every fuch offence committed by any marine under his command, (hall forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings, to be paid and diftributed in manner aforefaid; and if, upon conviction made by the juftices of the peace, and demand thereof alfo made by the conftable or overfeers of the poor, fuch officer (hall refufe or neglect, and not within two days pay the faid refpective penalties, fuch officer fo refilling or neglecting (hall forfeit, and is hereby declared to have forfeited, his com-miffion, and his commiflion is hereby declared to be null and void.

XXXII.  And whereas feveral marines whobeing duly entered may afterwards defert, and be found wandering, or otherwifeab-fenting themfelves illegally from hisMajefty’sfcrvice; it is hereby further enalted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the conftable, headborough, or tythingman of the town or place, where any perfon, who may be reafonably fufpected to be fuch a deferter, (hall be found, to apprehend, or caufe him to be apprehended, and to caufe fuch perfon to be brought before any juftice of the peace, living in or near fuch town or place, who is hereby impowered and required to examine fuch fufpe&ed perfon } and if b/ his confeffion, or the teftimony of one or more witnefs or witneffes upon oath, or by the knowledge of fuch juftice of the peace, it (hall appear or be found, that fuch fufpedted perfon is a marine duly entered, and ought to be with the

Juftice to  company to which hebelongs; fuch juftice of the peace (hall forth-

coramit them, wjth caufe him to be conveyed to the gaol of the county or place where he (hall be found; or to the houfe of correction, or other public priftn in fuch town or place where fuch deferter (hall be

apprehended* 

Conftable* may apprehend defert-ers, and carry them before a juftice.

roi.]

Anno fecundo GeIorgii III.

65

preherided; or to the Savoy, in cafe fuch deferter (hall be ap-ncnded within the cities of London or fVeJlminJler, or places ^acent; and tranfmit an account thereof to the fecretary of and tranfmit t admiralty for the time being, to the end fuch perfon may be account to Dceeded againft according to law: and the keeper of luch QfthV^dmi^ iol, houfc of correction, or prifon, (hall receive the full fub- raity, fence of every fuch deferter, during the time he (hall continue Gaol-keeper , his cuftody, for the maintenance of fuch deferter ; but (hall t0^civeth? it be intituled to any fee or reward, on Account of the imprifon- ^f^ers^but ent of ^ny fuch deferter; any law, ufege, or cuftom, to the no other fee, Iptrary notwithftanding.  &c.

XXXIII.  And, for the better encouragement of any perfon or exfibns to fecure or apprehend fuch deferters; be it further enabled ythe authority ,afbrdaid, That fuch juftice of the peace (hall alfo Reward for ^ Sue his warrant in writing to the collector or collectors of fertera,^ ** he land tax money of the pari(h or townfhip where fuch dc-ertcr (hall be apprehended, for paying out of the land tax mo-icy, arifen or to arife in the year one thoufand feven hundred mid fixty two, into the hands of fuch perfon or perfons who *

(hall apprehend, or caufe to be apprehended, any luch deferter from his Majefty’s fervice, the fum of twenty (hillings for every Each deferter that (hall be foapprehended and committed; whicn fan of twenty (hillings (hall be fatisfied by fuch collector or collectors to whom fuch warrant (hall be directed, and allowed upon his or their account.

XXXIV.  Andbeit furtheretiacted,Thatifanyperfon(hall liar-* Penalty on boor* conceal, or aflift any deferter from his majefty’s marine fer- Per[ons ,c®n' rice,kxiowing him to be fuch; the perfon fo offending (hall forfeit, ers/or buying fix every fuch oflFence, the fum of five pounds; or if any per- their arms, fen fhaD knowingly detain, buy, or exchange, or othenvjfe re- clothes, &c. ceive, any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the King, from any marine or marine deferter, upon any account or pretence whatsoever, or caufe the colour of fuch clothes to be changed; every fuch perfon fo offending in each, any, or either of the cafes aforefaid, (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fern of five pounds; and upon conviction by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, before any one or more of his Majcfty’s juft ices of the peace, the faid refpective penalties of five pounds, and five pounds, (hall be levied by warrant under the hands of the faid juftice or juftices of the peace, by dif-trefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the offender; one moiety of the faid firft-mentioned penalty of five pounds to be paid So the informer, by whofe means fuen deferter (hall be apprehended ; and one moiety of the faid laft-mentioned penalty of five pounds to be paid to the informer; and the refidue of the faid respective penalties to be paid to the officer to whom any fuch deferter or marine did or doth belong: and in cafe any fuch offender, who (hall be convicted, as aforefaid, of harbouring or alfifting any fuch deferter or deferters; or having know-ingtyreceived any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the King: or having caufed the colour of fuch clothes to Vol. XXV.  F  be

v^ooQle

66  Anno fccundo GeoROU III. [1761.

be changed, contrary to the intent of this ad, (hall not have fuf-ficient goods and chattels, whereon diftrefs may be made, to the value of the penalties recovered againft him for fuch offence, or fhall not pay fuch penalties within four days after fuch conviction; then, and in fuch cafe, fuch juftice or juftices of the peace (hall and may, by warrant under his or their hand and feal, or hands and (eals, either commit fuch offender to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the fpace of three months, orcaufe fuch offender to be publicly whipt, at the diferetion of fuch iuftice or juftices.

This ad to XXXV. Provided always, That fo much ofthis ad as relates to extend to de- thepunifhment of fuch who (hall harbour,conceal,or affift defert-ferters, in crs> or  knowingly detain, buy, exchange, or otherwifereceive,

Ireland. any arms^ ci0thes, caps, or other fiirniture belonging to the King, from any marine or marine deferter, or caufe the colour of fuch clothes to be changed, (hall extend, to all ends and purpofes whatfoever, to Ireland, and (hall be put in execution in that kingdom, by all juftices of the peace, and other officers refpec-tively, according to the tenor, and during the continuance of this ad.

XXXVI.  And be it further enadedby the authority aforefaid. That this ad,and every thing herein contained, (hall be and continue in force from thefaid twenty fifth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thoufand (even hundred and fixty two, until the twenty fifth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fixty three.

XXXVII.  And to prevent,as far as may be,any unjuft or fraudulent arrefts that may be made upon marines, whereby his majefty and the public may be deprived of their fervice; it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon whatfoever, who is entered, or (hall enter himfelf as a volunteer in his Ma-

Continuance of this act.

No volunteer liable to pro-

10I.

Oath of the debt to be made before a judge.

cefs, unlefs for jefty’s fervice, as a marine, during the continuance of this ad, fome criminal (hall be liable to be taken out of his Majefty’s fervice by any or^unlei's for Proce^s or execution whatfoever, other than tor fome criminal areal debt of matter, unlefs for a real debt, or other juft caufe of adion; and the value of unlefs, before the taking out of fuch procefs or execution (not feeing for a criminal matter) the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein, or fome other perfon or perfons on his or their behalf, (hall make affidavit before one or more judge or judges of the court of record, or other court, out of which fuch procefs or execution (hall iffuc, or before fome perfon authorized to take affidavits in fuch courts, that to his or their knowledge the original fum, juft-ly due and owing to the plaintiff or plaintiffs from the defendant or defendants, in the adion or caufe of adion on which fuch procefs (hall iffue, or the original debt for which fuch execution (hall be iflued out, amounts to the value of ten pounds at leaft, over and above all cofts of fuit in the fame adion, or in and a memo- any other adion on which the fame (hall be grounded; a me-thereoiTraark- maran^um °f which oath (hall be marked on the back of fuch ed on the back Procefs or writ; for which memorandum or oath no fee (hall be of the procefs; taken: and if any-perfon (hall neverthelefs be arrefted contrary

• to

L^ooQle

6;

1761.] Anno fecundo GeoRGH III.

to the intent of this act, it fhall and may be lawful for one or more judge or judges of fuch court, upon complaint thereof made by the party himfelf, or by any his fuperior officer, to examine into the fame by the oath of the parties, or otherwife, and ©therwifejpri-by warrant under his or their hands and feals, to difeharge fuch d°ifchVrgcd, marine fo arrefted contrary to the intent of this act, without with colts/ paying any fee or fees, upon due proof made beforehimorthem, that fuch marine fo arrefted, was legally entered as a marine in his Majeftv’s fervice, and arrefted contrary to the intent of this act, and alfo to award to the party fo complaining, fuch cofts as fuch judge or iudges (hall think reafonable: for the recovery whereof, be (hall have the like remedy that the perfon who takes out the faid execution might have had for his cofts, or the plaintiff in the like action might have had for the recovery of his cofts, in cafe judgment had been given for him with cofts againft the defendant in the faid action.

XXXVIII.  Andtotheend that honeft creditors, who aim only at the recovery of their jufts debts due to them from perfons entered as marines in hisMajefty’s fervice, may not behindered from fuing for the fame, but on the contrary may be aflifted and forwarded in their fuits; and inltead of an arreft, which may at once hurt the fervice, and occafion a great ex pence and delay to themfelves, may be enabled to proceed in a more fpeedy and cheap method 5 beitfurther enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and Plaintiff giv. may be lawful to and for any plaintiff or plaintiffs, upon notice ing notice, firft given in writing of the caufe of action to fuch perfon or per- may a fons fo entered, or left at his or their laft place of refidence be-fore fuch entering, to file a common appearance in any action P * to be brought for or upon account of any debt whatfoever, fo as to intitle fuch plaintiff to proceed therein to judgment and out- and proceed lawry, and to have an execution thereupon, other than againft anAexwu-* the body or bodies of him or them fo entered as aforefaid ; this tjon> act, or any thing herein, or any former law or ftatute, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Pen*,t3r on That if any high conftable, conftable, bedel, or other officer or  to*

perfon whatfoever, who,by virtue or colour of this act, (hall quarter quarterma-or billet,or be employed in quartering or billeting,any marine of- nnei. ficers or private men, (hall neglect or 1 efufe, for the fpace of two hours, to quarter or billet fuch officers or marines when thereunto required, in (uch manner as is by this act directed, provided fufficient notice be given before the arrival of fuch forces ; or fhall receive, demand, contract, or agree for any fum or Penalty on fums of money, or any reward whatfoever, for or on account of excufe°any excufing, or in order to excufe any perfon or perfons whatfoever perfon from7 from quartering or receiving into his, her, or their houfe or quartering, houfes any fuch officer or marine; or in cafe any victualler, or any other perfon, liable by this act to have any officer or marine billeted or quartered on him or her, fhall refufe to receive or and on vic-victual any fuch officer or marine fo quartered or billeted upon tuallers refuf-him or her as if orefaidj or fhall refufe to furnifh or allow, ac- inf 7°*^?

Fa  cording  mannCf‘

To prevent abufes in quartering, ju dices may order confra* hies to give an account of the number of officers, and private men> and vhere quartered.

CJaufe for relief of perfons h idi’.y lilting $wmie!t ct.

Anno fccundo Georgii III. [\j6i*

cording to the directions of this act, the feveral things herein tie-fpre refpe&ively directed to be fumilhed of allowed to non-commiffion officers and marines fo quartered or billeted on him or her as aforefaid, at the rate herein before-mentioned, and (hall be thereof convidted before anyone or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the county, city, or liberty, within which fuch offence (hall be committed, either by his own confeflion, or lay the oathVof one or more credible witnefs or witnefles (which oath the faid juftice or juftices is and are hereby impowered to adminifter) every fueh high conftable, conftable, bedel, or other officer or perfon fo offending, (hall forfeit, for every fuch offence, the fum of five pounds, or any fum of money not exceeding five pounds, nor lets than forty (hillings (as the faid juftice or juftices, before whom the matter (hall be heard, (hall, in his or their diferetion, think fit) to be levied by diftrefs andfale of the goods of the perfon offending, by warrant under the hand and feal, or hands and feals, of fuch juftice or juftices, before whom fuch offender (hall be convicted* or of one or more of them, to be directed to any other conftable within the county, city, or liberty, or to any of the overfeers of the poor of the pa-rim where the offender (hall dwell; and the faid (urn of five pounds, or the faid fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than forty (hillings, when levied, td be paid to the overfeers of the poor of the pari(h where the offence (hall be committed, or to fome one of them, for the ufe of the poor of fuch pari(h.

XL. And, for the better preventing abufes in quartering or feilletingthe marines, in ptfrfuance of this act; beitfurther enacted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace, within their refpective counties, cities, or liberties, by warrant or order under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, at any time or times during the continuance of this act, to require and command any high conftable, conftable, bedel, or other officer, who (hall quarter or billet any marines in purfuance of this act, to give an account in writing unto the faid juftice or juftices requiring the fame, of the number of officers and pri vate men who (hall be quartered or billeted by them, and alfo the names of the houfekeepers or perfons, upon whom every fuch officer or private man (hall be quartered or billeted, together with an account of the ftreet or place where every fuch houfekeeper dwells, and the figns (if any) belonging to their houfes; to the end it may appear to the faid juftice or juftices where fuch officers and private men are quartered or billeted, and that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent or punilh all abufes in the quartering or billeting of them.

XLI. Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby declared by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty fifth day of March, onethoufand feven hundred and.fixty two, when and as often as any perfon or perfons (hall be inlifted as a marine or marines in his Majeftv’s fervice, he and they (hall, within four days, but not fooaer than twenty four hours, after fuch inlifting

refpedtively.

1761.3  Ann4  fectindo  Georgii  Itl.  6g

refpedtively, be carried before the next juftice of the peace of any county, nding, city, or place, or chief magiftrate of any city or town corporate (not being an officer of marines) and before fuch juftice or chief magiftrate, he or they (hall be at liberty tp declare bis or their diffent to fuch inlifting; and upon fuch declaration, and returning the inlifting-money, and alfo each per* fon fo diffenting paying the fum of twenty (hillings for the charges expended or laid out upon him, fuch perfon or perfons fo inufted (hall be forthwith difeharged and fet at liberty, in the prefence of fuch juftice or chief magiftrate; but if fuch perfon or perfons (hall refufe or ncgletf, within the fpace of twenty four hours, to return and pay fuch money, as aforefaid, he or they (hall be deemed and taken to be inlifted, as if he or they had given his or their aflent thereto before the faid juftice or chief magiftrate; or if fuch perfon or perfons (hall declare his or their having voluntarily inlifted himfelf or themfelves, then fuch juftice or chief magiftrate (hall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his hand, that fuch perfon or perfon is or are duly inlifted; fetting forth the place of the birth, age, and calling of him or them refpe&ively (if known) and that the fe-cond and third fedions of the articles of war for the better government of his Majefty’s marine forces while on (hore in Great Britain or Ireland, were read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the oath of fidelity mentioned in the twelfth fe&ion of the faid articles of war; ana if any fuch perfon or perfons, fo to be certified as duly inlifted, (hall refufe to take the faid oath of fidelity before the faid juftice or chief magiftrate, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch officer, from whom he has received fuch money as aforefaid* to detain or confine fuch perfon or perfons, until he or they (hall take the oath before required; and every officer of marines that (hall adl contrary hereto, or offend herein, upon proof thereof upon oath made by two witnefles before a general court-martial to be thereupon called, (hall, for fuch offence, be forthwith cafhiered and difplaced from fuch his office, and (hall be thereby utterly difabled to have or hold any civilor military office or employment within this kingdom, or in his Majefty's fervice.

XLIlProvidedal^, andit is heraiw declared, That all his Marine forCM Majelty s marine forces, as well officers aspqvate men, mall,from being borne time to time, during their being refpe^velyhqme as part of the as part of the complement of any of his Majesty's (hips or veffels, be fubjetf or complement liable in like manner, in all refpefts, as any officers or (eamen ^a^are iiab^e employed in his Majefty’s fea fervice are fubjeeft and liable to be to be govern-governed and proceeded againft and punifhed for offences ed by the committed by them during the time they (hall be borne as part rules ettabliflw of the complement of fuch (hips or veffels, according to the pur-  i£

port, tenor, effect, and true intent and meaning of an act'of parliament made in the twenty fecond year of the reign of his late Maiefty King George the Second, intituled, an afi for amending^ fxpkintngy and reducing into one ah of parliament, the laws relating fo the government of his Majejly.s Jkips, veffels, and forces fo

F}  _M

vjj0O^IC

Anno fecundo Georgii III. [1761.'

fees; this prefent a<fl, or any thing herein contained notwith-ftanding.

CAP. XIII.

An aR for appointing commijjioners for putting in execution an aR of this fejfton of parliament,  ,An aft for

granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year One thoufand feven hundred and fixty-two.

THE commiflioners herein named, are impowered to put the land-tax aft of this feflion in execution, as fully as if they had been fpecially named in, and appointed by the faid aft; and they are to be fubjeft to the like qualifications, penalties, and forfeitures.

CAP. XIV.

An aft to prevent vexatious proceedings againft brewers, victuallers, and others, with refpeft to the prices of beer and ale \ for better fecuring the revenue upon Jlrong beer and ale, by preventing fraudulent mixing thereof \ to repeal fo much of an aft made in the firft year of the reign of bis prefent Majefty, as extends ter tain proviftons relative to the exportation of fpirituous liquors to the exportation of Jlrong beer and ale *, and for the more effeftual preventing the re-landing of beer, ale, cyder, ana mum, jhipped for exportation as merchandize.

Preamble. XT7HEREAS brewers, inn-keepers, victuallers,or other retailers V V of Jlrong beer or ale, have been threatened with, and may be fubject to, vexatious profecutions for advancing, or having advanced, the price of Jlrong beer or ale, however juftly and reafonably: now, in order to prevent fuch vexatious proceedings, may it pleafe your moft excellent Majefty, that it may be enacted; and be it therefore enaftsd by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice ana cOnfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, ifi this prefent parliament nffembled, and by tfie authority of the The price pf fame> That no brewer, inn-keeper, viftualler, or other retailer ftrortg beer of ftrong beer or ale (hall, at any time hereafter, be fued, inland ale may pleaded, or molefted, by indiftment, information, popular be reafonably a<5H0n, or otherwife, for advancing, or having advanced, the without fub- P^ce ft1*011!?; beer or ale in a reasonable degree; any law or jefting the ftatute to the contrary notwithftahding.

vender to pro-  11. And whereas the mixing ftrong beer, ale, or ftrong worts,

feeption. with fmall beer or fmall worts, or with water, either by the brewer, after the gauge thereof hath been taken, or by the viftualler, after fuch ftrong beer, ale, or ftrong worts, (hall be fold and delivered to him or her, is greatly detrimental to his Majefty’s revenue, and is an impofition upon the confumer, and hinders the fale of genuine ftrong beer and ale; and the pro-yifions already eftablilhed by law are found to be infufficient to prevent thp fame : for remedy thereof, and for the more effe<ftual t  prevention

Anno fccundo Georgii III.  Ji

prevention of fuch frauds, be it hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the palling of this aft, if any 5ol. penalty common or other brewer, inn-keeper, victualler, or retailer of on fraudu-beer or ale, lhall mix, or caufe or fuffer to be mixed, in any veflel, tub, meafure, or otherwife howfoever, any ftrong beer, aJ °ror ftrong ale, or ftrong worts, with any fmall beer or fmall worts, or wo’rti, with with water, after the gauge of fuch ftrong beer, qje, or ftrong other liquors, worts, {hall have been taken by an officer of excife, every fuch perfbn fo offending, for every fuch offence, (hall refpeftively forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds.

III. And whereas by a claule in an aft of parliament paffed in Recital of the firft year of the reign of hisprefentMajefty, intituled, Anafl claufe in aft for granting to bis Madefy an additional duty upon ftrong bar and 1 ^eo* alt; and for raifing toe fum of twelve millions by way of annuitiesy and a lottery^ to be charged on the faid duty ; and for further encou raging the exportation of ftrong beer and ale; it was provided and enadted, That all the rules, regulations, directions, powers, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, which, bv an aft made in the then laft leflion of parliament (intituled, An alt for preventing the excejjive ufe offpiritucus liquors by laying additional duties thefeon \ for Jhortening the prohibition of making low wines and fpirits from wheat, barley, malty or other grain, and from mealy floury and bran \ for encouraging the exportation of Britifh made JpiritSy and for more effeltually fecuring the duties payable upon fpiritSy and preventing the fraudulent re-landing or importation thereof) were provided, fettled, eftablifhed, and inflifted, for and in refpeft to the paying and allowing the drawback and bounty thereby granted upon fpirits exported as merchandize, and for preventing, detefting, and punilhing, frauds and a-bufes in the relanding the fame, and all other frauds and a-bufes previous to the (hipping, or relating to the exportation of fuch fpirits, and the obtaining fuch drawback and bounty, not otherwife thereby altered, Ihould, except fuch parts as relate to the fize of the cafks, and burden of the (hips or veffels, be ex-ercifed, praftifed, applied, levied, recovered, and put in execution, for paying and allowing the drawback and bounty thereby granted upon beer and ale, and for preventing, detefting, and punilhing, frauds and abufes in the re-landing fuch beer or ale, and all other frauds and abufes previous to the (hipping, or relating to the exportation thereof, and the obtaining of the faid drawback and bounty, as fully and effeftually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid rules, regulations, directions, powers, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and thing*, vrere particularly repeated, and again re-enafted, in the body of the faid recited aft: and whereas it is found by experience, that the like rules, regulations, and direftions, which are eftablifhed for enforcing the due exportation of fpirits, are not neceffary to enforce the due exportation of ftrong beer or ale, but are found to be inconvenient \ be it therefore enafted and declared by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the paffing of this the faid recited claufe, smd every article,

F +  matter.

72

The recited daufe repealed.

Provifion in aftiWill,& Mary.

All beer, ale, cyder, and mum, which ihall be relanded, &c. after being ihipped for exportation, is to be forfeits ed,with 50K for every cask thereof.

Recovery and application of penalties.

General iffue.

Treble cofts.

Anno fecundo Georgii in. [176*.

matter, and thing, therein contained, (hall lie and are hereby repealed, and made null and void.  *

IV.  And whereas the proviiion eftabli(hedby an adt of parliament made in the firft year of the reign of their late Majefties K\ngWilIiam and Queen Mary, intituled. An aft for the exportation of beery aley cyder, and mum; for preventing the re-landing the faid liquors Jbipped in am veffel for exportation, as merchandize; extends only to the re-landing fuch liquors within the kingdom of Eng-landy dominion of Wales,, and town of Berwick upon Tweed: and whereas it is neceflary that the'faid provifion (hould be a-mended and enforced, ana extended to all parts of Great Britain; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-two, if any merchant or matter of any (hip or veffel, or other perfon, (hall caufe or fuffer any of the faid liquors, which (hall be (hipped for exportation as merchandize, to be unihipped, unladen, or laid on land, or put into any other (hip or veflel wjthin the kingdom of Great Britain, he, (he, or they (hall forfeit the fame, together with the calks and package containing tjie fame, and alio the fum of fifty pounds for every calk of fuch refpedtive liquor he, (he, or they (hall fo unduly un(hip, unlade, or lay on land, or put on board any other (hip or veffel; which faid refpedtive liquors fo unduly un-(hipped, unladen, or laid on land, pr put on board any other (hip or veflel, (hall and may bp feized by any officer or officers pf the cuftoms or excife.

V.  And be it further enadted and declared by the authority aforefaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures impofed by this a dt, (hall be fued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by fuch ■Ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excife or other duties, under the management pf the commiflion-ers of excife, or by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at We/lmipjlery or in the court of exchequer in Scotland refpedtively; and that one moiety pf every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Ma-jefty, his heirs, and fucceuors, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall difcover, inform, or fue for the fame.

VI.  And be it hereby further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall be lued, molefted, or pro-fecuted for any thing done by virtue or in purfuance of this adt, fuch perfon or perfons ihall and may plead the general iffue, and give this adt and the fpecial matter in evidence, in his or their defence or defences; and if afterwards a verdidt ihall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs ihall difcontinue his, her, or their adtion or adtions, or be noniuited, or judgment ihall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or ptherwife -, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded to him, her, or them, againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP.

Anno fecuncjo Georgii III.

73

CAP. XV.

tbi a3 for the better [upplying the cities of London and Weftminfter with fijhy and to reduce the prefent exorbi-tant price thereof -9 and to protect and encourage fijhcr-

men.

WHEREAS the better fupplying the cities of London and Preamble.

Weftminfter with fijh, and encouraging fijhermen, and giersi to employ themfeives in Jijhing on the Jea coajis, and a the navigable rivers of Great Britain, will tend to reduce the pcfent exorbitant price of fijh: may it therefore pleafe your Ma- G ... jt/tj that it may he enacted; and be it enabled by the King’s moft cenccTo any excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the perfonfthough lords (ptritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par- not a fifh-liament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from ”lonS€r> to and after the pafling of this act, it fhall be lawful for any per- mUa^tafe^. fern, although not brought up in the trade of a filhmonger, to coaft, oriiver, buy [fubject to, and under, the reftrictions herein after con- See. timed) at any market, fea coaft, creek, port, haven, bank of any fi(h in any river, or-place, in Great Britain, any fifh in feafon, which (hallnotbeunfizeable, or under the dimenfions of the fame re- lze? e’ Ipcctively, by the laws now in force, are allowed to be fent to ^dmeddue* the city of Londony paying the ufual and accuftomed dues at at ^ 0f the places where any fuch fifti (hall be fo purchafed ; and after- purchafe* wards to fell again all fuch fifh in public or fixed (hops, ftalls, and to fell the orhoufes, in any other market in Great Britain, where fifh or fame again in flethareor ufually have been fold, in manner by this act pre-fenbed, paying only the ufual ftallage or market dues paid at * . ar. * every fuch market, without incurring any penalty or forfeiture; f^ualTnarket any law, ftatute, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary thereof in dpcsj any wife notwithftanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore- Covent Gar-faid, That nothing herein before contained (hall extend, or be de” *parkct, conftrued or taken to extend, to permit, impower, or authorize, cilia* thereof, any perfon or perfons to fell, or expofe to or for fale, any fifh excepted. * in Covent Garden market, or in any of the precincts thereof, in the county of Middlefex.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Such fifti not no fifh allowed to be bought as aforefaid, (hall be (old again by berefold by the firft purchafer thereof, or any of his or her agents or fer- chafer, iSstbre vants, before fuch fifh (hall have been conveyed by land car- the fame (hall nage, or otherwife, to the cities of London or IVeJiminjler, or be brought to fuch other places in Great Britain, as the proprietor or proprie- *-°ndon °I ton thereof (hall think fit, from time to time, to confign the 0^ towher^r* fimeto; under pain that every one who (hall offend in the pre- configned, mifles (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of .  .

twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied in manner herein a*|pcn ** after mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,That allfuchfilh, allowed to be purchafed as aforefaid, (hallbepermit-

ted

74

Anno fecundo GeoRGII III.

[1761.

Fiji Machine O/ify;

and are to be

and to be con- ted to be, from time to time, fent and conveyed to the place or veyed to the places to which the proprietor or proprietors thereof (hall think finnedC with  to con^SA kme, without being fubjedt or liable to be

oin telngVia- topped, in any city, market town, or place, in order to be ble to be (top- fold or expofed to fale there, under pretence of any cuftom or ped, and ex- ufage whatfoever.

pofed to Tale y ^d, for the morc expeditious conveyance of fifh by land oat eway. carrjage5 it alfo ena&ed by the authority afbre&id, That ployed^n the cvei7 carriage which lhall be ufed for the conveyance of fuch ffcrvice are to fifh as aforefaid, (hall only carry fi(h, allowed to be bought as carryfi(honly, aforefaid, therein, with the neceflary package and implements and to be which (hall belong to fuch carriage; and (hall be marked on marked on the outfide Fiji Machine Only; and (hall have the name or the outfide, nameS5 and place or places of abode, of the refpedlive owner or owners thereof, entered at the office of the commifiioners for

_______  ^  ^  licenfmg hackney coaches; and for every fuch entry, only one

entered at the (hilling (hall be paid to the clerk there; and the faid commif-bffice for li- fioners are hereby required to receive evqry fuch refoedtive en-cenfmg hack- try5 and to caufe the fame to be regiftered in the laid office; payin^ts^for an<* afterwards the refpe&ive number of every fuch refpedlive the rafter- carriage (hall be marked on fome confpicuous part of the outing;  fide thereof, in large figures, painted, or elfe fhall be put on

and number- lead or other metal, and (hall be fixed in the front, or on one ed,on penalty 0f the (hafts, or fome other confpicuous part of every fuch re-fpedtive carriage; and that no fifh carriage fhall be deemed or taken to be a common ftage waggon, wain, or cart: and if any one fhall negledt to comply with and perform what is herein before directed, touching the marking, regiftering, numbering, and keeping the number of every fuch refpedtive carriage on They fhall be fome part thereof, and (hall be convi&ed of any fuch negledl, permitted to *in manner herein after-mentioned, he fhall forfeit and pay, for travel with 4. every fuch negledl, the fum of forty (hillings ; to be levied, re-or wVth”iaifS> covered, and applied, as herein after is diredled. horfe; or VI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,That 3 hories m ^ every fuch fifh carriage numbered and marked as aforefaid, fhall length 5 tho* permjtted to travel, pafs, or be drawn on any turnpike road, wheelT^™ by any number of horfes in pairs not exceeding four, or by any and (hall only fingle horfe, or by any number of horfes at length not exCeed-pay the like * ing three, although the fellies of the wheels of any fuch fi(h carriage (hall not be of the breadth or gauge of nine inches from fide to fide; and that every fuch fi(h carriage (hall only pay the like toll, at every turnpike-gate or bar through which every fuch fifh carriage (hall pal's, as poll chaifes, or other chaifes, drawn by a like number of horfes, or by a (ingle horfe, aiiowed totra- by the laws now in force, are fubjcdl and liable to pay there, vtl on fun- VII. And be it alfo enadted by the authority aforefaid. That davs and ho- eVery Tuch fifh carriage as aforefaid fhall be allowed to travel,pafs, y a?li* if anc* ke drawn, on fundays and holydays, on any road, whether the returned ^en or returning empty ; and that the horfe or horfes which horfes of fuch fhall return from drawing any fuch fifh carriage, although rode carriages; on by any driver of any fuch tilh carriage, of drayvipg back any

empty

of 40s.

and are not liable to be deemed common ftage waggons, &c,

toll as poft chaifes, &c. drawn by a like number of horfes ;

and (hall be

75

1761.]  '  Anno  fecundo  GfioRCii  III,

empty filh carriage, (hall alfo be allowed to pafs on fundays and holydays on any road, without any driver of any fuch fifh carriage, or the ridef on any fuch horfe as aforefaid, incurring any penalty for fo travelling therewith.

VIII.  Providedalways,andbe it enabled by the authority afore- and .nci*her find, That no toll (hall at any time be paid for any fuch fi(h carriage returning without fim, or for any horfe Or horfes turning emp~. which (hall draw the fame back empty, for pafling on any ty, (hall be lia-turnpike-road, or through any turnpike-gate or bar, or for any t0 P*y horfe or horfes returning from drawing any fuch fifh carriage to *

laden as aforeftid, although fuch horfe or horfes, or any of them, (hall be rode on by any driver of any fuch filh carriage, and although fuch horfe or horfes (hall not draw back any fuch empty fifh carriage.

IX.  And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That and any if any perfon (hall put any game, or any other thing except fifh

afore&id, and the bafleets and other neceflary package in befides fim, which the fame (hall be packed, and the neceflary implements and the ne-of every fuch fhh carriage, into any fuch fifh carriage to be con- ceifary imple-veyed thereby; eveiy perfon, other than the driver of any fuch  ~

fim carriage, who (nail fo put any game or other thing than put [herein6 fi(h, and the bafkets and other neceflary package and imple-for convey* ments as aforefaid, into any fuch fifh carriage, and to be there- wee, by conveyed, (hall, On being convicted thereof in manner the perfon herein after mentioned, forfeit and pay for every fuch offence the fiun of five pounds, to be leviea, recovered, and applied,  or~

in manner herein after fpecified: and if the driver of any fuch and fifh carriage (hall take up, or fuffer any paffenger, game, or *cr fhaiuake* other thing except fifh, and the bafkets and other neceflary up, or fuffer package and implements as aforefaid, to be at any time carried any pafienger, or conveyed in or by any fuch fifh carriage; every driver of every fuck fifh carriage, who (hall fo offend in the premifles, earned there-and be tnereof convicted in manner herein after mentioned, in,

(hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of forty he (ball forfeit (hillings, to be recovered and applied in manner herein after *os* mentioned : and if, on the conviction of any driver of any fuch and on non-fifh carriage, the fum forfeited fhall not be forthwith paid, the ^ committed juftice or juftices before whom any fuch driver of arty fuch fifli  to  *

carriage (hall be convicted, (hall, by warrant under his hand hard labour and feal, of their hands and feals, commit every fuch driver of tor any time any fuch fifh carriage, who fhall be fo as aforefaid convicted, to J^th^ the houfe of correction of the county, city, or place, in which one mon the offence for which any fuch driver was convicted, or where any fuch driver (hall be apprehended, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month, as any juftice or juftices (hall order, unlefs the money forfeited (hall be fooner paid.

X.  And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That if bulk (hall if the owner or any other perfon who (hall have the care or be broke of conduct of any fuch fi(h carriage as aforefaid, which after the any car-

WIIUUV/L ui au y iuvu tint vaumgv ho hiuivihiw, nuivii «»»vi wiv .  _

pafEng this aft (hall be loaded with iilh as aforefaid, and con- edfortheLou.

figned

VJ OO

76

4on markets* &c. before being brought within the bills of mortality*

or fale made of the fifli before they are expofedin the faid markets* the offender fhail forfeit sol.

The fifh, after being fo brought up* is to be forthwith forted* and expofed to fale m fome public market the next morning, Sundays excepted j

and unt'ij fuch fifti is fo expofed* no part thereof is to be fold by retail* on penalty ofiol. but mackrell brought up by fuch carnages may be fold on Sundays.

All contracts made for fifh* except for fal-mon and lob-fters, are vacated after i May, 1761, and the parties discharged from the penalties of their contrails; find perfons contra&ing after the (aid time for buying up fifh* other than ialmon and lohfters, before the fame

Anno fecundo Georgii IH. [1761;

figned for the fupply of the cities of London or lVeJlminfler, fhaU break bulk before the fame (hall have been brought within the weekly bills of mortality, or fell, or expofe to fale, any of the fifh which (hall be loaned in any fuch fifh carriage, before the fame (hall have been brought to the cities of London or IVeJf-minfler, or within the weekly bills of mortality, and expofed there to or for fale in manner herein after directed, he, (he, or they, who (hall fo offend in the premifles, (hall, on being thereof convicted in manner herein after mentioned, forfeit and pay for every fuch offence the fum of ten pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied, in manner herein after mentioned.

XI.  And be it alfo enabled by the authority aforefaid. That all fifh as aforefaid which (hall be brought by land carriage to the cities of London or IVeJlminJler, or to any other place within the weekly bills of mortality, (hall, with ail convenient fpeed after the fame (hall be fo brought there, be forted, and, the next morning at fartheft after the fame fhaU be fo brought there, (hall be openly and publicly offered and expofed to fale in fome public market or markets within the weekly bills of mortality (except fuch next day (hall happen to be a Sunday, and in fuch cafe, then on Monday morning next following) and that, until fuch fifh as aforefaid (hall be fo expofed to fale in fome public market or markets as aforefaid, no part thereof (hall be fold, or offered to or for fale, by retail, upon pain that every perfon who (hall offend in the premifles, and (hall be thereor convifted in manner herein after-mentioned, (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, the fum of ten pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied, in manner herein after-mentioned.

XII.  Provided always, and be it enabled, That nothing in this aft contained fhal) be conftrued to prohibit the felling any mackrell, which fhal) be brought by any fuch fifh carriage as aforefaid, before or after divine fervice on a Sunday.

XIII.  And be it likewife enafted by the authority aforefaid, That all contrafts made by or with any perfon or perfons for any fifh, except falmpn and lobfters, from and after the firft day of Mayy one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-two, (hall be, and are hereby declared to be, void, fo far as the fame (hall relate to, or be intended to take effeft at any time fubfeauent to, the faid firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-two 5 and the party and parties to every fuch contraft and contrafts is and are hereby refpeftively difeharged from all penalties and forfeitures he or they may incur by reafon of the non-performance of any fuch contraft or contrafts: and if, from and after the faid firft day of May% one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-two, any perfon or perfons (hall enter into or ma^e any contraft pc contrafts for buying up any fifh, except falmpn and lobfters, before the fame (hall be firft brought to an open market, or fome pfual place for the fale of fifh, and before the fame ihall be there expofed in the ordinary manner, and for.the ufual time fifh Hull be there expofed for public fale, every fuch contraft and contrafts is and are Ijereby declared to

Anno iecundo GeorgII lit.

11

be abfolutely void, arid every party thereto (hall forfeit and pay, (hall be firft for every fuch contrail which he or (he (hall be a party to, or brought to concerned in, bn being convilled thereof in manner herein after-mentioned, the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered, le- to iaJe there, vied, and applied, in manner herein after-mentioned.  forfeit 50I.

XIV.  Provided always, and be it alfo enalled by the autho- and the coh-rity aforefaid. That after the faid firft day of May, one thoufand dare<Tvoid r (even hundred and (ixty-two, no contrail or agreement which

(hall be made or entered into for the buying of any falmon or  tw>

lobfters which (hall be taken in any river, or in any of the feas, contra^ for or on any of the fea coafts of Great Britain, (hall be or continue Britilh falmon in force for any longer time than for one year, to be computed and lobfters from the date of every fuch refpellive contrail or agreement which (hall be entered into in writing; and if not entered into in writing, then only for one year, to be computed from the an<j the time of the making or entering into every fuch paroll contrail rule is to take or agreement refpellively.  place with re->

XV. And be it likewife enalled by the authority aforefaid,  t0 any

That no perfon or perfons (hall, at any time after tne faid firft  ,COn"

day of May, one thoufond feven hundrea and fixty-two, employ,

or be employed by, any other perfon or perfons in buying, or no per-to buy, in or at any market in the city of London, or in the city fen may em-of Weftminjler, or elfewhere within the weekly bills of mortality, P*0^ or any mh which (hall be brought there to be fold, to be divided at the by lots or in (hares amongll any (Uhmongers or other perfons, markets of in order to be afterwards put to fale again, or fold by retail; London or nor (hall any fifhmonger or other perfon at any time after the Weftminfter, (aid firft day of May, one thoufand (even hundred and (ixty-two, . buy in any market in London, or in the faid city of IVeJlminJler, fh^for^kie or elfewhere within the weekly bills of mortality, any fifh, but to be after- * what (hall be for his own fale or ufe only, upon pain that every wards divided perfon who (hall be convilled of any fuch offence, in manner amongft fi(h-hereby direlled, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds ^ers^o be for every fuch offence, to be levied, recovered, and applied, in fold ° the manner herein after direlled.  nor may tny

XVI.  And be it further enalled by the authority aforefaid, perfon buy That if any proprietor of fi(h, or any falefman or perfon intruft- m the (aid ed or employed to fell any fi(h in any public market, (hall refufe

to fell, or (hall enter into any agreement or confederacy not to ^ fell, to or for the ufe of any particular perfon or perfons, any 0wn fale or filh which (hall be brought or expofed to or for fale at or in any ufe, fuch public market; then, and in every fuch cafe, every perfon on penalty of who (hall fo offend in the faid premises, and (hall be thereof10 * convilled in the manner by this all direlled, (hall, for every No falelman foch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds, to be „ay levied, recovered, and applied, in manner hereby direlled. fufe to Tell, or

XVII.  And be it further enalled by the authority aforefaid, enter into an That all fi(h of any of the refpellive forts herein after fpecified, agreement not which, after the faid firft day of May, one thoufand feven hun- f£rre^y°J^, fired and fixty-two, (hall be brought for fale to the cities of cuUr perfect London or IVeJlrmnJlerj or within the weekly bills of mortality, ufe, any filh Hull be openly and publicly expofed fpr fale at the firft hand; expofed to (alt

Digitized b^OOgk

78  Anno  fecundo  Georgii  III.  [1761.

at a public and (hall be fold in no greater number or quantity of fi(h in of any one lot or parcel, or by any greater weight of fifh in any on^pen ty onc lot or parcel, in Billingfgate market, or within one hundred And all fifh ofan£* 6%  °f  Billingjgate  dock,  or  in  any  other  market

the refpedtive within the weekly bills ot mortality, than herein after is directed forts fpecified and preferibed touching the fame refpeftively; and that every in the aft, ]0t or parcei 0f fqch fifo as aforefaid, (hall confift only of one iMagy,ti76*[ f°rt fi®1* an^ (hall not be compofed of two or more different for fate to the forts of fi(h ; that is to fay.

London markets, (hall be openly fold at tne firft hand, and in no

freater num-er or quantity in a lot than is prescribed ;

Billingfgate, or other mark* cts.

All fre(h falmon, fturgeon, large fre(h cod, (kait, pike, turbot, bret, bril, pearl, kingfton, ling, and dorys, by the (ingle fi(h; all half frefh cod, not exceeding two in any one lot; all quarter frelh cod, not exceeding four in any one lot; all mullets, cole fifh, falmon trout, ana other trout, not exceeding two in any one lot ; all fmall cod, not exceeding twenty-four in any one lot; in Billingfgate market; or within one hundred and fifty and every lot yards of Billingfgate dock ; and, in any other market within the is to confift of weekly bills of mortality, not exceeding eight in any one lot: one fort of fifh AJ1 fmall pike, not exceeding fix in any one lot, in Billingf-• f&ate mar^et> or within one hundred and fifty yards of Billingf-

gate dock; and, in any other market within the weekly bills of fiin, and num- ° ^  r  ,  *

ber and quan- mortality, not exceeding four in any one lot:

tity thereofal- All large haddock, not exceeding four in any one lot, in lowed to be Billingfgate market, or within one hundred and fifty yards of fold m a lot at Billingfgate dock; and, in any other market within the weekly bills of mortality, not exceeding two in any one lot :

All fmall haddock, not exceeding twenty-four in any one lot, in Billingfgate market, or within one hundred and fifty yards of Billingfgate dock; and, in any other market within the weekly bills of mortality, not exceeding eight in any one lot: All perch, above fix inches long from the eye to the fork of the tail thereof, not exceeding twelve in any one lot, in Billingfgate market, or within one hundred and fifty yards of Billingfgate dock; and, in any other market within the weekly bills of mortality, not exceeding eight in any one lot:

All carp, gurnet, tench, and fea bafs, not exceeding fix in any one lot, in Billingfgate market, or within one hundred and fifty yards of Billingfgate dock; and, in any other market within the weekly bills of mortality, not exceeding four in any one lot: All thornbacks, not exceeding two in any one lot, in Billingfgate market, or within one hundred and fifty yards of Billingfgate dock; and, in any other market within the weekly bilfs of mortality, not exceeding one in any one lot:

All large foals, not exceeding four pair in any one lot, in Bilingfgau market, or within one hundred and fifty yards of Billingjgate dock; and, in any other market within the weekly bills of mortality, not exceeding two pair in any one lot:

All fmall foals, not exceeding eight pair in any one lot, in Billingfgate market, qr within one hundred and fifty yards of Billingjgate dock; and, in any other market within the weekly bills of mortality, not exceeding four pair in any one lot:

•  ■  6  '  .  All

VjjOOQLC

79

1671.3  Anno fecundo Georgii III,

Aiimackrell, whitings, whiting pouts, plaice, dabbs, herrings, pilchards, zarb fifh, flounders, and maids, not exceeding fixty in any one Tot, in BiUingfgate market, or within one hundred and fifty yards of BiUingJgate dock; and, in any other market within the weekly bills of mortality, not exceeding thirty in any one lot:

All fmelts, not exceeding fifty two in any one lot, in Billingf-gau market, or within one hundred and fifty yards of Billingf-gati dock; and, in any other market within the weekly bills of mortality, not exceeding twenty fix in any one lot:

All eels, not exceeding twenty pounds weight in any one lot, in BiUingfgaU market, or within one hundred and fifty yards of BiUingfgate dock; and, in any other market within the weekly bills of mortality, not exceeding ten pounds weight in any one lot, unlefs any Angle fifh (hall exceed that weight:

All large lobfters and crabs, not exceeding, of either fort, in any one fat, twenty, in BiUingfgate market, or within one hundred and fifty yards of Billingjgate dock; and, in any other market within the weekly bills of mortality, not exceeding ten of either fort in any one lot:

All fmall lobfters and crabs not exceeding, of either fort, None of the in anyone lot, forty, in BiUingfgate market, or within one hun-{!aid/eve^. dred and fifty yards of BiUingfgate dock; and, in any other mar- l^^bought ket within the weekly bills of mortality, not exceeding twenty or loid at the of either fort in any one lot:  firft hand  in

the faid mar-

And if anyperfon or perfons (hall fell or buy any of the fifh ^numbfror" aforefaid, at the firft hand, in any market or markets in the city of quantity in a Lends n, or within one hundred and fifty yards of BiUingfgate lot, than is dock; or in any market in the city of JVejhninfler, or within the prescribed, weekly bills of mortality, in anylot or parcel, containing any one fortof10 greater number of any fort of fifh as aforefaid in any fuch lot fifo in a lot, or parcel, or any greater weight of eels in any lot or (&rcel, be fold, or of-than is herein before dire&ed and appointed to be fold in any fercd for fale, one lot or parcel; or if any one lhall fell, or offer for fale, in °” Penalty °* any fuch lot or parcel, more than one fort of any of the fifh a fmaller hereinbefore fpecified; he, (he, or they, who (hall fo offend in number of the premifles, and be convicted of any fuch offence in manner any °fthc herein after mentioned, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and confifts of pay the fum of five pounds, to be levied, recovered, and appli- \e contain/ ti, in manner herein after direfted.

XVIII.  Provided always, That, notwithftanding any thing one> herein before contained,it (hall be lawful for anyperfon to expofe ?nd

to or for fale, and to fell in BiUingfgate market, or in any other edsdian ° market within the weekly bills of mortality, any of the faid herein makes one before-mentioned refpeaivc forts of fifh, where more than one lot, may be is to be contained in any lot, as aforefaid, in any fmaller num- ^^^fkle ber; or any eels by any leffer weight than herein before isfnfhejaid * prefcribed for the felling, in any one lot, any of the faid refpec- markets, tive forts of fifh herein before fpecified.

XIX.  And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,That No fifh may be no perfon or perfons, from and after the faid firft day of May, one fold again,

thoufand or expofed to ^ L.oogLe

So

fait the fame day, in the

Aftno fccundo GeorGii III.  £176

thoufand feven hundred and (ixty two, (hall a fecond time ft

fame market or exPole to or tor laie ,n &tUing\gate market, or within the fpa< where it was of one hundred and fifty yards from Billingfgate dock, or in an before fold, on other market in the city of London, or within the weekly bills c penalty of 10I. mortality, any fiih which, in the fameday, (hall have been befbi nu 1 felU^ *n ^ame mar^et> but any buyer of fi(h in any of th feme, whilit kid markets may fell the fame again, whilft found and whole found and fome, in any other place or places whatfoever, any law, cuftom wholefome, in or ufage, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding any other upon pain that every one who (hall offend in the premises, am p ace.  (hall ^ hereof convicted in manner hereby prefcribed, (hall, fo

Before any ^cry fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds, to tx fifh, to be Told levied, recovered, and applied, in manner herein after men-at the firft tioned.

hand in any XX. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefa'd. That from and after the faid firft day or May, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two, no perfon (hall fell, or expofe»to or for fale, at the firft hand, in any market in the cities ofJLondsn or JVfJlminJier, or within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, any of the feveral forts of fifh herein before fpecified, before he, (he, or they, (hall have, from time to time, firft placed or put up, in fome confpicuous manner, on or over the form, bench, ftall, or place, at which he or fhe (hall intend to offer or expofe for fale, or (hall offer or expofe for fale any of fuch fifh in any fuch market, a true particular or account, and in a large, fair,,

of the faid markets, be expofed to fale, an account of the forts, and quantity of each, in large legible characters, is to be put up at the fiih Hand,

£founders>Cr0^an^ ^S^le character, and either wrote or printed, diftin^uifhing

pUice,Cdahbs, herein the feveral fpecies or forts of all fuch fifh as aforefaid, excepted;  * and the quantity of every fort thereof refpedtively which he, (he,

and alfo of or they, (hall men have, or have been intruded with or employ-niaF^rcJJ» ed to fell in any fuch market, except as to the number of rinwandTpil- founders, plaice, dabbs, mackrell, maids, herrings, and pilchards * P chards, which (hall be brought to any fuch market for fale: and and if any o- if, at |ny time of the morning or day in which any fuch account tjjer °f (hall have been fo placed up, and before the market of that day tfonedfo^e (hall ** cnded or over» anY °ther fiih of the fpecies or forts here-aft be  in before mentioned, except as before excepted, (hall be brought

brought for or fent to any fuch market as aforefaid to be fold, the perfon lale, before who (hall be employed or intruded to fell the fame, before he or

the ?aybCt °*  or  °®er  or  exP°k  t0  or  f°r ^e, ^ or anY

over, ^ other fi(h, (hall add a true account or particular thereof to the

they are like- account before put up, if he or (he had before put up any fuch wife to be add- account, and if not, (hall put up fuch account thereof as is here-rount ^before *n before directed; and the party or parties hereby direfted to ’ put up fuch account and accounts as aforefaid, (hall take care that every fuch account and accounts (hall continue up, where the fame (hall have been firft placed, until all the fifh fpecified

they are ex-poled to fale; and the (aid accounts are

to^ke uT ^ere^n  fold*  or the market of the day (hall be over or

Undefaced *tf]i ended, without being defaced or obliterated, upon pain that

~^ \  ____________i.. /L.11___1  _n.        r...L   *

ail the fiih be everyone who (hall negle<5t to put up any fuch account, or (hall fold, or the not continue up fuch account as hereby is directed, during the market be time fuch account ought to continue up, and (hall be convi&ed

L.ooQle

i ?£>!.}  Anno fecundo Georgii III.  8i

in manner herein after prefcribed of any fuch offence, {hall, for on penalty of every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds, to Jr#jf ^ be levied, recovered, and applied, in the manner herein after- /bn before mentioned; and that every perfon who fhall be convi<5ted, in fuch time manner herein after directed, of wilfully taking down, defacing, wilfully obliterating, or altering, or caufing to be taken down, defaced, d^Ce°^al-obliterated, or altered, any fuch account hereby dire£ted to be ter, the ac- ~ placed up as aforefaid, at any time whilfl the fame, according to counts fo put the intent of this a<ft, ought to continue up, fhall, for every fuch UP> °r cau*c. laft-mentioned offence, forfeit and pay the fum of forty fhillings, done * t0 ^ to be levied, recovered, and applied, in manner herein after- he forfeits *os. mentioned-  No fiiherman*

XXL And be it further enaefted by the authority aforefaid,That &c; afferf ^ no fifherman, mariner, or other perfon, who fhall be employed on  *

board any fifhing (hip, floop, fmack, veffel, or boat, fhall, after filing, may her arrival from fifhing, wilfully deftroy, or throw or call away deftroy,or call any fiftv, which any fuch fifhing {hip, floop, fmack, veffel, or awa)> ot boat, (hall have brought from fea, or caught in any navigable t^neunwhoL river, that is not unwholefome, perifhed, or unmarketable, ex- ibme, perilh-"* cept fprats, which fhall remain unfold when the market, to ed, or unmar-, which the fame fhall be fent for fale, fhall be ended $ and if any ketable, re-fuch fifherman, mariner, or other perfon, fhall offend in the premifles, and be thereof convitfted in manner herein after pre- market js feribed, every fuch fifherman, mariner, or other perfon, who over; on fhall be fo convidted, fhall be committed to the houfe of correc- penalty of tion of the county, city, or place, in which any fuch offender ^ted^and fhall be convidlea or apprehended, there to remain and be kept ™ept t’Q^”r(j to hard labour for any time not exceeding two months, nor lefs labour for any than one week, as the juftice or juftices, before whom any fuch time not ex-offender fhall be convidted, fhall order.  ceeding »

XXII. And be it alfo enadled by the authority aforefaid. That j^fcJhan ”°r from and after the pafling of this adt, all and every the perfon week, and perfons within the four degrees or deferiptions herein after All perfons fpecified,who fhall be employed in the fifheries of thefe kingdoms,  HP^cr

fhall be freed and exempted from being imprefled into the fervice of lowingde- "* his Majefty, his heirs, or fucceffors, other than and except in the feriptmns, cafes herein after excepted; that is to fav, firft, every mafter who employed in fhall have the care or condudt of any fifning fhip, floop, fmack, * fChfi?e£e# veflel, orboat, which fhall be employed in the fifhery on any o^doms,areex-the lea coafts of Great Britain^ or in any of the navigable rivers empted from within Great Britain; and who, or fome owner of which fifh- being impreff-ing fhip, floop, fmack, veffel, or boat, fhall have, or within fix-  the

calendar months before the applying for any protection, as here- s crvice in after is allowed, fhall have nad, one or more apprentice or ift, matters of apprentices, under the age of fixteen years each, bound to him, fiftiing vef-or to any fuch owner as aforefaid, for a term not lefs than five ^,s> ^ho» el~

Jears; and which apprentice or apprentices, in purfuance of fuch jy*rc* ^their linding, actually {hall be, or have been, in the fervice of fuch owners, have, Vol. XXV.  G  '  mafter,  or within 6

months before

applying for a protection, (hall have had, one or more apprentices,'under 16 years of age, . bound for 5 years, and employed in the bufmefsof fifhing 5 idly, alt fuch apprentices, not exceeding 4 to every —

/

'

82  Anno  fecundd  GeorgIi IH. [176**

mailer or mafter or owner, in the bufinefs of a fifherman: fecondly, every fuch apprentice, not exceeding the number of four ap-ef 2ZJ prentices to every fuch mafter or owner as aforefaid of any fim-bmthen, or mg (hip, (loop, fm*ck, or veflel, of or above the burthen of upwards; thirty tuns; and not exceeding the number of two apprentices to *;vcry to every fuch mafter or owner as aforefaid, of any filhing fhip, 3bhins” **  ^o0P> fmack, veflel, or boait, under the faidburthen of thirty

during the tuns, during the time every fuch refpe&ive apprentice as aforetime of their faid (hall continue as an apprentice in the actual fervice of fuch apprentice- his mafter only, or of his reprefentatives or afligns, in the bufi-STate of 20 nc^s a ^^ermanJ and m no other fervice, and until the ref-yearsfthey2 pc&ive age of twenty years of every fuch apprentice who (hall continuing for fo long continue in the fifhing trade: thirdly, one mariner, be-the time in fides me mafter and his apprentice or apprentices as aforefaid, fifoih ^nl • w^°  cmPloy;€d to navigate or fi(n, in any fifhing fhip,

jdly/one ma- (loop, fmack, or venel, of the burthen of ten tuns or upwards, riner, befides 6n any parts of the feacoafts of Great Britain, during the time, the mafter and fuch mariner (hall continue and be fo actually and truly employ-apprentices, ^ ;n the fajd fifhing fervice: and, fourthlv, any landman who ing ve?el of ^a^ enter on board any fuch fifhing (hip, (loop, fmack, or vef-id tuns bur- fel, of the burthen of ten tuns or upwards, and be adtually em-theii or up- ployed in navigating or fifhing therein, on any part of the fea w.ar(^» cm- coafts of Great Britain, for and during the fpace of two years, fea cdafMu- t0 ^ computed from the time of his firft going to fea, employring his con- ed as aforefaid in any fuch fifhing fhip, (loop, fmack, or veflel, tinuance in of the burthen of ten tuns or upwards, as aforefaid, and to the fudi fervice; €nd of any fifhing voyage he may then be engaged in, and if he faniman en- continue and be fo long really and truly employed in fuch tfcring, and fervice.

employed on XXIII. And, to, fecure tothefeveralperfons hereinbefore def-board fuch cribed, the benefit intended for them refpedtively by thisadt, and to vearsVrom* punifh the perfons who (hall adt contrary to the true intent and his firft going meaning hereof, be it further enadted by the authority afore-to fea, and to faid,That on an affidavit fworn before fome juftice or juftices of the end of the peace, making out that the perfon or perfons named and de-then^er^aeed fCT^ed *n affidavit come, or is or are within fome or one of in, if he1to the deferiptions herein before fpecified, and inferring therein the long continue tunnage of every fuch fifhing (hip, floop, fmack, veflel, or in fuch fer- boat, and the port or place to which (he belongs, and the name On ^affidavit and defeription of every fuch jnafter, and the age of every fuch being made apprentice, and the term for which every fuch apprentice before fome (hall be bound, and the date of his indenture, and the name, age, juftice, and  and defeription, of every fuch mariner and landman refpe&ively,

- d  and the rime of every fuch landman’s firft going to fea, being of-

that The per- ^ered t0 l°rd high admiral of Great Britain, or to the commif-fons therein fioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great fin-named and  for  the  rime  being,  or  any three or more of them, or left

deferibed, come within

fome or one of the above deferiptions* (Inferring the tunnage of the veflel, and port (he belongs to; the name and defeription of the mafter, the age of every fuch apprentice, and term he is bound foe, with the d-tfe of bis indenture; and the name, age, and defeription of every fuch mariner suad landman, with the time of fuch landman's firft ^oingtoica)—

1761.] Anno lecUndo GfeoR&ii III.  $$

at the office of admiralty, the faid lord high admiral, or com-miflioners of the admiralty for the time being, is and are hereby directed and required, witn all convenient (peed after every fuch un]els they affidavit (hall be tendered to him or them, or left at the admi- fufpeCfc the ralty office (unlefs he or they (hall have reafonable caufe to fuf- tetb of fuch poft the truth of any fuch affidavit, and in every fuch cafe he ^ichlnfuch and they is and are hereby directed to caufe inquiry to be made cafe they are into the truth of the matters contained in every fuch affidavit) direftedtuen-from time to time, to grant a feparate protection to every fuch qute perfon as aforefaid refpeCtively, during the time he is allowed by this aCt to be protected, ana without any fee or reward to be a feparate pro-paid or taken for the fame; and every perlon who (hall be im- tedfion to eve.-* prefled contrary to the intent of this aCt, (hall, on producing the rJ fuch per-protection which (hall have been granted to him in purfuance (^pro^cin of this aCt to the commanding officer, who (hall have in his whereof, they cuftody, or under his care, any fuch imprefled perfon as aforefaid, are to be forth* be forthwith difeharged and releafed by luch commanding with releafed, officer.  if imprefled.

XXIV.  And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid,

That if, during the continuance of any protection which (hall be jfcJJ granted under this aCt, any perfon who (hall be thereby protected imprefled, ex-(hall be imprefled to ferve his Majefty, his heirs, orfucceflors, other cept in the than and except in the cafe of an aCtual invafion of thefe king- j?*® doms, or imminent danger thereof, and fignified by fome order dane^1* of his Majefty, or his heirs, or of his or their privy council, to thereof, * the lord high admiral, or to the commiflioners for executing the ^ ^ ^ office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being; during, or of-and on producing the protection which (hall have been fo grant- fcring to pro-cd to him, to the commanding officer of the party or gang who duce, his pro-(hall imprefs any fuch perfon protected as aforefaid; or if offer- teftion» ing to produce the fame for the infpeCtion of fuch the command- officer^aU* ing officer, any fuch commanding officer (hall refufe or negleCt not examine, to fee or examine fuch protection, or (hall detain the fame pro- or (hall with-teCtion from the party intituled thereto, and (hall not forthwith (“chpro* difeharge the party who (hall be fo imprefled; or if the party fo notreleafe imprefled (hall be carried on board any (hip or veffel of or in the him 5 fervice of his Majefty, his heirs, or fucceffors, and the captain, or it, being or any officer, who (hall have the command on board any fuch P1™?*on f (hip or veffel of or in the fervice of his Majefty, his heirs, or focceflbrs, (hall not, on any fuch protection granted as aforefaid (hips, the being produced or tendered to him 5 or if fuch protection (hall commanding have teen taken away from the party to whom it was fo granted, 5®fjer at of after his having been fo imprefled, then, if on an affidavit riurgehim on being made before fome juftice or juftices, of the peace that fuch fuch protec-protcCtion was fo granted, and continues in force, and was tion being taken away from the party to whom the fame was fo granted, produced 5 or either at or after the time he was imprefled, and being tendered to the captain or officer who (hall have the command on board on tendering

G 2  any  to him an af-

fidavit made

before fome jullice, that fuch protection was granted, and in force, and was taken away, when he was imprefled; —*

v^ooQle

84  Anno  fecundo  GeoRGH III*  [t 761

or If any # any fuch (hip or veffel as aforefaid, fuch captain or officer having o^cr^r an commanc^ as aforefaid, (hall not forthwith difcharge the of the crew11^ party who lhall have been fo imprefled and brought on Ihipboard under him as aforefaid; or if any captain or officer having command as* (hall take a- aforefaid, or any of the crew or company under him, (hall take way,or detain, away 0r detain any fuch protection granted as aforefaid; then tion .protcc“ every perfon who, in any of the faid cafes, (hall fo offend, except the offender, in the cafes herein before excepted, fhall respectively forfeit and in any of the pay to the party imprefled, if not an apprentice, and, if an ap-(aid cafes, prentice, then to the refpe<tive matter of every fuch apprentice, aol to the*  fum  twenty  pounds,  to  be  recovered  and levied in like

party imprefT- manner as other forfeitures incurred by this act are herein after ed, not being directed to be recovered and levied.

an ap^*r XXV.Andbe it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That apprendce ** ^ ^ matter or owner of any fuch fifhing fhip, (loop, fmack, vef-then to his fel, or boat, (hall knowingly harbour, entertain, or employ, in inafter. * any fuch fifhing (hip, (loop, fmack, veffel, or boat, any feaman The matter or 0r landman, who (nail have deferted from his Majefty’s fervice; fifhhi1 veffel every matter or owner as aforefaid, on being convicted of knowingly* * any fuch offence in manner herein after-mentioned, (hall, for harbouring, every fu< h offence, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds, to Sec, a deferter be levied, recovered, and applied, in manner herein after fpe-fromthe cified.

King s fer-  XXVI.Andbeit further enacted by the authority aforefaid,That

forfeits sol. all juftices of the peace, within their refpective jurifdictions, lhall. Juftices are hear and determine all offences committed againft the true intent impowered to Qf this ad; and that all pecuniary penalties and forfeitures inflict-tennine all* ec* anc* ma(^e payable by this act, whereof the time for payment offences com- is not herein before directed, (hall be paid within twenty four mitted againft hours after the conviction of the offender, either by his or her this a<t with- confeffion, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or fpetive iur'if- witneffes; which oath every juftice, within his refpective jurif-ditions; diction, is hereby authorized and required to adminitter; and and thepecu- that any juftice or juftices, wifhin his or their refpective jurifdic-niary penal- tion, may iffue a warrant under his hand andfeaJ, or their hands time h not°C anc* ^ea^s refpe<^vety> directed to any peace officer within their otherwife li- refpective iurifdiction, to levy the fame by diftrefs of the goods mited, are ta and chattels of the refpective perfon and perfons who (hall be fo be paid in 24 convicted, and which fhall be found within the jurisdiction of andma bele- any juftie'e or juftices; and if, within five days from any vied Iby diftrefs fuch diftrefs being Xaken, the money forfeited (hall not be paid, and fale, together with the cofts of fuch diftrefs, the goods fo diftrained together with (hall be appraifed and fold, rendering the overplus, if any, after alicharges, as deducting the penalty or forfeiture, and the cofts and charges of a juliice1* ^ the diftrefs and fale, to the owner or owners thereof; which charges lhall be afeertained by fome juftice or juftices of the and for want county, city, riding, divifion, or place, in which the offender or /u?c*cnt offenders fliall have been convicted; and if fufficicnt diftrefs (except in the cann0* at any time be found, whereby the money which fhall cafe of the  he forfeited by any offender or offenders againft this act (other

driver of a  than the driver of any fifh carriage as aforefaid) can be levied,

hlh carriage)  '  on

»5

;{?/.] Anno fecundo Georgii III.

i his, her, or their goods and chattels, then, and in every fuch fe, on proof thereof upon oath before fomcjuftice or juftices, thin whofe refpedive jurifdidion any fuch offender or offen-ts lhall reiide or be, fuch juftice or juftices lhall, on the ap- the offender, cation of any profecutor or profecutors of any fuch offender or enders, iffue a warrant under the hand and feal, or hands and profecutor, * Js, of any fuch juftice or juftices, direded to fome peace (hall be com-ker or officers, to apprehend every fuch offender or offenders, mitted to he, (he, or they can be found, and to convey and commit {jard la" try fuch offender and offenders to the houfe of correction of ti?ne not e county, city, or place, where any fuch offender or offenders ceeding » ill be found and apprehended, there to remain and be kept months, hard labour for anytime not exceeding two months, as any unkfs the forth juftice or juftices (hall order, unlefs the money which (hall ^oner paid i forfeited by fuch offender or offenders (hall be fooner paid.  P

Provided always and it is hereby enacted. That no perfon Proportions nil fuffer any punilhment for any offence committed againft mei^d with-lis ad, unlefs the profecution for the fame be commenced with- jn 3 months " 1 three callendar months after fuch offence committed; and after the of-lar where anyperfon (hall fuffer imprifonment, purfuant to this *ence 5 3, for any offence contrary thereto, in default of payment of  im-

ny penalty hereby impofed, luch perfon fliall not be liable after- pHfonnfentfor rards to pay fuch penalty.  any offence,

XXVII.  Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority a- are not liable >refaid, That if any perfon who (hall contra# for fifh contrary to ^°aPay the pc" ".e intent of this a6t, lhall, before information lhall bemadeagainft Any of the imfor having fo contraded for the fame, inform agninft any parties con-■ther party who fhall have entered into any fuch contract, and cerned in con-hc party or parties who lhall be fo informed againft lhall after- fading tor rards, on any fuch information, be duly convicted of any fuch to this

jfFence in manner herein prescribed, then, and in every fuch giving the firft afe, the perfon who lhall have fo informed againft and profe- information tted to conviction any fuch other perfon as aforefaid, lhall be agamft, and quitted and releafed from all penalty and forfeiture which the srty fo informing had incurred by having entered into, or been \5 indemnified • party to, any fuch contract, and fliall be intituled to and have himfelf,

:ne moiety of the penalty which lhall be forfeited by reafon of and intituled :he conviction of the party informed againft.  the neniltv °*

XXVIII.  And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Evidences* * That if it (hall be made out, by the oath of any credible perfonor may be fum-perfons, to the fatisfadion of any juftice or juftices of the peace, moned, and that any one, within the jurifdiction of any fuch juftice or jufti-

ces, is likely to give or offer material evidence on behalf of the half of the " profecutor of any offender or offenders againft the true intent profecutor a-and meaning of this act, or on behalf of the perfon or perfons gainft offend-accofed, and will not voluntarily appear before fuch juftice or crs* juftices, and be examined, and give his, her, or their, evidence concerning the premifles, every fuch juftice or juftices is and are hereby authorized and required to iffue his or their fummons, to convene every fuch witnefs and witneltes before any fuch juftice or juftices, at fuch feafonable time as in fush fuounons lhall be

G 3  faedj

86

Anno fecundo Georgii III.

Ziy&j

and on their nonappear

fixed; and if any perfon fo fummoned (hall neglect or refufe a appear at the time by fuch fummons appointed, and nojxzj

caufe Qiewn^ ca^e ^ °^erec^ f°r fuch neglect or refufal, then.

afire

gaiaft them ;

or refufal, proof by oath of fuch fummons having been duly ferved upoj waiTants (hall the party or parties fo fummoned, every fuch jufticeand jufticre be iflued js an(j m hereby authorized and required to ifliie his or thei warrant under his hand and feal, or their hands and feals, t< bring every fuch witnefs or witnefles before any fuch juftice o juftices; and, on the appearance of any fuch witnefs or witnefles before any fuch juftice or juftices, every fuch juftice or juftices is and are hereby authorized and impowered to examine, upor and on their oath, every fuch witnefs; and if any fuch witnefs on his or hea

refuting to be appearance, or on being brought before fuch juftice or juftices.

examined.

(hall refufe to be examined, on oath, concerning the premifles, without offering any juft caufe for fuch refufal, any fuch juftice or juftices, within the limits of his or their jurisdiction, may, by may be com- warrant under his hand and feal, or their hands and feals, committed for any mit any perfon or perfons fo refilling to be examined to the pub-ime not ex- He prilon of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, or place, la^^noriefs *n wkich t^ie  or  perfons  fo refufing to be examined (hail

than>3II0r C * be,  to  remain  for  any  time  not exceeding fourteen days,

nor lefs than three days, as any fuch juftice or juftices (hail direft.

Offender ef- XXIX. And be it alfo enabled by the authority aforefaid. That raping out of in cafe any perfon againft whom a warrant (hall be iflued by any the junfdic- ju(yce or juftices of the peace for any offence againft this aeft, juftice grant- S° into> re^^e3or be, in any other county, riding, divifion, ing a warrant city, liberty, town, or place, out of the jurifdi&ionof the juftice againft him, or juftices who (hall have granted any fuch warrant or warrants the juftice for as af°refiud, it (hall and may be lawful for any juftice or juftices the county of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, where he fhall or pl^ce, into which fuch offender or offenders againft this act rn^Kmay ^a^ 8° or ke> to indorfe his or thfcirname or names on fuch warrant (proof being firft made, on oath, of fuch warrant having been (igned by fuch other juftice or juftices) and every warrant fo indorfed (nail be fufficient authority to all perfons to execute fuch warrant in (uch other county, riding, divifion, city,

back fuch warrant, proof being made of the original tign-

^ma^hear bberty, towr*> or place, out of the jurifdiction of the juftice or

and determine Ju^ces who firft granted fuch warrant; and every fuch juftice the matter of and juftices refpectively, as the cafe (hall happen, after indorfing complaint, any fuch warrant as aforefaid, may, on the offender or offenders therein named being apprehended and brought before any fuch as iflt had ori- juftice or juftices witnin his or their refpective jurisdictions, hear within hh^ju- an<^ determine the matter of the complaint contained in eveiy riCdi&ion; fuch warrant, in the fame manner as if fuch complaint had originally arofe within the jurifdiction of fuch juftice or juftices who wn^thTof^- fball have fo backed any fuch warrant; or may direct the offender to his fender or offenders to be carried before a juftice or juftices with-original coun-, in whofe jurifdiction the offence was committed, there to be ty, to be dealt jeajt with according to )aw.

TngtoUw.  XXX. Andbeit further enacted by the authority aforefaid,That

one

LjOoq le

ij6i.]  Anno fccundo Georgii III.  87

one moiety of all money which (hall be forfeited for any offence One moiety of which (hall be committed againft this act (and not herein other-wife appropriated) fhall, when recovered, go and be paid to the appropriated* perfon or perfons who fhall profecute to conviction any fach of- (hall goto the fender or offenders, and the other moiety thereof fhall go and be pr^c^utoI> paid to the treafurer of Greenwich hofpital for the time tyring, for to Greenirich the benefit of the fame hofpital.  hofpital.

XXXI.  Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That it fhall be Perfons ag-lawful for any perfon or perfons who fhall think him, her, or them- grieved by the felves aggrieved by any order or determination of any juftice or °rdc? °*\dc’ . juftices of the peace, upon account of any offence committed, or an™juftice"° fuppofed to be committed, againft this aft, to appeal to the ge- may appeal to nend or quarter feffton of the peace which fhall be held for the thc next quar* county, city, riding, divifion, or place, where any fuch offence tcr k®011* fhall have been committed, next after the conviftion of any of- giving 8 daya fender or offenders for any offence committed againft this aft; notice to the the perfon or perfons fo appealing; firft giving fecurity in double parties, and the Aim forfeited, before fuch juftice or juftices, to profecute fcran*yto fuch appeal with effect, and to abide by the order or orders which aj^^iVitty fhall be made on fuch appeal, and giving eight days notice in

writing of his, her, or their intention to appeal, to the party or parties on whofe profecution any fuch conviftion fhall be made, if there fhall be fo many days within the ti me of fuch conviftion and fuch general or quarter leffion, and, if not, then the party or parties who fhall deem him, her, or themfelves aggrieved by any t0 gjve fucjj fiich conviction, fhall and may be at liberty to appeal to the notice, ap-next general pr quarter feflion but one which fhall be held next Peal maythc|* after any fuch conviction for the county, city, or place, where  t0

any fuchxonviCtion fhall be made; and the juftices in their faid feflion general or Quarter feflion are hereby authorized and required to and the ju-Eear and determine the matter of every fuch appeal, and to Wee* are make fuch order therein, and to award fuch cofts, as to them l^mbc^tbe fhall appear juft, and to caufe to be levied, under the order of any fuch feflion, the cofts which fhall be awarded, together with ward’colts; fuch money as any fuch court of feflion, on the hearing of any to be levied, , fuch appeal, fhall adjudge to be forfeited, by diftrefs and fale of  wltI*

the goods and chattels of the perfon or perfons who fhall refufe adjudged to be to pay fuch cofts and money forfeited; and if fufficient goods or forfeited, chattels of any fuch offender or offenders cannot be met with to by diftrefs and fatisfy tuch cofts and money forfeited, then by diftrefs and fale of ra,e» OI}fthc the goods and chattels of the perfon or perfons who fhall have Sj^^can become furety or fureties as aforefaid for {he party or parties who be found, fhall have fo appealed.  and if not,

XXXII.  Provided likewife, and be italfo enafted,That no order ^icn on Jut

or proceedings to be made or had by or before any juftice of the  or

peace in relation to the premiffes, fhall be quafned or vacated proceedings for want of form only; and that the order which fhall be made of juttices

in the premifles by the juftices at their general or quarter feflion ** vaca** of the peace as aforefaid, fhall be final; and that no proceedings pf any fuch juftice or juftices out of feflion, or in their faid ge- removed by peril or quarter ftffion, in purfuance of this aft, fhall be remove- Certiorarijtot

Q 4

_  ^.ooQle

General iflue.

88  Anno  fecundo  GeorgH  III. [1761 •

nor order of able by Certiorari, letters of advocation or of fufpenfion, or the court of otherwife.

rated fronT XXXIII. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if Limitation of any adion orfuit(hall be brought orcommencedagaindanyperfon a&ions. or perfons, for any thing which (hall be done in purfuance ofthis ad, every fuch adion or fuit (hall be brought and1 commenced within the fpace of fix calendar months next after any fuch caufe of adion (hall have accrued, and not afterwards; and (hall be brought, laid, and tried in the county, city, or place, in which the caufe of adion (hall have arifen, and not elfewhere; and that the defendant and defendants in every fuch adion and fuit may plead the general iflue, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this ad: and if the fame (hall appear to have been fo done, or if any fuch action or fuit (hall not be commenced within the rime before limited, or (hall be laid or brought in any other county, city, or place, than where the caufe of adion (nail have arifen; tnen, and in any of fuch cafes, the jury (hall find a verdid for the defendant or defendants; and upon fuch verdict, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any fuch action or fuit (hall become nonfuit, or difcontinue his, her, or their action, after the defendant or defendants therein (hall have appeared, or if, on any demurrer, judgment (hall be given for the defendant or defendants; then, and in any of the faid cafes, every fuch defendant or defendants (hall have and recover treble cods, and (hall be intituled to purfue and Provifions in take fuch remedy for recovering of the fame, as any defendant

tUe aft touch- or defendants hath or have to recover his or their cods in other me the tale or c ,  .

buying of cafes bv law,

fifh within XXXIV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid* the bills of  That all the provifions and regulations herein before contained and

mortality, and enacted, with refpect to places within the weekly bills of mor-^n-obferv^ tality, touching the fale Qr buying of fifh, and all penalties for the an«e thereof, non-obfervance thereof, (hall extend, and be condrued to extend, are extended to the parifh of Saint Mary le bone in the faid county of Middle-totkfP-rifl1 fex, and (hall in like manner to all intents and purpofestake ?ebone in ^ P*ace> an^ be in force, with refpect to the faid pari(h of Saint Middlefcx. Mary le bone.

The prohibi- XXXV. Provided further, and it is hereby alfo enabled andde-th^aaaUfC* c^arec^by the authority aforefaid,That nothing in this ad contained contradf^re extend, or be condrued to extend, to make void any con-not to extend tract already made, orto prevent any contract from being made, to thofemade, after the faid fird day of Mayy one thoufand feven hundred and

wirivr*"rdto two* or anY P^0*1 or perfons, in regard to fait or felt olnfried ° dried fi(h, oyders, carp, or tench, or any of them, fifh, oyfters, XXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and carp or tench, declared by the authority aforefaid. That no judice orjudicesof tionma'Te Peace receiye any information againd any perfon or received^by \ perfons, byreafon of being a party to, or concerned in, any con-juitice agauift tract for buying up fifh to be fold again contrary to the intent of this act; but that all money which (hall be payable or forfeited

by

Treble cods.

1761.} Anno fecundo Georgii III.  89

by reaion of any fuch contract being made or entered into, (hall any pcrfon, be recoverable only, together with double cofts of fuit, by the ^or being con-perfon who (hall inform and fue for the fame in one of his Ma- contra^for^ jelly’s courts of record at IVeflminfler, wherein no efloin, wager buying up of law, or protection, (hall oe allowed; and one moiety of the fifbtobefold money fo forfeited, (hall, when recovered, go and be paid to the ag^mt^ntI^" treafurer of Greenwich hofpital for the time being, for the bene- but the penal-fit of the fame hofpital, and the other moiety thereof to the per- ty for enter-fon or perfons who (hall inform for and recover the fame.  mg into fuch

contra#, (hall

be recoverable only, with double cofts, in one of the courts at Welhninfter/ one moiety to go to Greenwich hofpital, and the other to the prolecutor.

GAP. XVI.

An a8 for the encouragement of feamen, and the more fpeedy and effectual manning bis Majefly9s navy.

WHEREAS the King of Spaih has lately betn induced, with* Preamble.

out any provocation on his Majefly s party in efftfty to declare wr againji his Majefly \ which has necejfarily, engaged his Majejty in affual war with the hid King of Spain, in defence of his fubjefiSy and the rights and pojjejficns of his crown: and whereas his Mayfly has been pleafed to notify the fame by proclamation ,and a public declaration thereofy on the Jecond day of January, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundredandfixty two: Now9 for the better carrying on the Jaid war with vigour and for the encouragement of the officers and feamen of his Majefly's Jbips of wary and the officers and feamen of all other Britifh /hips ana veJJ'ehy having commiffions and letters of marque, and for inducing all Britilh feamen who may be in any foreign fervice to return into this ^e^njeert Jtingdomy and become feruiceable to his Majefly; and for the board the°n more effe&ual fecuring and extending the trade of his Majefly s King’s (hips, Jidje&s ; be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent Majefly, by are intituled to and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tempo-nd, and commons, in thisprefent parliament aflembled, and by ^ptu^s ^1 the authority of the fame, That the flag officers, commanders, the enemy’s and other officers, feamen, marines, and foldiers, on board veflels and even' lhip and veflel of war in his Majefly’spay, fhall have the ^e war^11^!^ foie Entered and property of and in all and every (hip, veflel, Spain] goods, and merchandifes, which they fhall take, from and after be made after the fecond day of Januaryy one thoufand feven hundred and » Jan. 1762, fixty two, duringthe continuance of this war againd Spain (be-  c  .

ing firft adjudged lawful prize in any of his Majefly’s courts of JJJj aw u admiralty in Great Britainy or in his Majedy’s plantations in to be divided America, or elfewhere) to be divided in fuch proportions, and among them after fuch manner, as his Majefly, his heirs, and fucceflors, (hall hisMajefty, think fit to order and direct by proclamation or proclamations {i£nprftai*ma" hereafter to be iflTued for thofe purpofes.  dire#.

II.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That And all vef* any (hip or (hips, veflel or veflels* arms, ammunition, (lores klf» ar™s.» of war, goods and merchandifes whatfoever, with all their fur- ^r^u"}^anr’ niturc, tackle, or apparel, taken, or to be taken, during the good* and 9

prefent

^ooQle

90  Anno  fecundd Georgii IIT; [1761 •

merchandfe- prcfent war with Spain, by or with any private owner or owners or veflel, according to any commiflion or letter of marque duly iicenied, t0 be granted as herein after is directed by the lord high admiral * of Great Britain, or the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, for the time being, or arty three or more of them, or any perfon or perfons by him toeing firftad- or them impowered and appointed (being firft adjudged lawful prize in any of his Majefty’s courts of admiralty as aforefaid) SSong wholly lhall wholly and entirely belong to, and be divided between to the captors and among, the owner and owners of fuch (hip or veflel, and and their the feveral perfons who (hall be on board the fame, and be aid-t^bedivided *n£ affifting to the taking thereof, in fuch fhare and proas by agree- portions as (hall be agreed on with the owner or owners of fuch mcnt among fhip or veflel as (hall be the captor thereof, their agentsor factors, themfelves j as the proper goods and chattels of fuch owner or owners, and the perfons that (hall be thus intituled thereto by virtue of fuch agree- ’ xnents among themfelves; and that neither his Majefty, his heirs, or fucceflors, or any admiral, vice admiral, governor, or other perfon commiflioned by, or claiming under, his Majefty, his heirs, or fucceflors, or any perfon or perfons what-foever, other than the owner or owners of fuch Ihip or veflel bfeing the captain of fuch prize fhip or veflel, arms, ammun-nkion, ftoresof war* goods, and merchandifes, and the perfon paying only claiming under him or them, (hall be intituled to any part or the accuftom- fhare thereof (except as to the cuftoms and duties) anycuflom, able duties, ftatute, or of her law, to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.  And yrhfcreas hy an a<5t made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the Second, inti-cmsancTre- tu^* fir  tncouragement offeamen, and the more fpeedy and

gulations in effectual manning his Majejiy's navy, feveral provifions and regu-aaa9Ge0.il. lations were eftablifhed for the better carrying on the falutary purpofes by the faid ad intended in the profecution of the war againft France: and whereas by another ad made in the thirty as explained fecond year of his faid late Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft to and amended explain and amend an aft made in the twenty ninth year of his pre-cT  fent Majejiy's reign, intituled, An ad for the encouragement of

^ * feamen, and the more fpeedy and eflfedual manning his Majefty’s navy; and for the better preventing of piracies and roboeries by crews of private Jhips of war; the faid ad made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his fai4 late Majefty was explained and amended, and feveral further provifions and refpeding the regulations were eftablifhed to continue during the war with Sffions8orm" F?anee; be lt therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid. That letters of the feveral regulations and provifions refpecting the grant of marque; the commiflion9 or letters of marque, the perlons acting, and the perfons ad- captures made, under the authority or fuch commiflions or tuf^made^" lettcrs °f marque, and all other claufes, provifoes, matters, and underautho- things, contained in the faid act made in the twenty ninth year rity thereof { of the reign of his faid late Majefty, as the fame were explained and alfo the and amended by the faid recited act of the thirty fecond year provUbcTia  ^ late Majefty’s reign; and alfo all claules, provifoes,

p  mattery

v^ooQie

i75i.3 Ajmo fccundo Grorgii IIL  91

matters, and things, contained in the laid laft-m*ntion*d a<£f the laft men. of the thirty fecond year of the reign of his.faid late Majeity, ^extend d lhall extend, and be con(trued and deemed to extend, to the ^the grant grant of commiflions or letters of marque to the pwfons a&ing, of commif-and the captures made, under the authority of fuch commiflions lions, or let-or letters of marque, and all other matters or things whatfo- ^rso^c &c-ever in refpedt of the fame, during the continuance of thepre- ^ndcr this Cent war with Spain* as fully, amply, and effc6hially, to all a& s intents and purpofes, as if the fame regulations, provifions^ daufes, provifoes, matters, and things,, had been.particularly repeated and re-ena£ted in this a£t.

IV.  And be it further enadted by the authority, aforefaid. And the pro. That the feveral provifions, and regulations refpedking any prize or bounty monies, contained in an adt of the . thirty third year [n^aaV^Geo. of the reign of his, late Majefty, King. G^r^the Second, inti- \i. refpcdbng, tuled. An at1 for the more effectual Jecuringjbe payment: of fuch prize and prize and bounty monies as were appropriated to, the ufe. of Green. ^nty mo~ wich hofpital by an. afl made in the twenty ninth year ofthe reign of his prefent Majefiy, intituled, An a& for the encouragement of arc t0 be 5n Jeamen, and the more Jpeedyand effectual manning his Aiaje/lys navy, force during lhall be in full force with regard to any prizes to:fae made during the prefent the continuance of the prefent warwith Spain* ot any bounty money to be paid in refpedt of fuch prizes.  ^

CAP. XVII.

An ail for the relief of the vaffals of the feveral eftates which are or may be annexed to the crown, by virtue of an ail faffed in the twenty fifth year of the reign of bis late Md-jefiy, and for carrying the purpofes of the faid aR more efftBually into execution \ and for enforcing and carrying into execution fo much of anah^pajfedin the firftyear of the reign of bis prefent Majejly as relates to the paying and difcharging the Wadfetts offeflingthe fate of Lorat.

WHEREAS by an ait made in the twentyfifth year of the reign

of his late Majejly King George the Second> intituled, An inadt *5 44 ail for annexing certain forfeited ejlates in Scotland to the crown an- Ocov U. “ aBenaSty; and for making fatisfaflion to the lawful creditors there-44 upon ; and to ejlablijb a method for managing thefame; and applying 44 the rents and profits thereof \ for the better civilizing and improving 44 the highlands of Scotland, and preventing diforders there for the fu-44 turef it is, among other things, enafled^ That the lands and heritages which became forfeited to his late Majejly by the attainder of Simon late lord Lovat 5 John Drummond, taking upon himfelf the file or title of lord John Drummond, brother to James Drummond, taking upon himfelf the title of duke ^Perth; George late earl of Cromarty; and Archibald Mac Donald, Jon of Coll Mac Donald of Barrifdale? and alfo the barony of Strowan; and (dl other lands and hereditaments which formerly belonged to Alexander Robertfon of Strowan, and became forfeited to the crown9 by decree or feiftena of forfeiture paffed in the parliament of Scotland in

the’

* ^.oogle

6

Anno fecundo Georgii III.

[1761.

The King may im power commiflion-ers and tru-flees nominated for the faid forfeited ellates, to receive re-fignations, and grant new chartersy See. for com-pleating the titles of the vaffals; and the charters, &c.fo granted are declared to be valid $

the year cue thoufand fix hundred and ninety, /hall, from and after the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty two, be annexed to the imperial crown of this realm, and /ball be and remain for ever unalienable from the fame \ and it is thereby enabled, *lbat it /hall be lawful to and for his Majefiy, his heirs, and fucce/fors, by commi/fion under the prtVy fealof Scotland, to authorize and impower fuch per/on or perfons as his Majefiy, his heirs, and fucce/fors, /hall think fit, from time to time, to be commi/fioners and trufiees for managing the /aid eflates, and applying the produce thereof for the ends and purpofes appointed by the faid alt: and whereas his late Majefiy, by his commi/fion dated the twentieth of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty five, did authorize and impower the perfons therein mentioned to be trufiees and commi/fioners for managing the faid annexed efiates •, and which commi/fion was pajfed under the privy feal of Scotland the tenth day of May, in the faid year one thoufand feven hundred and fifty five; and nis prefent Majefiy, by his commiffion dated the twenty fifth day of July, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty one, did alfo authorize and impower the perfons therein named to be trufiees and commi/fioners for managing the faid annexed efiates ; and which commi/fion alfo was pajfed under the privy feal ^Scotland upon the third day of Auguft, in the faidi year one thoufand /even hundred and fixty one: and whereas there are many fmall vaffals, who, before the forfeiture of the faid efiates, held their lands and other heritages of the aforefaid attainted perfons and their predece/fors refpefiively, and who now hold the fame cf his Majefiy, his heirs, and fucce/Jors: and whereas it would be a very grievous burden upon the faid vaffals to make up the titles and in-feoffments of their feveral lands, by precepts from the Chancery, or by charters under the great feal of Scotland, and to be fubjefted to the expenses attending the fame, as required by law in lands holdcn of the crown ; be it therefore enabled by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiritua! ana temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it fhall and may be lawful to his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceffors, to authorize and impower the commiflioners and truftees for managing the faid eftates, named or to be named by his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceffors, inpurfuanceof the adt above recited, to receive refignations, and grant new charters containing precepts of Safine, and alfo to grant all other charters, precepts of Clare Confiat, and other writings whatfoever, neceffary or competent for complecting the titles of the forefaid vaffals, their heirs, and Angular fucceffors, in their lands and other heritages refpedtively, to be hiolden feu or blench of his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceffors, in the fame way and manner as the faid lands and heritages are now holden, or may be hold-en, of his Majefty; and which charters, preeepts of Safine, and precepts of Clare Confiat, to be granted by fuch commiflioners and truftees, are hereby declared to be as valid and effectual to the Caid vaflals, their heirs, and Angular fucceffors, for cora-

pleating

1761.3  Anno fecundo GeorgIi Itt.  93

pleating their infeoffments in their lands and heritages aforefaid, as if the faid infeoffments had proceeded upon charters and precepts under the feal appointed by the treaty of union to be kept in Scotland, in place of the great feal, or upon precepts from Chancery \ any thing in the law and practice of Scotland to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.  And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That all and are to be fiich charters, precepts of Safme, and precepts of Clare Conflaty entc[jd £il to be granted by the faid commiflioners and truftees, (hall, be- fo^delivery fore delivery thereof to the vaffals, be duly entered and recorded to the vaffals, in a book to be kept for that purpofe; and that the faid vaffals, who are to (hall be liable to pay, and be chargeable with the fame compo- Pay th* P*ual fitions for their entries, as are in ufe to be paid in the court of (to'STapplied Exchequer by his Majefty’s other vaffals, to be applied by the to the purpof-feid commiflioners and truftees for the fame ufes and purpofes es of the as the other rents, profits, and cafualties, of the faid annexed ef- tru?), tates, and (hall further be liable to pay the writer, agent, or o-ther officers of the faid commiflioners and truftees, employed in pcding the" expeding the aforefaid titles, fuch moderate fees, as the faid title*, commiflioners and truftees (hall afcertain, by a table to be made by them for that purpofe.

III.  Provided always, That it (hall and maybe competent to The vaffals the vaffals of the faid eftates, their heirs, and Angularfucceffors, ®ay makeup or any of them, if they (hall think fit, to make up their titles to precepts7rom their refpe<5tive lands, by precepts from the Chancery, or charters {he Chancery, under the great feal, in the fame way and manner as is compe- or charters tent to the other vaflals of the crown; and that fuch titles only, under the and no other, (hall be deemed and taken to be a freehold quali- gr5at/^5,| ^ fication, and to entitle the vaffals of the faid eftates to be enroll- dCCmed a

cd amongft the freeholders, and to vote in the election of a freehold qua-member to ferve in parliament for the county, (hire, or ftewartry, location, and

where their lands lie; any thing in this a<St to the contrary not- ,ntltlc them

. . a ,•  > j  o  j  to vote m the

withftandmg.  ele&ion of

IV.  And whereas by the a<ft of the twenty fifth year of his members, fate Majefty, in part above recited, it is provided. That no Claufe in a& perfon (hall be capable of taking or enjoying, diredtly or indi- *5(Geo- n\ redly, any lands or tenements, other than mines and filhings, fonCr,°£^d by virtue of any leafe or leafes to be granted by the faid com- truftees may miflioners of greater annual rent than twenty pounds at the ut- grant leafes moft: and whereas the reafon for excepting mines and (idlings of woods and from the above provifoe, does equally apply to woods and mills, "'V!!8*

be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may {HLdly^et be lawful to the commiflioners and truftees named, or to be therewith, named, bv his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflbrs, for managing though the the faid erfates, to grant leafes of woods and of mills, with the ^ exc®ed milln lands ufuallylet with the fame, for fuch yearly rent as ao ,pcr can be obtained for the feme, though exceeding twenty pounds fterling; any thing in the feid a& to the contrary notwithftanding.

y. And whereas by an a&made in the firftyear of his pre- Recital of lent Majefty’s -*cign, intituled. An atlfor enabling his Majefty /^daJfes yj'

•/" 1 uCOl

ra:je

3gle

£4  Anno iecondo GeorGii III.  [ 17

rjj/J the fumof one million for the ufes and purpofes therein mention end for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this fejfid parliament; and for exempting any annuities or films ofmoney grax or to he granted to the royal family, from payment of taxes; ceitl aids or fupplies granted to his M^jefty, are thereby appropriai for and towards the feveral ufes and purpofes therein exprrflc and particularly it is thereby ena&ed, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies therein mentioned, there (hall and maybe fued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding thir eight thouiand five hundred and fifty three pounds, twelve fhiJ ings, and one penny* and three fourths of a penny, upon accoun for paying and difeharging the debts and wadfet dims, with t] neceflary expences attending the payment of the fame, ciaimc and fuftained upon the lands and crate which became fbrfeite to the crown by the attainder of Simon late lord Lovat, or t much of the fain debts and fums as (hall be remaining unfatisfied according to the feveral decrees in that behalf refpedtively mad by the lords of feflion in Scotland, and purfuant to the adt of the twenty fiftli year of the reign of his late Majcfty King George thi Second, above recited; and for the better and more easy payment of the faid debts and wadfet fums, it is thereby ena&ed, and in aft *5 That it (hall and may be lawful for the commiflioners of his Oeo. II. Majefty’s treafurv, or any three or more of them, to iflue, or caufe to be iffued, in fuch proportions a9 they (hall think fit, to either or both of the banks of Scotland, at Edinburgh, a fum not '  exceeding  thirty  eight  thoufand five hundred and fifty throe

pounds, twelve (hillings, and one penny, three fourths of a penny, to be applied in paying and difeharging the faid debts and fums, with the neceflary expence attending the payment of the fame; and the feveral creditors, whofe claims have been fuftained upon the faid lands and eftates as aforefaid, are thereby directed and required on or before the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixtyone, to produce, or caufe to be produced, m his Majdty’s dourt of exchequer in Scotland, the decree or decrees of the court of feflion, fuftaining the faid claims; and, upon producing of every fuch decree or decrees, the barons of the faid court of exchequer are thereby impowered and required to make out debentures or certificates, under their hands, for the feveral fums of money which fhall appear to be due by and under the faid decrees refpedtively; and the fevera/ fums contained in the faid debentures or certificates, aredifefted to be paid, at fight, by the faid bank or banks, out of the money aforefaid, to the perfon or perfons intituled by the faid debentures to receive the fame: provided always. That if the decree of decrees, fuftaining the claim or claims of any creditor or creditors aforefaid, (hall not be produced in his Majefty’s faid court of exchequer, on or before the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty one, as aforefaid, fuch claim or claims fhall not carry any farther intereft after the (aid firft day of ^ one thoufand feven hundred and fixty one : and whereas, in pursuance of the a<ft Jgft above-recited, the fumof thirty feven

ttiou&hd

Anno fecundo GeORGII III*  $5

thousand three hundred and forty eight pounds, nine (hillings, and five pence, was iflued by the comsniffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, and lodged in the royal bank of Scotland^ at Edinburgh, preceding the faid fifth day of 7ufy9 one thou (and (even hundred * and fixty one, for paying and difeharging the debts and wadfet Turns aforefaid, and has, in part, been applied in paying and difeharging the feveral creditors upon the faid eftate, who produced the decrees of the court of ieffion, fuftaining their feveral claims in the laid court of exchequer, according to the dire&ions of the aforefaid ftatute: and whereas the wadfetters upon the faid eftate whole claims have been fuftained for their feveral wadfet fums, by decrees of the faid court of Ieffion, are in pofleffion and receipt of the rents and profits of the lands wadfetted to them rcfpe&ively, for payment of their feveral wadfet fums, and cannot be removed from that pofleffion until their wadfets are redeemed by payment or confirmation of their feveral wadfet fums, according to the order o? redemption preferibed In their feveral wadfet rights, whereby the truftees and commiffioners for managing the laid annexed eftates, are kept out of the pofleffion and receipt of the rents and profits of the faid wadfet lands, and, in the mean time, the money provided by parliament, ana lodged in the faid bank for difeharging thefe wadfets, remains a dead ftock bearing no intereft: and whereas the profecuting of feparate declarators of redemption, and removing againft each of the laid wadfetters, would be attended with great delay, and one aftion of unneceflary expence to the public; be it therefore enabled by declarator of the authority aforefaid. That one altion of declarator of re- redemption, demption, containing a conclufionof removing, may be brought conduHoifoT before the court of Ieffion, in the name of his Majefty's advo- removing! cate, againft the whole wadfetters upon the faid eftate, which may be 69 may and (hall be ferved againft the defendants under the general brought in delcription of The wadfetters upon the eftate of Lovat, by one cdi&al citation upon oath, thirty days notice to be affixed on the advocate * walls of the inner and outer houfe of the faid court of feflion, againft the where the rolls of caufes in that court are ufually affixed, con- wtole wadfet-duding to have it found and declared, that the lodgement of t*™ uP°n the fums aforefaid in the royal bank at Edinburgh, for paying Lov*tt° and difeharging their feveral wadfett fums, is and (hall be deemed the lodgment and taken to be a legal and proper confignation of their feveral of the money wadfett fums, to all intents and purpofes, as if the order of re-  **

demption preferibed in their feveral wadfett rights had been paying off complied with and followed out againft each of them feparately j the wadtot and that the lands and other heritages wadfetted to them re- Turns, being fpe&ively, (hall be held, deemed, and taken to be redeemed, deemed a le~ and out quit from them, their heirs, and fucceflors refpecftively; ^nCthcifof" and they, and their tenants, fervants, and other dependants, be ^ the lands removed from the pofleffion of the faid lands and other here- to be there-tages wadfetted to them as aforefaid, at the refpedfive terms of uP°n removing fpecificd in their feveral wadfett rights, and decrees °f and^c occu* the court of feflion fuftaining their claims, or at luch other term pjcr| raaoY/ or terms as to the fiu4 court (hall foem juftj U> a& that the laid cd,

com-

and the com-miflioners and truftees, and their tenants, to enter into pofleflion: The court to proceed in the laid a&ion in a fu ram ary way.

Wadfetters may com pie at their titles, by obtaining cnarters, See. from the com* miflioners.

: the ufual fees; And upon corapleating the fame; and granting difeharges j and producing the fame to the barons of the Exchequer, with decrees of the court fufraining the claims; the barons {hall make out debentures for the money due ; which {hall be difeharges to the bank.

The provifi-ons touching the entry ot the vafTals of the faid annexed eftates, lhall extend to all fuch other ellates as are, or may be, annexed to the crown, in purfuance of a£fc2c Geo. IL

Anno fecundo Georgii III. [1761*.

commiffioners and truftees, and their tenants, may have freer accefs to enter to the pofleflion of the faid wadfett lands in time coming; and die faid court of feflion is hereby authorized and required to proceed in the aforefaid aftion in a fummary manner, without abiding the courfe of any roll, and to give the like decree or decrees therein, as would have been competent in law in a feparate addon of declarator and removing againft each of the faid wadfetters, proceeding upon the order of redemption laid down and preferibed in their feveral wadfet rights.

VI.  And whereas it may happen that feme of the faid wadfetters may not be duly veiled and feifed in the faid wadfett lands, fo as to be enabled to difeharge and renounce their wadfett right in a habile and proper manner; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for all and every perfon or peribns having right to fuch wadfetts, and to the decrees of the court of feflion fuftain-ing the fame, to compleat their titles in the wadfett lands re-fpeftively, by obtaining charters, precepts of Clare C<mjlaty or other warrants for infeoffment, from thefaid commiffioners and truftees, in the fame way and manner, and upon payment of the fame fees, as by this aft is made competent to the vaflals of the faid annexed eftates.

VII.  And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That upon compleating fuch titles, ana granting the proper difeharges and renounciations of the faid wadfett rights, or of any of them, and producing the fame before the barons of the faid court of Exchequer , together with the decree or decrees of the court of feflion fuftaining the claim or claims of fuch wadfetter or wadfetters, the barons of the laid court of Exchequer, or any three or more of them, (hall, and they are hereby impowered and required, to make out debentures or certificates for the feveral fums of money which (hall appear to be due by and under the faid decrees refpeftively, in the fame form, and to be iffued, delivered, and paid, to the faid wadfetters, or others in their name, in the fame way and manner as is provided for, arid directed by, the aft above recited, with refpeft to the payment of the other/creditors upon the faid eftate ; and the faid debentures or certificates (hall be to the faid royal bank at Edinburgh fufficient difeharges for fuch payment.

VIII.  And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the whole provifions of this aft touching the entry of the vaflals of the annexed eftates aforefaid to their refpeftive lands and heritages, (hall extend to the vafTals of all fuch other eftates as now are, or may be, annexed to the imperial crown of this realm, in purfuance of the aforefaid aft of the twenty fifth year of his late Majefty’s reign, from and after the time that fuch other eftates (hall become fubjeft to the adminiftration and management of the commiffioners and truftees appointed, or to be appointed, by his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflors, in purfuance of the faid aft ; and that in all cafes, and fo often as it (hall * happen, that provifion (hall be made by parliament for paying

an<

97

and the like a&ion (hall be competent* in like cafes, again ft the wad fetters of fuch eftates $ and they (hall have like method of corn-pleating their titles, and of denouncing the fame.

*761.]  Anno feomclo GfidRGit III.

and diichdrging the wadfetts affefting any fuch other dftatd which now is, or hereafter may be, annexed to the crown in purfuance of the aforefaid aft, the like aftion againft the wad-fetters of each eftate refpeftively (hall be competent to his Ma-jefty’s advocate, and (hall proceed in the fame form and manner, and to the fame effeft; and that the like method 6jf completing die titles of the wadfetters upon fuch other eftates, and of renouncing and difeharging the fame, (hall be competent to them, and take place in the fame form and manner as herein is above provided with refpeft to the wadfetters of the eftfete of Lovat.

CAP. XVIII.

An aft for rendering Haora effcftual an aft made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late Majefty Qpeen Anne, intituled*

An a& for providing a publick reward for fuch perfon or perfons as (hall difeover the longitude at fea, with regard to the making experiments of propofols made for &)covering the longitude.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament inaie in the twelfth year Preamble, rM of the reign of her late Majefty §>ueen Anne, intituled*44An u aft fir providing a publick reward for fuch perfon or perfons as x*

44 Jbau difeover the longitude at fea” the commijftoners therein named,  *

or any Jive or more of them, have full power to hear and receive any propofol or propofols that Jhall be made to thent for difcovering the faid longitude ; and in cafe the fold tommijftoners* or any five or more of them* Jball be fo far fatisfied of the probability of any fuch difeovery* as to think it troper to make experiment thereof they Jhall certify the fame* under their hdnds and feals* to the commijjioners of the navy for the time being* together with the perfons names who are authors of Jucb propofols; and upon producing fuch certificate* the faid commijftoners are thereby authorized and required to make out a bill or bills for any fuel) fum or films of money* not exceeding two thoufand pounds* as the faid commijftoners for the difcoVery of the faid longitude* or any five or more of them* Jhall think necejfary* for making the experiments* payable by the treafuref oj the navy * which fum orjiims the treafurer of the navy is* by the Jaid aft* required to pax immediately to fuch perfon or perfons as JhaU be appointed by the Jala commijftoners to make thofe experiments* out of an) money that jhall be in his hands unapplied for the ufe of the navy: and whereas* for a due and fufficient encourage-ment to any fuch perfon or perfons as Jhall difeover a proper method for finding the pud longitude* it is likewife enafted by the faid aft* That the firft author or authors* difeoverer or difeoverers* of any fuch me-tbod* his or their executors, adminifirators* or ajfigns* Jhall be intituled to* and have* fuch reward as in the faid aft is particularly mentioned: end whereas oy another aft cf parliament made in the fourteenth year t\ Geo. It. of the reign of his late Majefty King George the Second* intituled*

44 An aft for furveying the thief ports and head lands on the coafts of 44 Great Britain and Ireland, and the iflands and plantations thereto 44 belonging* in order to the more exalt determination of the longitude Vol. XXV.  H  44  and

98

Anno fecundo Georgii III. [1761*

44 and latitude thereof” it was enafted, That the faid commifficners for dijcovering the )'aid longitude, or any five or more of them, Jbould have full power to apply Judo part of the faid fum of two thoufand pounds, mentioned in the faid firjl recited aft, as bad not then been laid out in experiments, as they Jltould think neceffary for the making fuch furvey, and determining the longitude and latitude of the chief ports and bead lands on the coajls of Great Britain and Ireland, and the ijlands and plantations thereto belonging ; and that fuch fum or fums, part of the faid tveo thoufand pounds, which the faid cornmif-fioners, or any five or more of them, Jbould think neceffary, Jbould be paid immediately by the treaJUrer of the navy, to fuch per fan or per fans as Jhould be appointed by the faid commijfioners to make fuch Jurvey, and determine fuch longitude and latitude, out of the money that Jbould he in the hands of fuch treafurer unapplied for the ufe of the andi6Geo.II. navy : and whereas by an ad made in the twenty fixth year of the reign of his late Majefiy King George the Second, intituled, 44 An 44 aft to render more effectual an aft made in the twelfth year of the 44 reign of her late Majejly Queen Anne, intituled. An for 44 providing a publick reward for fuch peribn or perfons as (haH 44 difeover the longitude at fea,” with regard to the making experiments of propofols made for difeovering the longitude, and to enlarge the number of commijfioners for putting in execution the faid aft, the further fum of two thoufand pounds was direfted to be applied in fuch manner as the commijfioners for the difeovery of the longitude Jbould think neceffary, for making further experiments : and whereat the faid commijfioners have, by virtue of the powers vejled in them by the faid feveral afts before-mentioned, heard and received feveral propofols made to them, at different times, for difeovering the faid longitude, and have, accordingly, certified the fame, from time t9 time, to the commijfioners of the navy for the time being, whereupon bills have been made out for feveral fums of money, amounting, in the whole, to four thoufand pounds; all which refptftive fums have been paid to feveral per Jons by the treafurer of the navy, purfnan t to the dire ft ions of the faid afts of parliament; which the faid commijfioners, for difeovering the longitude, thought neceffary for making the faii experiments : and whereas by reafon of the feveral payments made by the treafurer of the navy to the Jeveral perjons as aforefaid, the faid commiffioners have, by virtue of the faid afts of parliament, expended the whole of the fums thereby grantedfor the purpofes aforefaid: and whereas, from the experiments which have already been made in fur-fuance of the powers vejled in the faid commijfioners as aforefaid, there is great reafon to expeft that, by continuing to encourage ingenious perfons to invent and make further improvements and experiments, in order to difeover the faid longitude, fuch difeoveries may at length be produced as will effeftually anfwer that end, and thereby contribute very much to the advantage of the trade and honour of this kingdom*: therefore, for enabling the faid commijfioners to canfie fuch further experiments to be made as they Jhall think proper for the purpofes aforefaid, be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commogs, in this prefent parliament ,  aflembled.

1761.] Anno fecundo GeoRoii III.  99

aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid com- Tte commif-miiSoners, conftituted by the faid feveral ads of parliament nder " before-mentioned for the difcovery of the longitude at fea, and the recited for examining, trying, and judging, of all propofals, experi- ads, are im-ments, and improvements, relating to the fame, or any five or powered to more of them, (hall have full power to hear and receive any ^Jjveo re" propofal or propofals that have bfeen, or (hall hereafter be, made faU^for difoo-to them for difeovering the faid longitude at fea; and in cafe the veringthelon-fud commifiioners, or any five or more of them, (hall be fo far gitude at feaj fatisfied of the probability of any fuch propofal or difcovery, as  f^sfiedof

to think it proper to make experiment thereof, they (hall certify  probabili-

the fame, under their hands and feals, to the commiffioners of ty of any fuch the navy for the time being, together with the perfons names propofal, as to who (hall be the authors of fuch propofals ; and, upon produc- [£m k£r°per ing fuch certificate, the faid commiffioners of the navy are r\J^t there-" hereby authorized and required to make out a bill or bills for of, they are to any fuch fum or fums of money, not exceeding two thoufand certify the pounds, as the faid commiffioners for the difcovery of the faid [^authors longitude, or any five or more of them, (hall think neceflary tothe for making any experiments in purfuance of this ait, or any of commiflionera the faid former aits above-mentioned, payable by the treafurer of the navy f of the navy; which fum or fums the treafurer of the navy for wh2ea^lt^bills the time being is hereby required to pay immediately to fuch [hereupon for perfon or perfons as (hall be appointed by the commiffioners for any fum or the difcovery of the faid longitude, to make thofe experiments, fums not ex-out of any money that (hall be in his the faid treafurer’s hands unapplied for the ufe of the navy.  thought ne-

cellary; to be paid by the treafurer of the navy out of any money in hii bands unapplied.

CAP. XIX.

Aa aft for the better prefervation of the game in that part of Great Britain called England.

FOR the better prefervation of the game in this kingdom, may it ^ramble?.

pleafe your moft excellent Majejly, that it may be enabled; and ^62^0perfon be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with maytak!£killt the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and buy, or fell, or commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the au- hajeinhiscuf-thority of the fame. That no perfon or perfons, after the firft ndgelbetwcm day or June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two, (hall, j*Feb.&iSep. upon any pretence whatfoever, take, kill, deftroy, carry, fell, orpbea&at, buy, or have in his, her, or their pofleffion or ufe, any partridge, b€t7cel!/eb* between the twelfth day of February and the firft day of Sep- Sheath fowl. Umber, in any year; or any pheafant, between the firft day of between 1 Jan* February and the firft day of October, in any year; or any heath and 20 Aug. fowl, commonly called Black Game, between the firft day ofor groufe, be-January and the twentieth day of Auguft, in any year; or any and*a 5 July * groufe, commonly called Red Game, between the firft day pf in any year § December and the twenty fifth day of July, in anv year.  Pheafantstak.

II. Provided always. That nothing m this ait mall extepd to .en in the pre-any pheafant which (hall be taken in the feafon allowed by this pcrfeafon,and aa, and kept in any mew or breeding-place.  KE”'

H %  Dg^r  ^icpWi ««pt-

•Q»

ioo  Anno fecundoGeorgii III.

Thi» aft not HI. Provided alfo. That nothing in this a& contained (hall toextend to extend, or be conftruod to attend, to that part of Britain 8oot,,nd* called Scotland.

Perfons of- IV* And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That fending in any if any perfon or perfons (hall tranfgrefs this ad in any of the aforefsrid* aforefaid cafes, and (hall be lawfully convided thereof by the oath forfeit 51. per  onc or raore credible witnefs or witnefles, every fuch perfon

bird, to the (hall, for every partridge, pheafant, heath fowl, or groufe, fo profecutor# taken, killed, deftrpyea, carried, fold, bought, or found in his, her, or their poflemon or ufe, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad, forfeit and pay the fuin of five pounds to the perfon or perfons who (hall inform or fue for the fame: and to  it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons to fue

coftsfa any a*n<^ profccute for, and recover, the faia penalty of five pounds, of the courts with full cofts of fuit, by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or informa* at Wefoxdn* tion, In any of his Majefty’s courts of record at JVeJlminJler; fter.  and in fuch adion or fuit, no efioin, wager of law, or more than

one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

Recital of V. And whereas by an a<5t pafled in the eighth year of the reign ^Geo*?  his *ate MaJefty K^ng George the Firft, intituled. An aft for

* • the better recovery of the penalties infilled upon perfons who deftroy the game j it was enaded, That wherefoever any perfon (nail, for any offence to be hereafter committed againft any law now in being for the better prefervation of the game, be liable or fubjed to any pecuniary penalty or fum of money, upon con-vidion before any juftice or juftices of the peace, it (hall and may be lawful for any other perfon whatfoever, either to proceed to recover the faid penalty by information and conviction, before a juftice or juftices of tne peace, in fuch manner as is in fuch law contained, or to fue for the fame by adion of debt, or on the cafe, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty*s courts of record: and whereas, a moiety Or portion of the faid pecuniary penalty is, by feveral ads of parliament, directed to be applied to and for the ufe of the poor of the pari(h wherein fuch offence (hall be committed, by reafon whereof inhabitants of the faid pari(h have been difallowed to give evidence touchrflg fuch offences: and whereas fuits by adion of debt, or on the cafe, bill, plaint, or information, are often attended with great The whole of co^s an<* charges to the profecutor, by means whereof the end the pecuniary or intentions of the faid ad have been, in a great meafure, penalties un- fruftrated ; for remedy whereof, be it enaded by the authority ft thC af°refaid, That from and after the pafiing of this ad, it (hall luedfoT and an<* maY b* lawful for any perfon whatfoever, to fue for and recovered to recover the whole of fuch penalty for his own ufe, by adion of the foie ufe of debt or on the cafe, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his theorofecutor, Majefty’s courts of record at JVeftminJler, wherein no efloin, 3 f°Ub ° ^gcr °f law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed; and no part an“ wherein the plaintiff, if he recovers, (hall have his double thereof to go cofts ; and that no part of the (aid penalty, recovered in any toe ufe of fuch lUit or adion, frail be paid, or applied to or for the ufe of

the

v^.ooQle

1761.]- Anno fecundo Georgji III.  101

the Door of the parifh wherein fuch offence (hall be committed j the poor of any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding,  panlh.

VI.  Provided always, and be it enacted. That no fuch aCHon, Profecutions fiiit, bill, plaint, or information, (hall be brought or exhibited, to be within 6 but within the fpace of fix months next after the matter or thing done, for which the fame (hall be commenced or exhibited as lotted aforefaid,

CAP, XX.

Jin ait to explain, amend, and reduce into one aft of parliament, the feveral laws, now in being, relating to the rai-Jtng and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England.

*tr7HEREAS a well regulated militia has been found to be of Preamble, W great utility, and is of the utmoft importance to the internal defence of tins country: And whereas the laws now in force for the training and regulating thereof are in Come refpefts defective j be it therefore enacted by the King’s molt excellent Majefty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, jbe King to and commons, in parliament aflembled, and by the authority iflue forth of the fame. That from and after the paffing of this a<ft, his commiflions Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflors, may and (hall iflue forth for ^hcrefpec^ commiflions of lieutenancy, for the refpe&ive counties, ridings, tive counties* and places, herein after mentioned ; and the refpe&ive lieute- the lord lieu, nants thereby appointed (hall have full power and authority, tenants ira-and they are hereby required to call together all fuch perfons, [^euiwn to and to arm and array them at foch times, and in fuch manner, affembfe and as is herein after exprefled; and fuch refpe&ive lieutenants (hall, arm the mili-firom time to time, conftitute and appoint fuch perfons as they tia» and ap-fliall think fit, qualified as is herein after directed, and living j^c^nts^ within their refpeCtive counties, ridings, and places, to be their being firft ap.

deputy lieutenants; the names of fuch perfons having been firft proved of by

his “ “ ’ anc

commiflions

preferited to, and approved by, his Majefty, his heirs, or fuc- hi* Majefty J ceflors ; and (hall, before the times appointed for holding the third meetings of the deputy lieutenants andjuftices of to™?roper# peace within their refpeCfcive fubdivifions, for chooflng by lot number of of-the perfons to ferve in the militia as herein after mentioned, ficers, hefore appoint a proper number of colonels, lieutenant colonels, majors,  *h,rd -

and other officers, alfo qualified as is herein after directed, to [^deputy train and difeipline the perfons fo to be armed and arrayed, ac- lieutenants,for cording to the rules, orders, and directions herein after provided, chooflng the and (hall certify to his Maiefty, his heirs, or fucceflors, the  *<*s

names and ranks of fuch officers, within one month after they t0 ££ cerdfied lhall be fo appointed $ and in cafe his Maiefty, his heirs, or fuc- to his Majefty ceflors, (hall, within one month after fuch certificate laid before within a his Majefty, his heirs, pr focceflbrs, fignify his or their difap-probation of any perfon to be fuch officer in the militia, his bUdif. Majefty’s lieutenant (hall not grant a commiflion to fuch perfon, approbation * but (hall grant commiflions to fuch perfons fo appointed, who ofanyofthero, (hall not be disapproved of by his Majefty, his heirs, or foccef- no commiflion bn, MaforelW.  "

*13  Ui  Aud

j02  Anno  fecundo  Georgii  III.  [1761-

The lord lieu- II. And be it enabled. That when the lieutenant of a county, tenant being riding, or place, lhall be abfcnt out of the kingdom of Great

Great Britain rltalt ^a^ and maY  f°r  h*s Majcfty, his heirs,

tlie King may and fyccefiors, to authorize and appoint three deputy lieutenants authorize the to grant commiflions to officers ferving or to ferve in the militia deputy lieute- for foch county, riding, or place, upon any vacancy that (haU v icant comUP haPPen during the abfence of the faid lieutenants ; which commiflions. " miffions lhall be good and valid in like manner as if they had been granted by the lieutenant himfelf.

Commiflions III. Provided always, and be it enabled, That nothing herein °l lieutenancy, contained, lhall be conftrued to vacate any commiffion of licu-an§lotahe^nS, tenancY ^ready granted by his Majefty, nor any deputations commiflions granted to deputy lieutenants, nor any commiffions granted to already grant- officers ; but that the fame lhall continue in full force and vied, to frand gour, for the purpofes of this a61, fo as the faid deputy lieute-5  ^  nants and officers be qualified as is herein after diredled.

qualified. Uy IV. Provided alfo, and be it enabled, That no deputation reputation of anY deputy lieutenant, nor any commiffion of any officer in deputy lieute- the militia, already granted or to be granted by any lieutenant nants, and of- for any county, riding, or place refpeblively, (hall be vacated by fleers com-^t reafon of the revocation, expiration, or difcontinuance, of the Seated by the commiffion by which fuch refpeblive lieutenants were or lhall revocation, be appointed.

&cc. of the V. And be it enacted, That his Majefty's lieutenant of every commiflionof county, riding, or place, lhall have the chief command of the leutenancy.  thereof  which lhall be faifed by virtue of this abl: and

nant toThave *n evcrY county, riding, or place, in England (except as is the chief herein after excepted) there lhall be appointed twenty or more command of deputy lieutenants, if fo many perlbns qualified as is herein be-the militia of fore and after exprefled, can be therein found; and if twenty t e county, p^fo^ fo qualified cannot be therein found, then there lhall be monTcTeputv aPP°inted fo many perfons as can be therein found: and each lieutenants to perfon fo to be appointed a deputy lieutenant or colonel, fhali be appointed be feifed or poflefied, cither in law or equity, for his own ufe for every and benefit, in pofleffion of a freehold, copyhold, or cuftomary manycm£ eftate for life, or for fome greater eftate, or of an eftate for fome found quali- long term °f years, determinable on one or more life or lives, fled.  in manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in

Qualification England, If'ales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, of the of a deputy yearly value of four hundred pounds, or lhall be heir apparent lieutenant 0f fome perfon wh0 lhall be, in like manner, feifed or poflefied 400I. per Ann. °f a d^e as aforefaid, of the yearly value of eight hundred of a lieutenant Pounc^s : and each perfon fo to be appointed a lieutenant colonel, colonel and  or major, lhall be, in like manner, feifed or poflefied of a like

major, eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of three hundred pounds ; 3ool.per Ann. or fhali be heir apparent ot fome perfon who lhall be, in like manner, feifed or poflefied of a like eftate as afore-of a captain  }'earty value °f fix hundred pounds : and

aool.pcrAnn. each perfon fo to be appointed a captain, lhall be, in like .  manner, feifed or poflefied of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the

yearly value of two hundred pounds; or lhall be heir apparent of feme perfon who lhall be, in like manner, feifed or poflefied

of

Digitized '

r7^J-l Anno fccundo Georgii III.  103

€ a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of (bur hun-red pounds; or (hall be a younger fon of fome perfon who iall be* or, at the time of his death, was, in like manner, feifed poflefled of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of lieutenant,

: hundred pounds : and that each perfon fo to be appointed a Iool> P*rAmw utenant (hall be, in like manner, feifed or poflefled of a like and enfign, [late as aforefaid, of the yearly value of one hundred pounds; *oi* P?r Ann. r ihali be fon of fome perfon who (hall be, or, at the time of rtccftates re-pis death, was, in like manner, feifed or poflefled of a like eftate nuifite to their as aforefaid, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds: and ieveral qualifi-■each perfon fo to be appointed an eniign, (hall be, in like man- cations,except Her, feifed or poflefled of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly fubahern offi-▼alue of twenty pounds ; or (hall be fon of fome perfon who cers> t0 be (hall be, or, at the time of his death, was, in like manner, feifed within the or poflefled of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value ofC(Junty tor fifty pounds : one moiety of which faid eftates, required as qua- thcy iifications for each deputy lieutenant, colonel, lieutenant colonel, major, and captain refpe&ively, (hall be fituate or arifing

within fuch refpedtive county or riding in which he (hall be ap- What (hall be

I _ r___JO  r  deemed equal

pointed to fen e.  ^ eftate of

VI.  Provided always, and be it enacted, That for the pur- iool.perAnn. pofes of the refpe&ive qualifications required by this a<5l, the and fo in pro-immediate reversion or remainder of and in manors, mefluages, potion, re-hnds, tenements, or hereditaments, which are leafed for one, ^ualificatioii. two, or three life or lives, or for any term of years determinable q

upon the death of one, two, or three life or Jives, on referved Aleafehold rents, and which are to the lefiee or leflecs of the clear yearly e^atc origi-vahie of three hundred pounds, (hall be deemed equal to an ”0^0 eftate herein before deferibed as a qualification of the yearly value eqU^\ in an-* of one hundred pounds, and fo in proportion, be the faid qua- nual value to lification of a greater or lefs degree.  what is n-

VII.  And be it enafted, That a perfon poflefled either in law

or equity, for his own ufe and benefit, in poflelTion of an eftate a deputy1 for a certain term originally granted for twenty years, or more, lieutenant of an annual value, over and above all rents ana charges payable commif-out of or in refpedf of the fame, equal to the annual value deemed^luf fiich an eftate as is required for the qualification of a deputy ficjent qUau^ lieutenant, and commiflion officer of the militia refpedtively, fcation. and fituate as aforefaid ; (hall be, and is hereby deemed and de- . dared to be, duly and fufficiently qualified to ad and ferve under dcpu^fcite-fuch refpedive commiflion.  nants tbr the"

VIII.  And be it enaded. That in the feveral counties of counties of Cumberland, Huntingdon, Monmouth, IVeftmoreland, and Rutland, Cumberland, and of every county and place in the dominion of Wales refpec-

tively, there (hall be five or more deputy lieutenants appointed Weftmore-*

(if fo many perfons qualified as herein after exprefled can be land,Rutland, therein found) and the eftates requifite for the qualification 6f;'.nri principa-the refpedive deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia ^SaUficaSo " therein, fhall be as follows ; that is to fay, a deputy lieutenant ^ deputy11 or colonel (hall be, in like manner, feifed or poflefled of a like lieutenant or eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of three hundred pounds ; colonel tor or (hall be heir apparent of a perfon who (hall be, in like man- th°k

~ 4  rnnnip ner

T VjOOQIC

H

104  Anno  fecundo  Georgii III. [1761?

ngr, feifed or pofiefied of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly of a lieutenant yalue of five hundred pounds: a lieutenant colonel, or major, colonel, (hall be, in like manner, feifed or pofiefied of a like eftate apo f perann. afore(aid, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds; or (hall be heir apparent of a perfon who (hall be, in like manner, feifed or pofiefied of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of •captain, four hundred pounds : a captain (hall be, in like manner, feifed 150I.perann. pj- pofiefied of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of pne hundred and fifty pounds; or (hall be fon of a perfon who (hall be, or, at the time of his death, was, in like manner, feifed pr ppftefied of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of lieutenant, fhree hundred pounds : a lieutenant (hall be, in like manner, 7° 1- ann* feifed or pofiefied of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly vglue and enfign, of feventy pounds; or (hall be fon of a perfon who (hall be, or, aol. per um. at the time of his death, was, in like manner, feifed or pofiefied A moiety of Qf a [ifce eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of two hundred qulfite tcTthelr Pounds: m enfign (hall be, in like manner, feifed or pofiefied feveral quali- of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of twenty pounds ; fications, ex- or (hall be fon of a perfon who (nail be, or, at the time of his cept for lieu- death, was, in like manner, feifed or pofiefied of a like eftate as enfign* tobe  aforefaid, of the yearly value of fifty pounds: one half of all

within the  which refpe&ive eftates, except thofe tor the qualifications of

county for  lieutenants and enfigns, (hall be fituate or arifing within fuch

which they  refpe<ftive county or riding, in which fuch officers (hall be re-

fervc*  fpcaiydy appointed to ferve.

In thofecoun- IX. Provided always. That in fuch counties where twenty ties where ~ perfons qapnot be found qualified as aforefaid, and willing to *0 deputy  a£t as deputy lieutenants, it may and (hall be lawful for his Ma-

Heutcnants  jefty’s lieutenant of any fuch county, and he is hereby required,

found* dul  a^ter havinS aPP°inte^ *0 many perfons as can be found qualified

qualified^ and as aforefaid, to appoint fuch number of perfons to be deputy willing to aft, lieutenants as (hajl be requifite to make up the number twenty, fo many who (hall refpeftively be feifed or pofiefied of a like eftate of the with a qualifi- yearly value of two hundred pounds, and fituate as aforefaid: aoohpcrann. provided, that the perfons fo appointed (hall not make the y be ap- ' whole number of deputy lieutenants for the faid county to ex-pointed, as ceed the number of twenty; and every fuch perfon (hall be, and will make up hereby deemed and declared to be, duly and fufficiently qua-The whole hfiedt0 a<^ ferve under fuch refpeftive commiflion. number for X. And be it enafted. That the eftates requifite for the qua-fuch county lification of the deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia in hot to exceed the ifle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge, (hall be as follows; *°*  .  a deputy lieutenant (hall be feifed or pofiefied of a like eftate

STdeputy00 aforekid, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds; or (hall lieutenants  fa heir apparent of fome perfon who (hall be, in like manner,

and officers  feifed or pofiefied of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value

for the ifle  of four hundred pounds : a captain (hall be, in like manner,

of adeputV  feifed or P^fed of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value

lieutenant/ °f onc hundred pounds; or (hall be heir apparent of a perfon £001* perann. who (hall be, in like manner, feifed or pofiefied of a like eftate of a captain, a$ aforefaid, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds; or (fall 1001. perann. be a younger fon of fome perfon who (hall be, or, at the time of '  '  his

1761.] Anno fecundo Georgii III.  iO£

his death, was, in like manner, feifed or poffefled of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of three hundred pounds : a lieutenant (hall be, in like manner, feifed or poffefled of a like lieutenant* eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of fifty pounds; or (hall 5° J* P*r be fon of fome pcrfon who (hall be, or, at the time of his death, l.Cpa*gann. was, in like manner, feifed or poffefled of a like eftate as afore- a moiety of* hid, of the yearly value of one hundred pounds : an enfign (hall the eftates re-be, in like manner, feifed or poffefled of a like eftate as aforefaid, *° . pf the yearly value of twenty pounds; or (hall be fon of fome qua^cations, pcrfon who (hall be, or, at the time of his death, was, in like except for manner, feifed and pofleffed of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the lieutenants yearly value of fifty pounds: one half of all which eftates, ex- *”^”***5* cept thofe for the qualifications of lieutenants and enfigns, (hall jflj of Ely or be fituate or arifing within the (aid ifle* of Ely, or fome other com. Cam-part of the county of Cambridge.  bridge.

XI. And be it enadted, That in all cities or towns which are Five or more counties within themfelves, and have heretofore been impower- deputy lieu-ed, by law or antient ufe, to raife and train a feparate militia ^enaij“^ ** within their feveral precinds and liberties, and which are by this forTuch cities a# united with, and made part of, any county or counties for and towns as the purpofes of this adt only; his Majefty’s lieutenants of fuch are counties cities or towns, or, where there is no lieutenant appointed by . his Majefty, the chief magiftrate of fuch city or town, (hall1 mcvcs* appoint five or more deputy lieutenants (if lo many perfons and officcrg qualified as is herein after exprefled can therein be found) and proportiona-(nall alfo appoint ofiicers of the militia, whofe number and rank ble to the lhall be proportionable to the number of militia men which fuch quota of mesu city or town (hall raife, as their quota, towards the militia of the ^pow^fiont county to which fuch city or town is, by this adt, united for jn the purpofes aforefaid; the qualification of which officers re- fpe&ingcoun-fpedtively (hall be as is herein after-mentioned ; and all powers ties at large, given, and provifions made, by this adt, with refpedl to counties pended to at large, and the militia thereof, and the regiftering the qualifi- ^ townsT* cations of deputy lieutenants and officers, (nail take place and except, that be in force with refpedt to the faid cities and towns, and the after the militia thereof, and the regiftering the faid qualifications, except number of only as to the particulars herein exprefled and otherwife provided for; that is to fay, after the number of perfons which fuch city appointed, or town is to furnilh to the militia (hall have been appointed, as two deputy is herein after diredted, by his Majefty’s lieutenant and the de- lieutenants

C lieutenants, or by the deputy lieutenants of the county at

of the militia whereof the militia of fuch city or town is, conferred by by this adt, made a part; any two or more of the deputy lieu- the aft on tenants, within fuch city or town, (hall have and exercife all the 1 deputy powers conferred by this adt on any three deputy lieutenants, or £^tcnantSf any two deputy lieutenants together with any one juftice of the The qualifi-pcace, or any one deputy lieutenant together with any two juftices cation for of the peace of any county at large: and the value of the re- *bch c,tics fpedlive qualifications of the deputy lieutenants and ofiicers of *P,d towns» the militia of fu^h cities or towns, (hall be as follows; every Qf * deputy deputy lieutenant apd field officer (hall rpfpedlively be feifed or lieutenant,

pofleffed

io6  Anno  fecundo  Georgii  III.  [iyi

and field  poflcfled of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly valu^ of thi

officer,  hundred pounds; or (hall be pofleflfed of a perfonal eftate alon

of i ca^afnT* or &&& or pofleffed of real and perfonal eftate together, to t. 150I. per ann. amount or value of five thoufand pounds: and the qualificatic lieutenant or of a captain (hall be a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly vali enfign, cf one hundred and fifty pounds, in manors, mefluages, /and A moiety of tenements, or hereditaments, or perfonal eftate alone, or feife the eifates re- or poffefied of real and perfonal eftate together, to the amour tjuiiite to their or value of two thoufand five hundred pounds : and the quali ieveral qualifi- fication of a lieutenant or enfigtl (hall bo a like eftate as aforefaid fbr1 ?ieute-CCi>t  *he ycarty value of fifty pounds, in manors, meffuages, lands

nants and en- tenements, or hereditaments, or perfonal eftate alone, to th< iigns, to be amount or value of feven hundred and fifty pounds : one half ol withm the ajj which real eftates refpe&ively (except thofe for the qualifier county at * tions lieutenants and enfigns) (hall be fituate or arifing within large to which fuch city or town, or within the county at large to which fuch they are unit- city or town is, by this a<ft, united for the purpofes aforefaid; *41 ?nd the and his Majefty’s lieutenants and the chief magiftrates of fuch to join that of CIt*es or towns, being counties in themfelves, relpe<ftively, (hall, the county, and they are hereby required to put the powers conferred by and tobeexer- this a<ft, for railing and training the militia within fuch cities or cifed together towns, into execution ; but the militia of fuch cities and towns The general as aforefaid being, by this a6l, declared to be part of the militia exercife; °f the counties to which fuch cities and towns are uni ted for the and when purpofes aforefaid, the militia of fuch cities or towns (hall join drawn out and the militia of the county to which fuch cities or towns arefo be*deemedt0 unite<l f°r the purpofes aforefaid; and the whole militia fo part thereof, joined together, (hall be exercifea together at the general exer-officers may  and  ^a^  then, and alfo when drawn out and embodied,

be promoted be deemed the militia of the county to which fuch cities or tor their mili- towns are united for the purpofes aforefaid. tune*of actual  And lt ena<^e<a> That when any regiment or battalion

invafion, or* °f militia (hall be drawn out and embodied, his Majefty’s lieu-rebellion, tenant of the county, riding, or place, for which fuch regiment though they or battalion (hall lerve, may, upon account of military merit wan.La P,;oPer (hewn in time of adtual invafion or a&ual rebellion, promote 2ut none tobe anY °fficer therein from a lower to a higher commiflion, inclu-promoted five of that of lieutenant colonel, notwithftanding he (hould not higher than a have the qualifications requifite for his firft admittance into fuch wanTa*Z^Y  ran*c  m fuc*h regiment or battalion: provided, that no

ficaUon^tor Per^ons not having the qualification herein before direded for 1 that rank. captain, (hall be promoted to an higher rank than that of Recited quali* captain.

fications not XIII. And be it ena&ed, That the qualifications above re-t0 CXttfrd t0 c*te<^to ena^e any Perf°n to be a deputy lieutenant, lieutenant granted by the co^oneU major, captain, lieutenant, or enfign, (hall not extend conflable of to fuch commiffions as (hall be granted by his Majefty’s conftable the tower, or of the tower, or lieutenant of the tower hamlets, lieutenant of XIV. And be it enaefted, That his Majefty, his heirs, and ham^sT fucceflors, (hall, from time to time, as he and they (hall think Deputy l'ieute- ^  his  ^  pleafiw  to  his  and  their lieutenants of

Hants and officers may

L^OOQle

Anna fecundo Georgii III.  107

\ny county, riding, or place, to difplace all or any fuch deimty be difplaced ku tenants and officers ; and thereupon his Majefty’s refpective aL!^e jcutcnants fhall appoint others within the fame county, riding, and others to jr place, under the like qualifications, to ferve in their (lead. be appointed

XV.  And be it enacted, That no deputy lieutenant or com- in their room, hitflon officer in the militia (hall act as fuen, until he (hall have Qualifications eft with the clerk of the peace of the county, riding, or place,to be %ned. n and for which he (hall be fo appointed, his qualification in theclerk^f * mating, figned by himfelf; and fuch clerk of the peace is hereby the peace to tquired to enter the fame upon a roll to be kept for that pur- be inrolled, pole : and every deputy lieutenant and commiffion officer not before they oaring already taken and fublcribed the oaths, and made, re- P^.ume to reated, and fubferibed, the declaration, as required by the faid ^d they are tenner a*5ls relating to the militia, (hall, at fome general quarter to take the feffions, or in one of his Majefty’s courts of record at JFeftminfter, oa!h8 ap-within fix months after he (hail have accepted his commillion,  i

take the oaths in and by an act parted in the lirft year of the a 1 reign of his Majefty King George the Firft, intituled. An aft for the further fecurity of his Majefty's perfon and government, and the fuaeftJUn of the crown in the heirs of the late princefs Sophia, being prstejlants^ and for extinguijbing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open and Jecret abettors, appointed t6 be taken, and make and (hall aifo make, repeat, and fubferibe, the declaration in the faid ^bfcnbc^lic act directed to be made, repeated, and fubferibed, by all officers therein ap-civil and military.  pointed.

XVI.  And be it enacted, That if any perfon (hall execute Deputy lieu -any of the powers hereby conferred on deputy lieutenants, co- tenants and lonels, lieutenant colonels, or majors (not being qualified as J^ers ^a&in* aforefaid) or (hall not deliver in fuch qualification, and take the not ^ * ** oaths, and make, repeat, and fubferibe, the declaration afore- qualified^ or laid, as is herein before required, every fuch perfon (hall forfeit pot comply-and pay the fum of two hundred pounds: and if any perfon

lhall execute any of the powers hereby conferred on captains, fat?onsnorfcit lieutenants, or enfigns (not being qualified as aforefaid) and tool. *

(hall not deliver in (uch qualification, and take, the oaths, and and captain* make, repeat, and fubferibe, the declaration aforefaid, as is and fubalttrns herein before required, every fuch perfon (hall forfeit and pay rccovrr. the fum of one hundred pounds : fuch feveral penalties to be ed in any vt recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any the courts at of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeftminfter; wherein no Wettminitcr * eflbin, wager of law, or protection, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed ; one moiety whereof (hall go to the ufe one m°,ety of the perfon who (hall fue for the fame, and the other moiety to the ufes herein after directed.  cutor. P

XVII.  And be it enacted, That in every action, fuit, or in- prooy Gfqua-formation, brought againft any perfon for acting as a deputy location m lieutenant, colonel, lieutenant colonel, major, captain, lieute- all liiits to nant, or enfign, not being qualified as herein before is directed,

the proof of bis qualification lhall lie upon the perfon againft G ,u# whom the fame is brought.

XVIII. Provided

108  Anno  fircundo  Georgii  IIL  [1761.

Peers, and XVIII. Provided always, and be it enaded, That nothing in heirs apparent th}s a<ft contained (hall extend, or be confirued to extend, to re-be araoSm^ Arain his Majefty’s lieutenant of any county, riding, or place, deputylieute- from appointing any peer of this realm, or heir apparent of any nants or com- fuch peer, to be a deputy lieutenant, or commiffion officer in million officers tjje rnilitia, within the county, riding, or place, wherein fuch where they peer, or heir apparent of fuch peer, (hall relpedively have feme fide; andtbeir place of refidence; or to oblige any peer of this realm, or heir qualification apparent of fuch peer (fo appointed a deputy lieutenant or com-million officer refpedively; to leave with the clerk of the peace theclerk JJf ^or the county, riding, or place, for which he fhall be appointed, the peace; any qualification in writing as aforefaid 5 but it (hall be lawful but on talcing for every peer of this realm, or heir apparent of fuch peer, fb oaths, &c. appointed, and taking the oaths, and making, repeating, and witlx^beinK fubferibing, the declaration aforefaid, to ad as a deputy lieute-otherwife B nant or commiffion officer refpedively, although he (hall not qualified. be Ceiled or poffefled of any fuch eftate, in manors, meffiiages. Acceptance of 1*™!$, tenements, or hereaitaments, as is required by this ad. a  XIX.  Provided  alfo,  and  be it enaded. That the acceptance

does not va- of a commiffion in the militia (hall not vacate the feat of any cate a feat in member returned to ferve in parliament,

parliament. XX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Where the That in every county .where the militia (hall not be raifed, the “!*jtja j» “ot lord lieutenant of fuch county fhall, within one month before the iieureiiMt U 8eneral quarter feffiops to be held at  and  within one

to advertife fnonth before the general quarter feffions to be held next after the want of Afidjiunmet,In every year, caufe advertifements to be publilhed officers, a ;n the London Gazottt, and the news paper of fuch county, fig-thequartcr nifyipg the want of officers; and all perfons qualified to ferve feflnms at » officers, and willing fo to do, (hall at any time return their Chriftmas, names and intention to the lord lieutenant, or, in his abfence, and Midfum- to any general quarter feffions for the county in which they

s;, K' w*'»

perfons qualified) and willing to ferve, are thereupon to return their names, &c»

Where the XXL And whereas in feveral counties and places the militia militia has have not been raifed in fuch manner as was authorized by an not been raifed a# made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late Majefty 5KS5 King George the Second, and feveral fublequent afts, relative tQ 30 Geo. II. and the raifing of the militia forces, by reafon that a fufficient num-other fubfe- ber of perfons, qualified to a£t as officers in the militia, did not quent ads re- tender themfelves to accept commifllons in that fervice\ be it mor fhafuot t^icref°re enadted by the authority aforefaid, That in all coun-be*raifed in ties and places where the militia nave not been raifed by virtue purfuance of and in purfuance of the faid former adls, and where it (nail not this a&, 51. be raifed by virtue and in purfuance of this a&5 the fum of five nualTv^s to* pounds fhall be annually paid for and in lieu of eveiy private be paid by militia man herein mentioned to fie raifed within the fame 3 every fuch and that his Majefty’s lieutenant of every fuch county and county, See. place refpeftively, 'or any three or more deputy lieutenants, at the expiration of every year in which the militia for fuch county and place (hall not have been raifed from and atfte* &e paffinj*

ty€i.]  Aluio feciindd Gsorgii IIL  109

of this ad* lhall* from year to year, certify the fame in writing and certifi-under his or their hands, and alfd the whole amount of the fe-veral fums of five pounds per man to be raifed on fuch county f^s°therc-as aforefaid, to the juftices of the peace at their general or quar- upon due, are ter feffions next held after the full end and accomplilhment of to be returned the faid year for fuch refpedive county or place 5 and the juftices tbc of the peace, fo aflembled at fuch general or quarter feffions, t0 where fuph certificate (hall be produced, (hall forthwith rate and font; ^ aflefs on the faid county the fum and fums mentioned in fuch and the juftices certificate: and fuch fum and fums (hall be rated and afiefled in *** forthwith fuch and the lame manner, and according to fuch and the fame proportions, upon every town, parilh, and place within the laid f0 certified, in county, and be colleded, received, levied, and paid, and be ac- like manner counted for by the perfons making fuch collections, in fuch u county manner, and by fuch means, with fuch powers of diftrefs, and ratis* other remedies for enforcing the collection and payment thereof, and for punifiling all perfons whole duty it (hall be to collect or account for the lame, and lhall make default therein, as the county rates have been ufually, or may, by an aCt made in the twelftn year of the reign of nis late Majefty, intituled. An all by a& ttG.IL for the mere easy qffijjtngy tolletting, and levying of county rates, or may be rated by any other aCt or ads of parliament, be afiefled, colleded, affcffed* received, levied, paid, and accounted for, within the faid county: ^ the trcJU and fuch rates or aflefiments, when received, lhall be from time furer of the to time paid by the treafurer or treafurers of fuch counties to the county is to receivers general thereof; and the receipt of fuch receiver ge- PaX ovcrf5he neral lhall be a full and fufficicnt difeharge to fuch treafurer or receiver ge-treafurers for the payment of fuch monies.  neraL

XXII.  Provided always. That the rates or afleflinents which The faid rate lhall be made by fuch juftices of the peace at the faid general or to be made, quarter feffions in pursuance of this ad, lhall be made, afiefled, ,cv.^*/5?d colleded, received, levied, and paid, feparately and diftindly PJ?* m^l ^* from all the other county rates afiefled and raifed upon and with- Jther county in the faid county; any thing in the faid ad made in the twelfth rates.

year of his late Maiefty’s reign, or any other ad or ads of parliament, or any cuftom or ufage, to the contrary notwithftandmg.

XXIII.  Ana be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. After notice That the feveral and refpedive parochial officers, or other per- f J^ount <xf ® fons, who lhall pay or be liable to pay the rates or afleflinents, ^ rate8f which lhall be made and rated for the purpofe of this ad, upon parochial’ of-any parilh, town, and place; and alfo all fuch parochial officers fleers, &c. are and perfons, upon whom any fuch rate or afleflment lhall be J0™** levied; lhall and may, from time to time, after notice lhall be byCadi-given of the amount of the rate or afleflment, upon fuch town, ftintt rate parilh, or pfece, either before the payment thereof by fuch pa- and afleflment rochial officers or perfons, or after the fame lhall have been ac- JJlgPthc rcf' tually paid by, or levied upon, fuch officers or perfons, rate ^i^hest,0^u^, and levy fuch monies, by a feparate and diftind rate and afleff- places; * ment, upon every fuch refpedive town, parifli, or place, in fuch

manner and proportion, and with fuch powers for recovery thereof, as any other county rate may be aflefled or levied: and

that

no  Anno  fccando  GeorcJii  III.  [ 17G

arid tenants that every tenant or occupier of any houfe, land, tythe, tex*< ?.:ii occupiers ment, or hereditament, who (hall pay any rate or a&fiment t r me^are to ^ mac^c *n purfuance of this ad by fuch refpedive parochial ol allowed  fleers or perfons, within any fuch town, pari(h,or place, or up

wbat they  on whom any fuch rate or afleflment (hall be levied, (hall an

r^iil fo pay in may dcdud tne feme out of his or her rent, and (hail be acqu 11 their rent.  tC{j and difeharged for fo much money as fuch rates or afleil

ments (hall, from time to time, amount unto, as fully and e/-fedually as if fuch money had been actually paid to the per-fon or perfons to whom fuch rent is or (hall be payable; anc fuch perfon or perfons is and are hereby required to allow, firorr time to time, fuch dedudions, upon receipt of the refidue of the J  rent.

Agreement XXIV. Provided always. That nothing herein before contain-iictwecn land- ed, (hall vacate any covenant or agreement contained in anjr rant not va- *eafe ^etween landlord and tenant, where the eftatc leafed is not cited, where kt at rack rent; and that no landlord of any eftate which (hall ::u eltate lea- not be let at rack rent, (hall be obliged or compelJaWe to aHow ia\ is not let to any tenant any money which he or (he (hall pay towards any ^idbndfeld county rate> which (hall be made in purfuance of this ad, but r> allow only *n proportion only to the rent fuch landlord (hall receive from 1.1 proportion his tenant.

to the rent he XXV. Provided always, and be it enaded, That in all cafes receives. where a certain number of private militia men aredireded to be Where the raifed for any county, together with any city or town being a militia for county of itfelf, and the militia has not been, or (hall not be, any county, raifed, for fuch county, and city or town, the payment of the aif°citr or  ^um ^ve Poun<*s Per man> upon the whole number of

tavii"being a- private militia men fo direded to be raifed as aforefaid, (hall be comity of it- divided and apportioned between fuch county, and fuch city or kli, is not  town being a county of itfelf, in fuch proportion as the refpedive

fumof \llC  Paid to land tax by the feid county, and by the faid

per*man*is to city and town being a county of itfelf, bear to each other; unlefs be apportion- an apportionment of the faid number of private militia men (hall ed between adually have been made in purfuance of the lift direded to be rilCm,rtioni' as rctumc^ hy the feid former ads, or by this prefent ad, in which tSr^refpec- cafe the faid fum of five pounds per man (hall be borne by fuch live Quotas to county, and by fuch city or town being a county of itfelf, in fuch tbe land tax proportion as the refpedive numbers of men (o apportioned to ©the/-0 eaCl* ra^cc* hy fuch county, and by fuch city or town, bear to but if an ap- each other.

portionment of the men (hall have been made, the feid fern is to be borne them in fuch proportion as the numbers of men to be raifed by them reipsc-tively bear to each other.

Receiver ge- XXVI. And be ir further enaded by the authority aforefaid, over the feid That receiver general of the land tax for fuch refpedive county rates, counties or places, to whom fuch money (hall be paid by the together with treafurer or treafurers of fuch counties as aforefaid, (hall pay the fhe land tax, fame, together with the monies arifing from the land tax in fuch che uer di- county, into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at IVeftm-ninguifhing ni/jer> ar*d diftinguifh upon every fuch payment the monies re-1 he monies ccived by virtue of this ad$ and the monies fo paid into the receipt

1761.] AnnofecundoGeorgii III.  *ii

cdpt of his Majefty’s exchequer (hall be kept feparate and a- payable on part from all other monies, and (hall be paid by the lord high !{jgS^e tobe treafurer, or by the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high treafurer, or any three or more of them, for the time ly, and paid being, to the treafurers of fuch counties as have raifed or (hall over by the raife their militia, in proportion to the number of men raifed or to be raifed by each county refpedivelv, to be by them made offuch cou” part of the county (lock; and the lord high treafurer, or the ties as (hall commiffioners for executing the office of lord high treafurer for have raifed the time being, or any three or more of them, are hereby im- *hclr powered and required to apportion and iffue the faid money fo tothelrnura^ received accordingly; and no allowance or deduction (hail be ber of men, made from or out of the faid fums of money fo paid into the to be made exchequer on any account whatfoever.  dock.

No deduction to be made from the monies fo paid into the exchequer.  *

XXVII. Provided neverthelefs. That if the militia (hall be 'Y}?e.re tJie raifed in die manner appointed by virtue of this ad, for all or ^untV&c?y any of the faid counties or places, fuch refpedive counties and ihall be raifed places (hall, during the time the militia are fo raifed, be exon- as this aft dierated, freed, and diicharged, from the payment of the faid fums, rc^s* fu.ch and the aflcffinents to be made in refped thereof (hall, during ^^onerated fuch time, befufpended; anything herein contained to the con-,fr0m payment tiary notwithftanding.  of the faid

aXVIII. And be it enabled, That it (hall be lawful for the lieu- Aims, tenant of any county, riding, or place, to ad as a colonel of any Ld. lieute-regiment or battalion of militia for fuch county, riding, or place, nant may ad for and during fuch time or times as there (hall not be any co- as colon.el to lonel appointed for the command of the fame regiment or bat- ^ for which talion; but no lieutenant (hall at any one time ad as a colonel to no colonel is more than one regiment or battallion.  appointed,

XXIX.  And be it enaded, That where hisMajefly’s lieute- but may not nant of any county, riding, or place, (hall, under the powers S,anowat a given by this ad, ferve as colonel to any body of militia by this time;

ad deemed a battalion only, he (hall not, when fuch battalion And (hall be embodied and in adual fervice, be intituled to or re- command be oeive any other pay than that of a lieutenant colonel$ and that a battalion, no other perfon whatfoever (hall ferve or be intituled to pay as a he is to receive lieutenant colonel in fuch battalion, during the time that his Majefty^s faid lieutenant (hall ferve therein as colonel.  and no other

XXX.  And be it enaded, That his Majefty’s lieutenant perfon is to together with any three deputy lieutenants of any county, riding, ferve, or bein-or place, and on the death or removal, or in the abfcnce of his Majefty’s lieutenant, any five deputy lieutenants, (hill, at the nc\9 wmc aid of every four years, at their annual meeting in cafe the mi- ferves as colo-* litia of fuch county, riding, or place, (hall not be then embodied, nel. difeharge (bme one field officer of each regiment or battalion, and At the end of fuch a number of officers of each inferior rank as lhall be equal one^eidofficer to the number of perfons who (hall have given notice in writ- ©f each regi- * ing to his Majefty’s lieutenant one month at lead before fuch ment, &c. and meeting, that they are willing to ferve as field officers, captains, a number of lieutenants, or enfigns, as the cafe may require.

XXXI.  Pro- cqual t0 the’

number of perfoas who (hall have been returned as willing to ferve^are^o be diicharged.

Anno fccundo GEORdu III.

[176*;

in each rank Officer who has ferved 4 years, may offer to ferve in a higher rank, if qualified.

An adjutant may be ap

112

The number XXXI. Provided, That the number of vacancies to be made of fuch vacan- fl^ll not exceed one third of fuch officers, who (hall have fer-ceedone third vc^ f°r *hc ^Pacc four years in each rank refpeftively.

XXXII.  Provided, That nothing herein contained Hull prevent any officer who has ferved four years, from offering himfelf to ferve in an higher rank, if he be qualified as this aft requires to ferve in fuch higher rank.

XXXIII.  And be it enafted. That his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflbrs, may and (hall appoint one proper perfon who (hall have ferved, or (hall, at the time of fuch appointment, aftually ferve in fome of his Majefty’s other forces, or in any corps of militia that has been drawn out and embodied, to be an adju-

pointed by the tant to each regiment, battalion, or independent company of wgimentCaCh mi^a) *n each county, riding, or place refpeftively; and fuch &c. out of his adjutant, if appointed out of his Majefty’s other forces, (hall, Majefty'*  during his fervice in the faid militia, preferve his rank in the ar-

<*ker  my, in the fame manner as if he had continued in that fervice:

militia* anc*lt  may  ^  f°r lu* Majefty’s lieutenant of any

and if appoint- county, riding, or place, to grant unto th adjutant to each edoutofhis regiment, battalion, or independent company, a commiflionof Majcfty's o- lieutenant, or any inferior commiffion therein, although fuch heis^tokeep a4jutant *hall not ^avc an c^atc t0 qualify him for fuch com-his rank P miflion as is required by this aft. therein, and may hold a fubaltem commiffion without a qualification.

Militia officer XXXIV. And be it enafted. That no perfon, during the tirao exempted he is afting as a militia officer, (hall be obliged to ferve the office of (heriff.

XXXV.  And be it enafted, That any perfon who has quitted, or (hall quit, his half-pay, to ferve as a commiflioned officer in any regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia, (hall, upon his quitting the faid regiment, battalion, or independ-mijitia, upon ent company of militia, or upon the unembodying thereof, be quitting the reft0red to his half-pay ; fuch half-pay to recommence from the irnbJK are’Iaft quarter-day, or day of payment next preceding, to be reftored to half-pay again.

Serjeants may XXXVI. And be it enafted. That his Majefty, his heirs, beappointed and fucceflbrs, may and (hall appoint, according to the propor-by the King tion of one feijeant to twenty private men, two or more pro-out of his ^ perfons to be ferjeants to every company in the faid militia, other1forces out anc* ^rom lus Majefty’s other forces; fuch perfons having or embodied ferved in the faid forces for the fpace of one year next preceding militia, in the their appointment to be ferjeants; or may appoint fuch other proportion of perfons to be ferjeants, as have formerly ferved for the fpace of pri^t^men*0 onc  Majefty’s  faid forces; or out of or from any corps

a or more toe- of militia that has been drawn out and embodied; which fer-very company, jeants fo appointed (hall take the following oath; that is to fay.

Oath to be talc- T A.B. do /merely promife and Jwear, That I will be faithful and cn by ferjeants. X bear true allegiance to his Maje/y King George, his beirs9 and JucceJf'ors: and I do fwear that lama protefanty and that I willfaithfully ferve as a ferjeant in the militia, within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the fame7 until I Jball be legally difiharged.

6  And

vjOOQ 1C

from ferving as (heriff.

Officers quitting their ban-pay to fenre in the

7*i.J  Ahno  fectindo GeO^Cii III#  113

tnd the fervice in the militia of fuch perfons fo appointed out of Serjeants aj>-is Majcfty’s faid other forces, (hall intitle them to the benefit of 'bdfm kojpital^ in the fame manner as if they had continued to forces, irve in the faid forces; and every perfon appointed to be a fer- are intituled to Sant out of the penfuoncrs on the eftablifhment of Chelfea bofpt- Chelfca hofpi-dy (hall be intituled to be, and (hall be, put again upon the faid tal * r [bbliihment, after he (hall be difeharged from the fervice of cf faid

Lmilitia ; provided he brings a certificate of his good beha- hofpital, made r, under the hand of the colonel, or commanding officer of ferjeants, art be regiment or battalion in which he (hall have ferved: and his to.1* re-ad-Kajefty’s lieutenant (hall, from time to time, as occafion fhall gccrtf°~ cquke^ appoint a clerk to each regiment or battalion ; and the ficates of good Blond or the regiment or battalion, or, where there is no co- behaviour, kind, the lieutenant colonel, or where there is no colonel or lieutenant lieutenant colonel, the major, (hall appoint a ferjeant major out rc^me^tal* of the ferjeants, and a drum major out of the drummers.  clerk,

XXXVII.  And be it enacted. That no perfon who (hall keep and thecolo-any bode of public entertainment, or who (hall fell any ale* J?CV.*C*a w ine, brandy, or other fpirituous liquors by retail, (hall be Capa- j^and”1*" ble of being appointed or continuing a ferjeant in the militia. drum major,

XXXVlII.  And be it enadted, That the captain of every com- to each regi-pany of militia may and (hall appoint two perfons to b£ drum- mcnt* mers or fifers to his company* who* when fo appointed, and Alehoufe-baving received any pay as fuch, (hall be deemed to be engaged, and (hall be compellable to ferve in the fame regiment or batta- being fer-*001 boo, until legally difeharged; and may and (hall appoint cor- jeants. ponds out of the private men of his company, in the proportion Captain may of one corporal to twenty private men; and may difplace fuch appoint % drummers, fifers, and corporals refpe&ively, for milbehaviour, drummers or and appoint others in their room, from time to time, as he (hall ^Spamyi fee occafion; and may and (hall appoint, (with the approba- anj , Corpo-tion of the colonel, or, where there is no colonel, the lieutenant ral to »o men; colonel, or, where there is no colonel or lieutenant colonel, the a"d may dif-the major off the regiment or battalion) ferjeants out of the pri-vate men of the regiment or battalion, to fill up fuch vacancies ^e may of feijeants as may happen therein; which ferjeants fo appointed, with leave o!r (hall take the like oath as is herein before required to be taken the colonel, fill by ferjeants appointed by his Majefty (which oath any one de- ^f^eanti” puty lieutenant, or in cafe the regiment or battalion then hap- °ut ^ ^ pening to be embodied fhould bfe in any other county, riding, or ranks, place, any one juftice of the peace thereof, are hereby refpec- Such ferjeants tively authorized to adminifter) and that it (ball be lawful for the commanding officer of any regiment or battalion of militia, ^1 aPPom -being afield officer, upon the application of the captain, to dif- They may be place feijeants.  difplaced up-

XXXIX.  Provided always, and be it enabled, That any perfon ?P?^u.oa who is or (hall be appointed out of or from any company of his ° \ ecaP^am' Maefty*s other forces, to be a ferjeant in the militia, and (hall f£2army be ter any milbehaviour reduced into the ranks, and (hall not in jng reduced one month’s time after fuch reduction be reftored, he (hall he for mitbeha-retumed to the company ftom which he was taken in his Ma- and not Vet. XXV.  I  reftored v«A.

114

5n a month* are to be returned to the corps from whence they were taken, and ferve in the ranks. Serjeantsmade from the militia may be reduced into

The inlifting of a ferjeant, drummer, or fifer, into his Majefty's other forces, declared void.

Number of private men to be raifed in each county*

Anno fecundo Georgii III.  [1761*

jetty’s other forces, and (hall there ferve as a private man; and any perfon who is or fhall be appointed a ferjeant in the militia, out of or from any company of militia, (hall and may be reduced into the ranks for milbehaviour, and fhall ferve in the ranks of fuch company wherein he ferved before fuch appointment, for fuch further time as fhall compleat his three years fervice as a private militia man; and in cafe there be no vacancy in fuch company, he fhall ferve in any other company in the regiment or battalion.

the ranks for misbehaviour.

XL. And be it enacted. That if any feijeant, drummer, or fifer, fhall inlift in any of his Majefty’s other forces, fuch inlifting fhall be, and is hereby declared to be, null and void.

XLI. And be it enadted. That the number of private men to be raifed by virtue of this adt, in that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed (exdufive of the places herein after excepted) fhall be,

For the county of Bedford, four hundred.

For the county of Berks, five hundred and fixty*

For the county of Buds, five hundred and fixty.

For the county of Cambridge, four hundred and eighty.

For the county of Chejler, with the city and county of the city of Chejler, five hundred and fixty.

For the county of Cornwallr, fix hundred and forty.

For the county of Cumberland, three hundred and twenty.

For the county of Derby, five hundred and fixty.

For the county of Devon, with the city and county of the city of Exeter, one thoufand fix hundred.

For the county of Dorfet, with the town and county of the town of Pool, fix hundred and forty.

For the county of Durham, four hundred.

For the county of EJfex, nine hundred and fixty.

For the county of Gloueejler, with the city and county of the city of Gloueejler, and the city and county of the city of Briftol, nine hundred and fixty.

For the county of Hereford, four hundred and eighty.

For the county of Hertford, five hundred and fixty.

For the county of Huntingdon, three hundred and twenty.

For the county of Kent, with the city and county of the city of Canterbury, nine hundred and fixty.

For the county of Lancajler, eight hundred.

For the county of Leicejler, five hundred and fixty.

For the county of Lincoln, with the city and county of the city of Lincoln, one thoufand two hundred.

For the county of Middlefex, cxclufive of the tower divifion, commonly called The Trwer Hamlets, one thoufand fix hundred.

For the county of Monmouth, two hundred and forty.

For the county of Norfolk, with the city and county of the city of Norwich, nine hundred and fixty.

For the county of Northampton, fix hundred and forty.

For the county of Northumberland, with the towa gnu county

  **

61.3  Anno leCuudo Georgii III.  j

the town of Ncwcajllt upon Tyne, and the town of Berwick,

: hundred and fixty.

For the county of Nottingham* with the town and county of \ town of Nottingham* four hundred and eighty.

For the county of Oxford* five hundred and fixty.

For the county of Rutland\ one hundred and twenty.

For the county of Salop* fix hundred and forty. '

For the county of Somerfet* eight hundred and forty.

For the county of Southampton* with the town and county of t town of Southampton* nine hundred and fixty.

For the county of Stafford* with the city and county of the ty of Litchfield* five hundred and fixty.

For the county of Suffolk* nine hunared and fixty.

For the county of Surry, eight hundred.

For the county of Suffex* eight hundred.

For the county of Warwick, with tfie city and county of the Sty of Coventry* fix hundred and forty.

For the county of Weftmoreland* two hundred and forty.

For the county of Worcefier* with the city and county of the :ity of Worcefier* five hundred and fixty.

For the county of Wilts* eight hundred.

For the Weft Riding of the county of Tori* with the city md county of the city of York* one thoufand two hundred md forty :

For the North Riding of the faid county, feven hundred and twenty:

And for the Eaft Riding of the faid county, with the town and county of the town of Kingfion upon Hull* four hundred.

For the county of Anglejea, eighty.

For the county of Brecknock* one hundred and fixty.

For the county of Cardigan, one hundred and twenty.

For. the county of Carmarthen, with the county borough of Carmarthen* two hundred.

For the county of Carnarvon* eighty.

For the county of Denbigh* two hundred and eighty.

For the county of Flint* one hundred and twenty.

For the county of Glamorgan* three hundred and fixty.

For the county of Merioneth, eighty.

For the county of Montgomery* two hundred and forty.

For the county of Pembroke* with the town and county of the Where the town of Haverford Weft* one hundred and fixty.  militia has not

For the county of Radnor* one hundred and twenty.  ^cnerS meet-

XL1I. And be it ena&ed, That in all counties, ridings, and fngistobehdd places, where the militia has not been raifed, his Majefty’slieu- by the lord tenant for every fuch county, riding, and place, together with lieutenant and iny two or more deputy lieutenants, and, on the death or re- *nth^orMe£ moval, or, in the abfence pf his Majefty’s lieutenant, any three tenant’s ab-or more deputy lieutenants, (hall meet at fotne city or principal fence, by 3 de-town of the county, riding, or place, for which they (hall be puties, on the cotnmiflioned, on the fecond Tuefday in May in every year; and ^avln Mav if there lhould happen to be no Yuch meeting on that day, then annc^aiy ;y

J Z  his  and on failure

 ,

ui6

Anno fecundo GeoRgji III.

ItySt.

of meeting, then a meet-is to be

ing i held by fum-mons and advert! fement. At their firft

his Majefty’s laid lieutenant, or, on his death or removal, of in his abfence, any three or more deputy lieutenants, lhall fum-rtlon, or caufe to be fummoned, another meeting to be holden at the fame city or principal town, on a day to be fixed by fuch fummons ; of which day and place notice lhall be given in the

London Gazette* and alfo in any weekly paper ufually circulated

riding, four-

ing, thefubdi- (if fuch  wi*hi"  **  fam'  °r  •  -  .  u-

vihons of the teen days at leaft before the holding of fuch meeting: and his

meetings therein, are to be fettled} and alfo a fe-cond general meeting appointed. Orders to be

deputy lieuts. Majeftv's faid lieutenant, or, on his death or removal, or, in and the times bis ab(ence, any three or more deputy lieutenants, (hall, at their their nxtt* *°r general meeting, appoint fubdivifions of the deputy lieutenants within their refpe&ive counties, ridings, and places, and the times and places for their firft meetings within the faid fubdivifions refpeflivdy; and the time and place for a fecond general meeting; and (hall iffue out their orders to the chief con-ftable, and, where there is no chief conftable, to feme other officer of the feveral hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divifions, within their refpeftive counties, ridings, and theconlbbles P^aces> t0 require* by orders under their hands, the conftable, toretum lifts* tythingman, headborough, or other officer of each parilh, tyth-of all perfons ing, or place, within their refpeftive hundreds, rapes, laths, within their wapentakes, or other divifions, to return to the deputy lieute-riee^the*” nants within their refpe<ftive fubdivifions, at the place and on ages of 13 and day appointed at the faid firft general meeting, fair and true 4j years? lifts, in writing, of the names of Si the men ufually, and, at diftinguifhing that time, dwelling within their refpe&ive parifhes, tythings, their relpec- ancj piaces? between the ages of eighteen and forty five years, tive ran 8 9na diftinguifhing their refpeftive ranks and occupations ; and where the true names of fuch perfons cannot be procured, the common appellation of fuch perfons (hall be fufficient; and which of the perfons fo returned labour under any infirmities, incapacitating them from ferving as militia men; having firft affixed a true copy of fuch lift on the door of the church or chapel belonging to fuch parilh, tything, or place, and if any pface (hall have no church or chapel belonging thereto, on the door of the church or chapel of fome parifh or place thereto adjoining, on with notice of fome Sunday morning before they (hall make fuch return, which the day and Sunday (hall be three days at the leaft before the faid meeting; place of meet- and a|fo notice in writing, at the bottom of fuch lift, of the day

occupations,

Sec.

Copy of the lift to be affixed on the door of the church, on feme Sunday, 3 days before the return is made.

fons^Mrieved an(* P*ace  mect,ng»  and  that all perfons who (hall think

may then ap- themfelves aggrieved, may then appeal, and that no appeal will

peal; alter be afterwards received: and on the day and at the place fo re-which no ap- fpedively appointed as aforefaid, for the returns of the lifts, the received. conftables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers refpec-Conftables to ttvely, (hah attend and verify the faid return upon oath ; and attend the re- the laid deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or a,jd ve- any two deputy lieutenants together with any one juftice of the onotthfamt Pcacc* or “Y onc deputy lieutenant together with any two After the ap- juices of the peace, fo aflembled in their fubdivifions, (hall pealsareheard (after hearing any perfon who (hall think himfelf aggrieved by and fettled, having hk name inferted in fuch lifts, or by any others being

omitted)

>61  Anno  fecundo  Georgh III.  117

lifted) dined fuch lifts to be amended as the cafe (hall require, and perfona £ alio the names of all perfons by this ad refpedively ex- c,xceR!Le* ^tcd, to be (truck out of the faid lifts, and (hall ap point the out/the deputes and places for their fecond meetings within their refpec- ty lieutenants e fubdivifions, and (hall return to the iecond general meeting are to direft the lifts for the feveral parifhes, tythings, and places, (o thc be. oended: at which faid fecond general meeting his Majefty’s  t^n

rutenant together with any two or more deputy lieutenants, times and id on the death or removal, or in the abfence, of his Ma- places for fty’s lieutenant, any three or more deputy lieutenants, (hall^JJad**ub-itter copies to be made of all the faid lifts, and fuch copies to fn^fand k> e returned to the deputy lieutenants at their fecond meetings turn the a-rithin their fubdivifions, wherein the parifhes, tythings, and mended lifts daces, for which fuch lifts are made and returned, are refpec- to the §e-Svely fituate j and (hall appoint what number of men in each atCwhichCcoP refpeftive hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or other divifion, (hall pies 0f the lifts fer?e in the faid militia, towards raifing the number of militia are to be mads jnen by this ad direded to be raifed for fuch refpedive county, out» be rending, or place, in proportion to the whole number contained  *

in fuch lifts : and the laid deputy lieutenants, or any three or tenants, more of them, or any two deputy lieutenants together with any at their ad one julbce of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant together fubdivifion with any two juftices of the peace, affembled at their faid fecond  sn5um.

meetings within the faid fubdivifions, (hall appoint what num- fccr of men ber of men (hall ferve for each pariih, tything, and place, or which (hall parilhes, tythings, and places, in proportion to the number ap- fcrve outo f pointed at the fecond general meeting to ferve for each hundred, hundreds &c rape, lath, wapentake, or other divifion; and, if a proper num- ^to be then' bar of officers be then appointed, (hall appoint another meeting appointed, to be held within three weeks in the fame fubdivifion, and (hall iiliie out an order to the chief conftable, or other officer of the Deputy lieuti. refpedive hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divifions, requiring them to give notice to the conftable, tythingman, veerings0,are hcadborough, or other officer of each pari(h, tything, or place, to appoint the or parifhes, tythings, or places, within their refpedive hundreds, number of rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divifions, of the number of "ien ^ men fo appointed to ferve for fuch refpedive parifh, tything, or place, or parifhes, tythings, or places, and of the time and proportion to place of the next fubdivifion meeting; and the faid deputy the number lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or any two deputy appointed for lieutenants together with any one juftice of the peace, or any lun rc 9 one deputy lieutenant together with any two juftices of the and if a propeace, affembled in purfuance of fuch appointment, (hall caufe per number of the number of men appointed to ferve as aforefaid, except as °^ccrs be herein after excepted, to be chofen by lot o\it of the lift or lifts cd^another1^" returned for fuch pariffi, tything, or place, or parilhes, tythings, meeting is to or places j and (hall appoint another meeting to be held within beheld within

three weeks in the fame fubdivifion; and (hall iffue out an or- 3 weeks; and

i _  orders mued,

* 3  °cr  for notice to

be pnn to the conftables of the number of men appointed to ferve, and of the time and place of the next fubdivifion meeting; at which the men are to bechofen by lot out of the lifts } and another meeting is to be appointed,

nS

Anno fecundo GEORGII lit.  [r

and orders jflued for giving timely notice to the perfons chof-en, then to appear; and the con-ftables are to attend to a-vouch the notices;

■and the men to take,the oath foliow-

der to the chief conftable, or other officers of the refpe hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divifions, to d the conftable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer of parilh, tything, or place, to give notice to every man fo chofc ferve in the militia, to appear at fuch meeting; which n< (hall be given or left at his place of abode, at lead {even < before fuch meeting; and fuch conftable, tythingman, hi borough, or other officer, (hall attend fuch meeting, and it a return upon oath of the days when fuch notice was ferv and every perfon fo chofen by lot (hall, upon fuch notice, pear at fuch meeting, and there take the following oath ; I is to fay.

T A. B. do fmcerely promife and /wear, That I will be faithful JL bear true allegiance to his Majcjly King George, his heirs, fuccejfors: and I do J'wear that lam a proteftanty and that I: faithfully ferve in the militia within the kingdom of Great Brita for the defence of the fame, during the time for which I am inroll unlefs 1 Jhall be fooner difeharged.

roUedVor *”* (Which oath any one deputy lieutenant is hereby authorized years, 3 adminifter) and (hall be inrolled to ferve in the militia of fui or provide fit refpe&ive county, riding, or place, as a private militia man, t fhbftitutcs, the fpace of three years, in a roll to be then and there prepan thefdd oafh C that PurP°^e > or provide a fit perfon, to be appro* and fign their hy the kid deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of then confent to or by any two deputy lieutenants together with any one juftk ferve for the of the peace, or by any one deputy lieutenant together wit Thofe who re- any tWo juftiecs of the peace, then met, to ferve as his fubfti fufe to attend tute* which fubftitute fo provided'and approved, (hall take th and be inroll- faid oath, and fign on the faid roll his confent to ferve as hi ed, or to pro- fubftitute during the faid term : and if any perfon fo chofen b

tutes^not be* *ot t0 ^erve *n  (not being one of the people callet

ing q\,akers,* Shakers) (hall refufe or negleft to appear and take the (aid oath forfeit io I. * and ferve in the militia, or to provide a fubftitute to be ap* and at the end proved as aforefaid, who (hall take the faid oath, and fign hi: ?fbl}T f arC con|rent to ferve as his fubftitute, every fuch perfon fo refufine again, o/pro- or neglc<^ing (hall forfeit and pay the lum of ten pounds, and vide a fubfti- at the expiration of three years be liable to ferve again, or pro-tute.  vide a fubftitute.

Specification XLIII. And be it enatfed, That no peer of this realm, nor of perfons ex- any pCrfo:1 who lhall ferve as a commiffion officer in any reei-fcT^ce^n the ment> trooP> or company, in his Majefty’s other forces, or in xnifitiaby XC anY one his Majefty*s caftles or forts; nor any non-com-themfelves or million officer or private man ferving in any of his Majefty’s fubftitutes. other forces ; nor any commiffion officer ferving, or who has ferved, four years in the militia; nor any perfon being a member of either of the universities ; nor any clergyman ; nor any/icen/-ed teacher of any feparate Congregation; nor any conftable, or Other fuch peace officer; nor any articled clerk, apprennee, feaman, or feafarirrg man ; nor any perfon muftered, trained, and doing duty, in any of his Majefty’s docks, for the fenfire

thereof;

Anno fecundo Georgii TIL

119

thereof 5 nor any perfon being free of the company of watermen ff the river Thames; nor any poor man who has three children bom in wedlock; (hall be compelled to ferve perfonally, or irovide a. fubftitute to ferve in the militia.

XLIV. And be it ena&ed, That it may and (hall be lawful The lifts for or any three or more deputy lieutenants, or any two deputy *.or mOTC Pa-ieutenants together with any one juftice of the peace, or any Poe deputy lieutenant together with any two juftices of the deputy lieu-peace* within their refpe&ive fubdivifions, to add together, tenants, and whenioever they (hall think neceflary, the lifts for two or more proceeded parifhes, tythings, or places, and proceed upon fuch lifts, added together, in like manner as if they had been originally returned turned ior* " for one parifti, tything, or place, fo as to make the choice of one parilh. militia men by lot, within fuch fubdivifion, as equal and impartial as poflible.

XLV. And be it enabled. That if the churchwardens or Churchwar-overfers, or churchwarden or overfeer, of any parifti, tything, dens, &c.with or place, or of two or more parilhes, tythings, or places, fo co*jfent of the added together as aforefaid, (hall, with the confent of the inha- p^^de^nd bitants of the parifti or parifhes, townfhip or townftiips, hamlet tender volun-or place, taken at a veftry, or at any other meeting for fuch pa- tiers ; xxfhj townfhip, hamlet, or place, to he holden for that purpofe, provide and produce to the faid deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or to any two deputy lieu tenants together with any one juftice of the peace, or to any one deputy lieutenant together with any two juftices of the peace, at their meetings within their refpedlive fubdivifions for choofing the militia

men

by lot, any voluntier or voluntiers, and fuch voluntier or volun- fuch of tiers (hall be approved by the faid deputy lieutenants and juftices be^roved, fo met as aforefaid, they, or fuch of them as (hall be approved, flnirbe then fhall be then and there fworn in and inrolled •, and the faid de- fworn in, and puty lieutenants and juftices, within their refpe&ive fubdivifions,  5

fhafl caufe only fuch a number of perfons to be chofen by lot ^fi^only out of the lift or lifts returned for fuch parifti, tything, or place, /hail bechoien or parilhes, tythings, or places, as aforefaid, as (hall be then out of the wanted to make up the whole number to ferve for fuch parifti, tything, or place, or parifhes, tythings, or places, as aforefaid : to^ompleat and if fuch churchwarden or overfeer, or churchwardens or the number overfeers, (hall give to fuch voluntier or voluntiers any fum or to ferve for fums of money to ferve in the militia for fuch parifh, tything, fuch Par1^* or place, or parifhes, tythings, or places, it may and (nail be lawful for fuch churchwarden or overfeer, or churchwardens or Money paid overfeers, to make a rate upon the inhabitants of fuch parifti, to voluntiers tithing, or place, or parifhes, tythings, or places, by the rate Jor ferring, to they now ufe in making the rates for the relief of the poor; the^hurclw which rate he mg approved by two juftices of the peace, it may wardens by* and (hall he lawful for fuch churchwarden or overfeer, or church- parochial wardens or overfeers, to colletft fuch rate, and reimburfe them- »'a*c J felves fuch fum and fums of money as they fhall have paid with the confent of the inhabitants of fuch parifti or parifties, townships or places, affembled as aforefaid, to Tuch voluntier or

I 4  voluntiers

120

Overplus of the rate to he applied to the ' poors rate. The (aid rate may be levied by diftrefs and (ale; but balloted perfons who have ferv-«d, or (hall be ferving, by themlelves or by fubftitutes, ire exempted from paying thereto.

Perfons aggrieved by luch rates may appeal.

The churchwardens are to pay within a month to the ©erfons who fhall bechofen by lot and in-rolled, or (hall provide fit jiibftitutcSp (if the regiment be then embodied) filch fum not exceeding 51, as (hall be adjudged one half of the current price paid foravolurrtierj fhe money to be paid out of fhevoluntier rate, or a pate made for that purpofe.

If the perfon chofen by lot and inrolled, fhall be difap-proved of, and difcharged within the month, the money (hall not be paid to him, but to the next perfon phofen in his ficad; and th$ frme rule is to

•  *  1

Anno fecundo Georgii III,  [i  j6

voluntiers as aforefaid; and the overplus, if any, fhall be a plied as part of the poors rate : and if any perfon {hall reft to pay the fyni pf money he fhall be fo rated, it may and (hi be lawful for any one juftice of the peace, upon complah thereof made by fuch churchwarden or overfeer, or churd wardens or overfeers, by warrant under his hand and feal, | levy the fame by diftrefs and fale of the offender's goods an chattels, rendering the overplus, if any, after the faid rate, an the charges of fuch diftrefs and fale, (nail be paid ; but no ball Joted perfon who fhall have ferved himfelf, or by fubftitute three years, or who (hall be then ferving himfelf, or by fubdi-tute, in the militia, fhall be liable to pay to fuch rates.

XLVI. Provided always, That it fhall be lawful for any perfon who fhall think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by any fiicoj rate as aforefaid, to appeal to the next general quarter feffions, in like manner as is provided in the cafe of appeals againft rates for the relief of the poor.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it cnadled by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any perfon fhall be chofcn by lot to ferve in the militia for any parifn, tything, or place, or parifhes, tyth-ings, or places, and fuch perfon fhall be fwom and inrolled, or fhall provide a fit perfon to ferve as his fubftitute who fhall be fwom and inrolled, the churchwarden or overfeer, or churchwardens or overfeers, of fuch pari(h, tything, or place, or parifhes, tythings, or places, fhall, within one month after the time of fuch fwearing or inrolling of the man fo chofen by lot, or of the fubftitute refpe&ively, pay to every fuch perion fo chofen by lot, if the regiment or battalion in which he, or his fubftitute, fhall ferve, fhall be then embodied, any fuch fum of money not exceeding five pounds, as three deputy lieutenants, or two deputy lieutenants apd one juftice, or one deputy lieutenant and two juftices, in whofe prefence fuch perfon (hall be chofen by lot, fhall adjudge to be, as near as may be, one half of the current price then paid for a voluntier in the county ov riding where fuch perfon fhall be fo chofen by lot; which laid fum of money (hall be taken out of the rate to be made as aforefaid for providing and producing voluntiers; or, in cafe no vo-Juntiers fhall be provided or produced by the churchwardens or overfeers, or churchwarden or overfeer, of any parifh, tything, or place, or parifhes, tythings, or places, then out of a rate to be jmde by the rule aforefaid.

XLV1II. Provided neverthelefs, That if fuph man fo chofen by lot, and ferving for himfelf, fhall within one month after his inrolment, be difapproved of and difehargedby the officer commanding the regiment or battalion, no fuch fum fhall be to the perfon fo chofen by lot, hut fhall be paid, in manner abovefaid, to the next perfon chofen by lot in his ftead; and if the fubftitute be fhall have found be difapproved in manner abovefaid, then no fuch fum to be paid to the man fo chofen bv lot, jn manner abovefaid, unlefs he fhall ferve himfelf, or fhall find another fubftitute.

be obferved in the cafe of fubftitute* 5—5

KLIX. Pro-

1761.]  Anno iecundo Georgii III.  121

XLIX. Provided always. That no perfon fo chofen by lot ?n<1 »° as aforefaid, (hall be intituled to one half of the faid current price  head

of a voluntier, without the order of the perfons aforefaid, but by an or-before whom the faid perfon chofen by lot, expreffed under der of tbedep. their hands.  lieutenants

the perfons were chofen.  ,  beforc whom

L. And be it enabled. That if any fervant hired by the year. Hired fervant* or otherwife, (hall ferve in the militia, it (hall and may be law- ferving in the ful for one juftice of the peace, upon complaint made to him ra,,,t.ia* .uP°n on oath by fuch fervant, to order fo much df his wages, as (hall aPjuftice!°fllaU appear to fuch juftice to be due to fuch fervant, to be imme- recover the diately paid him by his mafter or employer, in proportion to wages then the fervice he has performed, under the contra# or agreement y uS t0 thcm* made between them at the time fuch fervant was hired ; and ceedCthere?n°* the faid juftice (hall proceed therein in the fame manner as is as directed by dire#ed by an a# parted in the twentieth year of the reign of his *0 Geo. IL late Majefty, intituled. An aft for the better adjujiing and more easy recovery of the wages of certain Jervant s ; and for the better regulation of fuch fervantS) and of certain apprentices.

LI. Provided always, and it is hereby ena#ed, That from None but and after the paffing this a#, it (hall not be lawful for any churchwar-perfon or perfons whatfoever (other than fuch diurchwardens ^|^^a ovcr' and overfeers as aforefaid, for the purpofes aforefaid) to contra#, make any pe-undertake, or agree with any perfon or perfons, for any fum or cuniary con-fums of money, or any other confideration or reward, to indem-  in\

nify or infure any perfon or perfons liable to ferve in the militia, againft ferving therein, or in like manner to contra#, undertake, from Irving or agree, to provide a fubftitute or fubftitutes for any perfon or in the tnilitia, perfons who may be chofen by lot to ferve in the militia, or to pay or to provide the penalty of ten pounds by this a# laid upon any perfon chofen “L th^ioi °ia by lot to (erve in the militia, and who (hall refufe or negle# to bcu thereof * appear, and take the oath, and ferve in the militia, or to pro- on penalty of vide a fubftitute; and if any perfon (hall offend herein, every forfeiting fuch perfon (hall, for every fuch contra#, undertaking, or o^e moiety agreement, forfeit and pay tne fum of one hundred pounds, to thereof togo be recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts of record, by a#ion to the proie-of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no efloin, pro- cutor, and the te#ion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be ™7o*°the allowed ; one moiety of which penalty fhall be applied to the parifli,andthe ufe of the profecutor, and the other moiety to the ufe of the contra# to be poor of the parifh wherein the offence (hall be committed ; and void, every fuch contra#, undertaking, or agreement, is hereby declared to be abfolutely null and void, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

LII. Provided, That nothing herein before contained, (hall extend to prevent any perfon who fhall have been a#ually chofen by lot to ferve in the militia, from procuring, by him-felf or others, a proper perfon to ferve as his fubftitute.

LIII. Provided alfo. That nothing in this a# (hall extend to prevent perfons of the fame parilh, townlhip, tything, or place, or of two or more parifhes, fytbings, or places, added, OX which may be added together, for the purpofes of this a#,

. from

Tlie above claufe not to prevent per-lons choten by lot from procuring i'ublii-tutes for themlelves; nor pcrlons of the fame, or

jogle

122  Anno fecundo Georgii III.  [176r.

neighbouring from entering into fubferiptions amongft themfelves, for pay-?uWcribing°m *n5 jointly for any.fubftitute or fubftitutes who maybe provided towards pay- for any one or more of the fubfcribing perfons, on whom the ing jointly tor lot may fall.

fubltitutes, in the room of fuch of them as (hall be chofen by lot.

Hired voluntier or fublti-tute inlifting in the array, fuch infilling is declared , void, unlefs

of the pariffi, which is to be laid out by them in providing ano-

LIV. And be it enabled, That if any perfon fwomand in-rolled to ferve in the militia as voluntier or fubftitute, (hall have received any fum of money from any perfon whatfoever for fuch fervice, and (hall be inlifted to ferve in his Majefty’s other forces, fuch inlifting (hail be, and the fame is hereby declared to be, null and void, until the faid militia man, or murne^to** °®cer with whom he (hall inlift, (hall have paid to the the over leers overfeer or overfeers of the parifh or place, parifhes or places, for which the faid militia man ferved, the full fum he received for fuch his fervice ; which fum (hall be laid out by fuch over-feeror overfeers, in or towards the providing another fit perfon to ferve in the militia, for the fpace of three years, in the place therfuperfon; of the militia man fo inlifted into his Majefty’s other forces: and it the fum and in cafe the money fo received (hall not be fufficient to pro-the n«?to be v^e anot^er Per^on to ferve as aforefaid, fuch overfeer or Tefmburfed C overfeers (hall be reimburfed fuch further fum of money as the additional he (hall pay for providing fuch other fit perfon, in the lame cxpencc by manner as is directed by this a6t upon the providing of volun-and^account **ers * anc* *n ca^c moncY received lhall exceed the fum forthefurplus; expended in providing fuch fit perfon as aforefaid, the furplus and luch hir-’ (hall be accounted for by fuch overfeer or overfeers, as fo much cd voluntier money in his or their hands for the purpofes of providing vo-ff^UnfltUte luntiers for fuch parifti or pariflies, place or places: and in not^nforming c*fe ^ch m,htia man (hall not, at the time of his inlifting, the officer of5 inform the officer with whom h$ inlifts, that he is a militia man, and for what parifti, tything, or place, or pariflies, tythings, or places, he ferves, and (hall be thereof convicted upon oath, before any one juftice of the peace, it may and (hall be lawful for fuch juftice, and he is hereby required, by warrant under his hand and feal, to commit fuch militia man to the houfe of correction for anytime not exceeding three months.

LV. And be it enaCted, That if any ferjeant, drummer, or fifer, ferving in the militia, (hall, in any city, town, or fiferTbeating P^ace? ^eat UP for voluntiers to ferve in the militia, the perfon upforvolun? who (hall give fuch ferjeant, drummer, or fifer, orders for fo doing, lhall upon proof of fuch beating up and fuch orders' given, upon oath, before any jpftice of the peace, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds; one moiety whereof (hall be applied to the ufe of the perfon who (hall make information thereof before any juftice of the peace of fuch beating up for voluntiers, and the other moiety lhall be applied as part of the ftock belonging to the regiment or battalion to which fuch ferjeant, drummer, or fifer (hall belong : and if fuch ferjeant, drummer, or fifer, (hall refufe to declare, upon oath, before fuch juftice, from whom he received fuch orders, it may and fe^nt^&c^not be lawful for fuch juftice, and he is hereby required, by 1 ’■  ,0  warrant

cprs, is to he committed to the houfe of correction not exceeding 3 uunths*

VjOO^LC

his being in the militia, is to be committed to the houfe of correction hot exceeding 3 months.

Serjeant, drummer, or

tiers tor the militia, the perfon who gave the orders forfeits 20 1.

One moiety to the informer, and the Other to the regimental ftock; and the fer-

l eclaring wh^

^av. fuch o:c

jj6i.] Anno fecundo Georgii lit.  v*$

warrant under his hand and feal, to commit fuch fetjeant, drummer, or fifer, to the houfe of correction, for any time not exceeding three months.

LVI. And be it further enaCted and declared, That no officer Whilethemi-or non-commiffion officer in the militia (hall, during the time haai«outof the regiment, battalion, or independent company, in which he coun^y^no ferves, {hall be out of the county, riding, or place, to which perfon maybe they belong, engage any perfon to fcrve as a militia man in engaged to fuch regiment, battalion, or independent company, unlefs fcfve. dierein, fuch perfon fo engaged (hall be a native of the county to J^coumVto which the faid regiment, battalion, or independent company which fuch belongs.  regiment be-

LVII. And be it enaCled, That in the feveral counties, ridings, lonSs-and places, where the militia has been or (hall be raifed, his A general Majefty’s lieutenant of every fuch county, riding, and place, together with any two or more deputy lieutenants, and on the an(j deputies, death or removal, or in the abfence, of his Majefty’s lieute- to be held au-nant, any three or more deputy lieutenants, (hall meet an-dually on the nually on the laft Tuefday in May, or on the laft Tuefday in YnMa^or October, as they (hall think moft convenient for the due exe- Qctg£r* ^ cution of this aeft ; and (hall appoint the times and places for *hali be judged holding four or more fubdivifion meetings of deputy lieutenants moftconve-and juftices of the peace in every year j and (hall caufe new ni*jl*h5c ti lifts in the feveral parifhes, tythings, and places, to be made ^^Lesto and returned to the deputy lieutenants and juftices of the peace be then ap* at the firft of the faid fubdivifion meetings, in the fame manner pointed for as lifts are herein before directed to be made and returned in bolding 4 or counties, ridings, and places, where the militia has not been raifed. ^o^meetin^" and for the returns of new lifts to the firft of thofe meetings.  *

LVIII. And be it enadted, That if the lift of any parifh, Where any tything, or place, (hall be loft or deftroyed, it may and (hall Idtftiall be UA be lawful for any three deputy lieutenants, or any two deputy ^cp°ficU-lieutenants together with any onejuftice of the peace, or any one tenants are to deputy lieutenant together with any two juftices of the peace, order new in their fubdivifions, to caufe a new lift in fuch parifh, tything, ones to be or place, to be made, and returned to them at their next fub- J^nedtothe' divifion meeting, in the fame manner as the lift loft or deftroyed next /ubdivf.1* was caufed to be made and returned to them by direction of lion meeting, the general meeting of lieutenants and deputy lieutenants.

LiX. And be it en2<fted. That the faid deputy lieutenants, Jieute-or any three or more of them, or any two deputy lieutenants to- nants are to gether with any onejuftice of the peace, or any one deputy lieute- bold their fub-r nant together with any two juftices of the peace, (hall meet in their fhvifion meet-feveral fubdivifions at the times appointed at the general meet- to^thf^p-*11 ings of his Majefty’s lieutenant and deputy lieutenants : And poinrment nt if any private militia man (hall (hew juft caufe for his difeharge, the general ^nd, being embodied, (hall likewifoproduce a regular difeharge from his commanding officer, the faid deputy lieutenants, or man^ppear-any three or more of them, or any two deputy lieutenants jng thereat,

to- and (hewing

caufe for his difeharge, and producing, if embodied, a  from  Id* commanding officer,----------------------------------------------------

124

they are to

Anno fecundo Georcii III. [1761

together with any one juftice of the peace, or any one deputy

^k^gebjm, lieutenant together with any two juftices of the peace, (hall and vacanciegoc- ma)> at fubdivifion meetings, difeharge fuch perfon from cafionedthere- ferving in the militia; and in the (lead of the perfons fo dif-by, or other- charged, and alfo if there (hould be any other vacancy by death . or otherwife, fuch deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of amended* tne ^em, or any two deputy lieutenants together with any one Ms,  juftice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant together

by proceeding with any two juftices of the peace, (hall, after having amended to draw the the lifts in the fame manner as the deputy lieutenants and unfefs the juftices, in their fubdivifions, are to amend the lifts in the number want* feveral counties where the militia has not been raifed, caufe a ed (hall be like number of other perfons to be chofen by lot out of the °pr<>~  fuc^ Par*^ies> tythings, or places, where fuch vacancies

and the per-  ^aPPen» unlefe fuch number of perfons (hall be otherwife

ions l’o chofen provided as is by this ad direded j which perfons fo chofen, or their fub- or their fubftitutes provided and approved as aforefaid, (hall ftitutes are to take the oath required by this ad to be taken : and every perfon **  *or fo chofen (hall be inrolled, and every fubftitute fo provided

3 years. fhall fubferibe his confent to ferve, and (hall ferve in the faid militia for the fpace of three years, fubjed to the directions, provifions, and penalties in this ad contained.

LX. Provided neverthelefs. That it (hall and may be lawful for any three deputy lieutenants, or any two deputy lieutenants together with any one juftice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant together with any two juftices of the peace, upon any vacancy or vacancies in the militia, by death or otherwife, to appoint a fubdivifion meeting for the filling up fuch vacancy or vacancies, giving feven days notice thereof.

LXI. And be it enaded, That when any fubftitute (hall, after having been approved by any three deputy lieutenants, or by any two deputy lieutenants together with any one juftice of

A fubdivifion meeting may be held on 7 days notice, for filling up vacancies by death, or otherwife.

the peace, or by any one deputy lieutenant together with any two juftices of the

Vacancies oc-cafioned by the death, promotion to

a halberd, or . f  0  ,

difeharge of a two juftices of the peace, and before the expiration of the term £ubK ^f°r which he was to ferve, die, or be appointed a ferjeant in as inhales of** thc militia, or be legally difeharged, the perfon for whom he death, or dif- ferved as fubftitute (hall not be obliged to ferve himfelf, or to find charge of per- another fubftitute ; but fuch vacancy (hall be filled up in like fons: serving manner as is directed by this ad, in cafe of vacancies occafioned ortbemfelves. * thc fath or difeharge of perfons ferving for themfelves. be fwomCin*ay ^XII. And be it enabled, That for the purpofe of (wearing and inrolling men to ferve in the militia, it (hall and may be lawful for any one deputy lieutenant, at any place in the fubdivifion he ufually ads in, to fwear and inrol any fubftitute to ferve for any place in fuch his fubdivifion 5 provided fuch fubftitute oiTproducing Aiall produce to fuch deputy lieutenant a certificate under the a certificate of hands and feals of any two other deputy lieutenants, or of any his having one juftice of the peace together with any one deputy lieutenant, '>CCn *ved of or 0*my twoju^*ces the peace ading in the fame fubdivifion, by^dcp Ueu- or redding near the fame, certifying they have feen, and do tenants, &c. approve of? fuch fubftitute as a proper perfon tq ferve ip tho

militia.

and inrolled before a dep, lieutenant in his iubdi-vifion.

1761.I Anno fecundo Georgii III.'  125

and fuch perfon (hall and may be fwom and inrolled and the clerk by fuch deputy lieutenant only: Provided neverthelefs, That °Jthefubdi-Ihe clerk belonging to fuch fubdivifion lhall and do attend with attendingCwitf the roll at fuch fwearingand inrolling.  the roll at

LXIII. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That if the time, kny militia mm (hall, auring the time that the regiment or Militia man battalion in which he ferves (hall be embodied, be difeharged embodied,and by the officer commanding fuch regiment or battalion, fuch char^ed difcharge (hall be fufficient to prevent fuch man from being in^oflkerT1 * liable to be apprehended as a deferter, but (hall not extend to is not liable to caufe another man to be chofen to ferve for the parifh, tything, beappreheud-or place, or parifhes, tythinjgs, or places, for which fuch man lo ** ade~ discharged did ferve, unlels he be likewife regularly difeharged  an-

by the deputy lieutenant or deputy lieutenants and juftices of the other be peace as aforefaid.  chofen in hi*

room, unlefs he be difeharged alfo by the dep. lieuts.

LXIV. And be it further enabled, That all fuch militiamen

whofe time of fervice in the militia (hall be near expiring, du- ^V^time”* ring the time the regiment, battalion, or independent company, of fervice in which they ferved, (hall be abfertt from rhe county, riding, or (ball be near

are

place, to which they belong, (hall be returned by the command- expiring, mg officer of fuch regiment, battalion, or independent compa- ^^Seir" ny, to the county, riding, or place, for which they ferved, fo as propercounty, that they may reach the faid county by the expiration of their term, fo a* they may /each the lame by the expiration of their term.

LXV. And be it further enadted, That it (hall and may be Subdivifion lawful for his Majefty’s lieutenant together with any two or meetings may more deputy lieutenants, and on the death or removal, or, in he altered at a the abfence of his Majefty’s lieutenant, for any three or more deputy lieutenants, at a general meeting to be held after reafon- ter reasonable able notice thereof given, to change or alter any fubdivifion meet- notice * ing or meetings, whenever they (nail find it convenient fo to do. hut the fub-

LXVI. And be it further enadted, That, in order to fave the trouble of appointing fubdivifion meetings every year in the fe- appoint*! are veral counties, ridings, and places aforefaid, the feveral fubdi- to remain un-vifion meetings therein now appointed, (hall remain and con- til they (hall tinue until the fame (hall be altered by his Majefty’s lieutenant together with any two or more deputy lieutenants, or, on the titered. ^ death or removal, or, in the abfence of his Majefty’s lieutenant, by any three or more deputy lieutenants, at fome general meeting.

LX VII. And be it enadted, That every militia man (hall, if Removal of a he changes the place of his abode from one parifh, tything, or Pnvateman place, to another parifh, tything, or place, the militia whereof rarUh^c!* (hall ferve in the lame regiment or battalion, fuch militia man the militia (hall continue to ferve in fuch regiment or battalion for the whereof fenrea place from whence he removed, and (hall not occafion a va- f.he ^amc cancy, for fuch parifh, tything, or place, but lhall be trained, d^snoTalter exercifed, and paid, by the officer of the company to which his fervice, the militia of fuch parifh, tything, or place, to wnich he re-nor occafion a qtOYcd (hall belong ; and that every militia man, who (hall vacancymhu

changetormcrpaxm*

126

but if the removal be into another county, See. the militia whereof ferves in different reginfents, he (hall ferve his time out in the regiment of that place, upon the firft vacancy $ and he is to give previous notioe of his removal to the D. lieutenants, and receive a certificate of his fervice; and if given by i D. iieut. is to be certified to the next fubdivi-fion meeting; and the certificate itfelf to be produced at the fubdi-yifion meeting for the place to which he (hall remove.

On negl eft of giving fuch notice, and producing certificate, he forfeits 10s. to be levied by diltrefs and Clerk of the fubdiviiion meeting is to give notice of iuch militia man's change of abode,

Sec. to the clerk

No fubfti-tute is to be cxcufed from ferving

Copies of the rolls figned at the iubdivifion

Anno fecundo Georgii III. [1761-

change the place of his abode from one county to another county, or from one parifh, tything, or place, to another parifh9 tything, or place, the militia whereof fhall ferve in different regiments or battalions, fuch perfon fhall ferve, upon the firft vacancy that fhall happen, in fuch regiment or battalion, until his fervice fhall be compleated : and every fuch militia man fhall, before he changes the place of his abode, give notice thereof to any three or more deputy lieutenants, or to any two deputy lieutenants together with any one juftice of the peace, or to any one deputy lieutenant together with any two justices of the peace, 2% fome fubdivifion meeting, or to one deputy lieutenant, who fhall give to fuch militia man a certificate of the time he fhall have ferved in the militia for the refpeCtive parifh, tything, or place, from his inrolment to ferve in the fame; and if fuch certificate fhall have been given by one deputy lieutenant only, fuch deputy lieutenant mail certify the fame to the deputy lieutenants and juftices of the peace at their next meeting within fuch fubdiviiion, and fuch militia man fhall produce the faid certificate to the deputy lieutenants and juftices at the next meeting for the fubdivifion wherein he fhall then dwell, or to one deputy lieutenant reftding near the parifh, tything, or place, to whicn lie fhall remove, who fhall certify the fame to the deputy lieutenants and juftices of the peace, at their next fubdivifion meeting: and if any militia man fo changing the place of his abode fhall not give notice, and produce his certificate as aforefaid, fuch militia man fo negleChng, and thereof cpnviCted on oath before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings; and if fuch offender (hail not immediately pay fuch penalty, the fame (hall be levied by diftrefs and fale of his goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and fell, or hands and feals, of fuch juftice or juftices, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand, after deducing the charges of fuch diftrefs and fale, to fuch offender upon whom fuch diftrefs lhall have been made, as aforefaid; and for want of fufficient diftrefs, fuch juftice or juftices (hall commit fuch offender to the houfe of correction for any time not exceeding one month.

(ale; and for want of diftrefs, he is to be committed not exceeding i month.

LXVIII. And be it enaCted, That the clerk to the fubdivifion meeting (hall, upon notice given by any militia man of the changing of his place of abode, and of a certificate granted him as aforefaid, forthwith give notice thereof to the clerk of the meeting for the fubdivifion to which the parilh, tything, or place, where he thenrefides (hall belong, for the divifion to which he (hall remove.

LX1X. Provided always, That no militia man having ferv-ed as a fubftitute, (hall, by fuch fervice, be excufed from fciving for himfelf when he (hall be chofen by lot. for himfelf when cholen.

LXX. And be it enafted. That the clerks of the fubdivifion meetings fhall, within fourteen days after each fubdivifion

CjOOQle

1761.3

Anno fecundo Georgii III.

127

lion meeting, tranlinit to his Majefty’s lieutenant of the county, meetings to be riding, or place, fair and true copies of the rolls figned at the

vvt^ j .  ~  „  .r  ,  . c A . tenant in 14

JLXAI. And be it enacted. That if any chief conftable or days alter

other officer of any hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or other each meeting.

divifion, or any conftable, tythingman, headborough, or other Conftables or

officer of any parilh, tything, or place, (hallrefufe or neglect to other officers

return fuch lifts, from time to time, in manner aforefaid, pr tp J^^the

comply with fuch orders and directions as he (hall, from tkn$ to [jft^or corn-

time, receive from his Majefty’s lieutenant, and the (aid deputy ply with

lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or any two deputy their orders,

lieutenants together with anyone juftice of the peace, or any or *?cinS .

one deputy lieutenant together with any two juftices of the or pa^ialty'in

peace, in purfuance of this a<ft, or (hall, in making fuch return, their returns,

be guilty of any fraud or wilful partiality * any three or more de- to be impri-

puty lieutenants, or any two deputy lieutenants together with fo”ed for out

any one juftice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant to- mont J

gether with any two juftices of the peace, are hereby impowered

and required to imprifon, in the common gaol of the refpe&ive

county, riding, or place, fuch chief conftable or other officer of

any hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or other diviiion, or fuch

conftable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer of any pa-

rift), tything, or place, there to be kept, without bail or main-

prize, for the fpace of one month, or, at their difcretion, to fine 0r fined not

fuch officer in any fum not exceeding five pounds, nor under exceeding 5L

forty (hillings; fuch fine to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the ^ lcrSuY,^,t

offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and

fcals of any three or more deputy lieutenants, or of any two de- itrels and (ale.

puty lieutenants together with any one juftice of the peace, or

of any one deputy lieutenant together with any two juftices of

the peace; rendering the overplus (if any) on demand, after

dedu&ing the charges of fuch diftrefs and fale, to fuch officer

upon whom fuch diftrefs (hall have been made as aforefaid: and Dep. lieute-

it may and (hall be lawful for the deputy lieutenants, or any nants may if-

three or more of them, or any two deputy lieutenants together fof thfir or-

with anyone juftice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant ^ndingthe

together with any two juftices of the peace, within their refpec- occafional at-

tive fubdivifions, from time to time, to ifliie out their order or tendance of

warrant, under their hands and feals, commanding the attend- the conftable*

anceof the conftable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer riflToffice^*

of any parifti, tything, or place, within their feveral fubdivifions, ancj on hi*

at fuch times and places as in fuch order, or warrant (hall be ex- difobeying

prefled; and if luch conftable, tythingman, headborough, or fuch order,

other officer, (hall refufe or negleft to appear according to fuch  him.

order or warrant, fuch conftable, tythingman, headborough, or p

other officer, (hall fuffer the pains and penalties aforefaid.

LXXII. And be it ena&ed. That any perfon who (hall, by Perfonf tam-gratuity, gift, or reward, or by promife thereof, or of any in-demnincation, or by menaces, endeavour to prevail on any to mdke felfe chief conftable, or any conftable, tythingman, headborough, or returns, or to other officer* of any parilh, tything, or place* to make a faJfe re- crafe, the

turn

Anno iecundo Georgii III.

b

name of any perfon out of the lifts, forfeit 50I. to the profe-

cutorj and perfons refilling to declare their own names, or thofe of their lodgers, &c.forieit iol.

Dep. lieute-nants being informed of, or fufpe&ing, the fraudulent binding-out of perfon* returned in the lift as apprentices,in order to avoid ferving, may fummon and examine witneftes upon oath touching the fame; and if any fraud (hall

appear, they are to appoint i'uch perfon to lerve immediately, or upon the firft vacancy that (ball happen j

and themafter to whom fuch per Ion was io bound (hall forfeit iol. to be levied by diftref* and fale:

One moiety thereof to go to the informer, if any.

Ld. lieutenant is to tranfmit, from

turn of any lift for any parifh, tything, or place, ortocrafe leave out of any fiich lift the name of any fuch perfon as oiqgJ to be returned, every fuch perfon (hall, for every fuch offerees forfeit and pay the furti of fifty pounds, to be recovered by a&*o of debt, bill, plaint, or inhumation, in any of his Majeffcy? courts of record at fVeftrmnfter, wherein no efloin, wager of larvi or protedUon, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed all which penalties (hall go to the ufe of the perfon or perfon who (hall fue for the fame: and if any perfon fhall refiife to red his chriftian and fumame, or the chriftian and fumame of an] man lodging or refiding within his or her houfe, to any conftm-We, tythingman, or other officer, authorized by this a6t to demand the fame, every fuch perfon (hall forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds.

LXXIII. And be it enacted. That if any three or more deputy lieutenants, or any two deputy lieutenants, together with any one juftice of the peace* or any one deputy lieutenant together with any two juftices of the peace, fhall, at any of their fubdivi-fion meetings, receive information, or fhall fufpedfc, that any perfon inferted in any lift, deferibed as an apprentice, has been fraudulently bound apprentice in order to avoid ferving in the militia, it may and (hall be lawful for any three or more deputy lieutenants, or any two deputy lieutenants together with any one juftice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant together with any two juftices of the peace, to make inquiry into the binding out fuch perfon apprentice, and to fummon fuch perfons as they fhall think neceffary to appear before them, at fuch time and place as they fhall appoint, and to examine fuch perfons, upon oath, touching the matter in queftion: and in cafe any fuch fraud fhall appear in the binding out fuch perfon apprentice, it may and fhall be lawful for fuch deputy lieutenants, or deputy lieutenants and juftice, or deputy lieutenant and juftices, toap-point fuch perfon, fo bound apprentice, to ferve immediately in the militia for theparilh, tvthing, or place, for which fuch lift fhall have been returned, if there fhall be a vacancy; and if there fhall be no vacancy at that time, then upon the firft vacancy that fhall • happen therein: and the perfon to whom fuch apprentice fhall be fo bound, fhall forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds; which penalty, in cafe the fame fhall not be forthwith paid, fhall be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and feals of fuch deputy lieutenants, or deputy lieutenants and juftice, of deputy lieutenant and juftices, or any three or more of them, returning the overplus, if any, after aU charges paid, to the perfon whole

Soods and chattels fhall be fo diftrainedj one moiety whereof lall be applied to the ufe of the informer, if any, and the other moiety, or, if there fhall be no informer, then tne whole of fuch

penalty, fhall be applied in manner herein after-mentioned. LXXIV. And be it ena

ena&ed. That his Majefty*s lieutenant of every county, riding, and place, (hall, and he is hereby required to tranlinitto his Majefty’s privy council* from time to time, a true

ftatc

Anno fecundo Georgii III.  129

Sate of the numbers of perfons fit to ferve in the militia for the time to time, Scanty, riding, or place, of which he is lieutenant; and that af- councifa^ ter all the faid numbers (hall be tranfmitted to his Majefty’s ftatc of the privy council, according to the directions aforefaid, it may and numbers of Iball be lawful for the faid council, and they are hereby required perfons in the p fix and fettle, as near as may be, the number of private mili- fit to pi men who (hall for the future ferve for each county, riding. Or jid the privy pace, within the part of Great Britain aforefaid, by the propor- council n Son which the numbers returned for each county, riding, or thereupon td pace, bear to the whole number of private militia men by this thrC act directed to be raifed within the part of Great Britain afore-  ferve, ^

bid, and forthwith to tranfmit accounts of the numbers fo fixed by the i^opor-and fettled, to all his Majefty’s lieutenants of counties, ridings, tion the re-and places, within the part of Great Britain aforefaid, refpeCtive- turns eac^ h; and where the number of private militia men fo fixed arid thewiiole^ fettled as aforefaid, (hall be refpe&ively greater than the num- number to be her of p rivate militia men who (hall be by virtue of this aCt ap- raifed within pointed to ferve for any county, riding, or place, then, and in * jklngfd<J!Si fuch cafe, his Majefty’s lieutenant together with any two or tranf-xbore deputy lieutenants, and on the death or removal, or in the mit accounts abfence of his Majefty’s lieutenant, any three or more deputy of the nunw lieutenants, (hall, at a general meeting to beheld for that put- bersfo fettled pofe, appoint what number of private militia men (hall ferve i£ot/nantf, for each refpeCHve hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or other di- md where the viSon, within the county, riding, or place, to which they be- number (hall long; and the additional number of private militia men to make greater up die whole number fo fixed and fettled as aforefaid, (hall be tinted by*the provided or chofen in the fame manner as all other private mi-  y

iitia men are by this aCt directed to be provided or chofen: and a general all the additional men fo provided or chofen, or their fubftitutes meeting to (to be appointed as fubftitutes are required to be by this aCt) £d lieut and and voluntiers, (hall take the oath by this aCt required to be ta- deputies, ken, and (hall refpeCtively be inrolled, or fign their confent to and the addi-fcrve in the militia, in the fame manner as is directed, and (hall tional men be fnbjeCt, in cafe of refufal, to the fame penalties as are in like ™vided or cafes inflicted by this aCt: and where the number of private mi- chofen in litia men fo fixed and fettled as aforefaid, (hall be refpeCtively like manner as Ids than the number of private militia men who (hall be, by “ directed in virtue of this aCt, appointed to ferve for any county, riding, or ^d*where the place, then, and in fuch cafe, his Majefty’s lieutenant together number fet-with any two or more deputy lieutenants, and on the death or tied (hall be removal, or in the abfence of his Majefty’s lieutenant, any three left than is ap-or more deputy lieutenants, (hall, at a general meeting to be ^ntcd by ^ held for that purpofe, difeharge by lot proportionably out of theVupemu-cach refpeClive hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or other divi- meranes (hall fion, fo many private militia men as (hall exceed the number fo he difchargcd fixed and fettled as aforefaid.  by lot.

iajeft/s lieutenant, to any three or more deputy lieutenants, of [£nd meeting VoL. XXV.  K  any

130  Anno fecundo GfcOfcGH III. [1761.

to have been any county, riding, or place, at their general meeting, that the unequally or diftribution by them made of the whole number of militia men actioned charged upon fuch county, riding, or place, among the feveral amongftthe hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divifions, was feveral bun- either unequally and erroneoufly made, or, from any fubfequent dreds or divi- alteration of circumftances, is become unequal ana difproporti-coMty- onable, it may and (hall be lawful for his Majefty's faid lieute-or that by ah nant and any two or more deputy lieutenants, or on the death teration of or removal, or in the abfence, of his Majefty’s lieutenant, for circumftances any three or more deputy lieutenants, to make a new and more come^equad* e(lua^ diftribution of luch number as aforefaid among the faid fc-**  # veral hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divifions,

the Ld. lieu- according to the method preferibed by this a<ft for making the tenant and original diftribution, and to caufe fuch additional number ofmen nSk^^new^ to Prov*ded or chofen, or fuch number to be difeharged out and moreCW of thofe before provided or chofen for each refpedtive hundred, equal diftii- rape, lath, wapentake, or other divifion, as (hall become necef-bution; fary in confequence of fuch new diftribution, in like manner as diftham ra^n ls ^  a<^  preferibed to be done, where the lame (hall bc-

confonnableCn comc neceffary in confequence of the accounts tranfmitted from thereto. his Maiefty’s privy council.  ,

Serjeant and LXXVI. And be it enabled,fThat no ferjeant or private man militia man ferving in the militia (hall, during the time of fuch fervice, be exempted liable to do perfonally any highway duty, commonly called Sta-work ancTpa- tute^Qrh or be appointed to ferve as a peace officer or parilh of-riffi offices; Acer, or be liable to ferve in any of his Majefty’s land or fea and from be- forces, unlefs he (hall confent thereto, ing obliged

to ferve in his Majefty’s land or fea forces.

ftJKntiafiTon LXXVIL And be it cnaAed.That incafe any private tnanfef-am'arch^or011 v*ng *n the militia, (hall on the march, or at the place where he at the place of (hall be called out to annual exercife, be difabled by ficknefe, it annual exer- (hall and may be lawful for any one juftice of the peace of the provided for courity> or any mayor or chief magiftrate of any city, town, or byan order* P^acc> 'where fuch man (hall then be, to order him fuch relief as from the ma- he (hall think reafonable, by warrant under his hand and feal; giftrate, or and the officers of the parifh, tything, or place, for which fuch man (hall ferve as a militia man, (hall reimburfe the fame to the ami the ex-  officers of the parilh where fuch militia man (hall then receive

pence is to be fuch relief, which (hall be allowed in their accounts, upon pro-reimburied during the above order.

by his proper LXXVIII. And be it enabled, That no perfon having ferved * - perfonally or by fubftitute three years in the militia, (hall be having ferved °bliged to ferve again, until by rotation it comes to his turn.

3 years, is

liable to ferve again but in rotation.

The fame li- LXXIX. And be itena&ed, Thatevery man havingTerved in , berty is grant- the militia when drawn out and embodied, being a married man, ed to militia may fet Up ancj exercjfc any fuch trade as he is apt and able for, tnarried^id hi any town or place within the kingdoms of Great Britain and embodied, to Inland, without any let, fuit, or moleftation, of any perfon or

perfoos

v^ooQle

17SiJ  Anno fecundo Georgii III.  131

pcrions whatfoever, for or by reafon of the ufing fuch trade, as fet up trades fredy, and with the fame provifions, and under the fame regula- Brifahi or Ire-tions, and with the like exceptipn in refpeft to the two univerfi-ties of that part of Great Britain called England, as any mariner as by aft or foldier may do by an aft palled in the twenty fecond year of ** Geo. II. is his late Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft to enable fuch officers^ mariners9 and foldierj, as have been in his Majejlys ferviceJince his foldiers. accejjion to the throne, to exercife trades.  . ^  ^  Militia man,

LXXX. And be it enafted, That no private militia man (hall if unembo-be intituled to his clothes for his own ufe, until he (hall have died, is not ferved for the fpace of three years, if the regiment or battalion jnntuled to in which he ferves (hall be unembodied; but if fuch regiment (^cd or battalion in which he ferves (hall be drawn out andembo- 3 years; died, the clothes (hall, at the end of one year, be applied in but if embo-fuch manner as the colonel or commanding officer of his regi- thc£ ment or battalion (hall judge bed for the ufe of fuch militia hfs^c at man.  ^  the end of 1

LXXXI. And be it enafted, That if any militia man who (hall year, have been accepted and inrolled as a fubftitute, hired man, or Overfeers are voluntier, before the twenty fecond day of May one thoufand fe- Pay°ut °* ven hundred and fixty, or if any militia man who (hall have rates^by or-been chofen by lot, whether before or after the twenty fecond day der of iome of May, one thoufand feven hundred and lixty, (hall, when em- juftice, a bodied, and called out into aftual fervice, and ordered to march, we«Wy al-leave a family unable to fupport themfelves, the overfeer or ^JeWfa-overfeers of the poor of the pariffi, tything, or townffiip, where miHcs 0f fuch the family of fuch militia man lhail dwell, (hall, by order of men embodi-fome one juftice of the peace, out of the rates for the relief of the cd and poor of fuch pari(h, tything, or townffiip, pay to fuch family a have been weekly allowance, according to the ufual and ordinary price of chofen by lot, labour in huffiandry within the faid county, riding, divifion, dif- and of fuch trift, or place, where fuch family (hall awell, by the following fubftitutes, rule; that is to fay, for one child*under the age of ten years, ^nTvolun-any fum not exceeding the price of one day’s labour; for two tiers, as were children under the age aforefaid, any fum not exceeding the inrolled be-price of two days labour; for three or four children under the forc 44 May» age aforefaid, any fum not exceeding the price of three days la- ^cordine to hour; for five or more children under the age aforefaid, any the°ufual price fum not exceeding the price of four days labour; and for the of labour in wife of fuch militia man, any fum not exceding the price of one husbandry day’s labour; and in every parifh, tything, or townlhip, where tk* the money arifing by fuch rates (hall not be fufficient for the ScniunbSr purpofe aforefaid, a new rate or rates (hall be made for raifinga and age of iuirf fufficient for that purpofe : and every fuch weekly allow- the children: ance (hall be forthwith reimburfed to the overfeer or overfeers of v*zL*J^r j r of fuch pariffi, tything, or townffiip, by the treafurer of the J0Cyearsl*nx * county, riding, or place, where fuch pariffi, tything, or town- day’s labour; (hip mall be fituate, out of the public ftock of fuch county, ri- » uitto, 2 day* ding, or place.  labour;

K2  LXXII.  And

hour; 5 or more ditto, 4 days labour: for the wife 1 day's labour: and where the faid rates (hall be infufiicent, a new rate is to be made; and the overfeeds art to be reimburjf-ed forthwith out of the county (lock.

Anno fecundo Georgii III.'

I1761.

13a

Treafurer of LXXXII. And be it enadted, That the treafurer of every coun-ty, riding, divifion, and place, (hall and is hereby required to account of the ^eeP exa(^ and diftindt accounts of all the monies that (hall have monies fo re- been fo by him reimburfed, to fuch overfeer or overfeers as afore-imburfed to faid, in purfuance of the diredtions of this adt; and (hall at the anVretum”* cn<* ^cvcn ca^en<^ar months from the parting of this adt, and hif-yearly|the afterwards at the end of every fix calendar months, return the faid accounts faid accounts, together with the accounts which he (hall have with thofe re- received from the feveral treafurersof the cities, towns, liberties, f:om or places, to the office of the treafurer’s remembrancer of the fu^ Ko court of exchequer.

the exchequer, LXXXIII. Provided always, and be it enadted, That in all ci-Where any ties, towns, liberties, divifions, and places, which are not liable city or place to contribute to county rates by virtue of an adfc made in the liable11^ adt twe^b  bis  ^ate  Majefty’s  reign, intituled, An aQ far

11 Geo.5! L to tk* more easy  collecting,  and levying of county rates*, the

contribute to juftices of foe peace for every fuch city, town, liberty, divifion, county rates, and place, at any feflions or meeting, or the major part of them the juitices then and there aliembled, may and (hall appoint a treafurer, and ^^ealurer,  aflefs  uPon  every  parifti,  tvthing,  townfoip,  hamlet,  or  vili,

and affefs each within the limits of their reipedtive jurifdi&ions, in fuch pro-parifti,propor- portions as the rates heretofore made for foe relief of the poor tionate to their have been ufually aflefled; and (hall caufe to be paid out of the ** ua poors money collected and levied for the relief of the poor of every fuch parifh, tything, townfhip, hamlet, or vill, into the hands of fuch treafurer, fuch fum or fums of money as they in their diferetion (hall think fufficient for reimburfing to the overfeer or

_________ overfeers of the feveral parifoes, tythings, townfhips, hamlets,

lowanceTpaid or vills, within the limits of their refpedtive jurifdidtions, the by them}  amount of the weekly allowances paid by fuch overfeer or over-

and fuch trea- fcers to the families of the militia men refiding within their ref-imburfedie" pe<5tive jurifdidbons as aforefaid } and every fuch treafurer (hall laid overfeers, forthwith reimburfe the fame to every fuch overfeer or overfeers and keep an accordingly: and fuch treafurer is hereby required to keep exaccount of adfc and diftind* accounts of all the monies that (hall have been p^d^y h?m, Pa^ *nt0 ^ls bands, and f° by him reimburfed to fuch over-am! tranfmit feer or overfeers as aforefaid; and (hall, at foe end of every fix the fame half-calendar months, tranfmit the faid accounts to foe treafurer of yearly to the the county or riding which fuch city, town, liberty, divifion, fi?rer!y ****“ an<* P*ace» *s> by this adt, united with and made part of for the Treafurer of purpofes of this adt: provided that foe trea fyrer of the city of the city, See. Lincoln and county of foe faid city, (hall tranfmit his accounts ot Lincoln is to to foe treafurer or the divifion of Lin fey, within the county of

tranlnut his r •  J

accounts to Lincoln.

thetreafurerof Linfey divifion.

rate, in a fum fufficient to reimburfe the overfeers the weekly al

Allowances LXXXIV. Provided always, and be it enadted, That; within the city1 and ^ Clty and county the city of Exeter, all allowances to be county of the made by virtue of this ad to the families of perfons ferving in cityot Exeter, the militia, (hall be paid by the treafurer or treafurers 01the are to be paid corporation of the governor, deputy governor, afliftants, and

guardians,

iy6i.] Anno fccundo Georgii HI.  133

guardians, of the poor of the city and county of Exeter and bythetreafur-that the fame (hall be afcertained, aflefled, raifed, collected, and levied, by fuch and the fame ways and means as the money p^r'and to*!* raifed for the relief of the poor within the faid city and county is, aJ^ffcd and le* by virtue of two afts of parliament, the one of them made in vi^d as their tne ninth and tenth years of King JVilliam the Third, and the other of them in the thirty firft year of hi* late Majefty King  1  #

George the Second, directed to be raifed: and it (hall and may Geo.II.direc-be lawful for the feveral perfons authorized to put the faid alts ed \ in execution, to caufe to be raifed and levied fuch fum or fums to {* ad~ as (hall be neceflary for that purpofe, over and above what they ^^they are are already authorized to raife for the relief of the poor of the authorized to (aid city and county; and all and every perfon and perfons who raife for their are by the faid afts, or either of them, required to do any aft, P°°r ratc> matter, or thing, for the afeertaining, aflefling, confirming, or altering of afleflments, collefting and levying the fums thereby direfted to be raifed for the relief of the poor, are hereby re-quiredand authorized to do all fuch and the like afts, matters, and to be raif-and things, for the afeertaining, aflefling, confirming, or alter- ^^e^likc**© ing afleflments, collefting and levying the money hereby directed Halries • C pC" to be raifed, and (hall be fubjeft to all fuch forfeitures and pe- and the mo-nalties, in cafe of their negleft or refufal to perform the fame, as ney already are impoled upon offences of the like nature by the above men- ad vanced and tioned *fts, or either of them; and alfo in the fame manner, treasurer and by the fame ways and means, to raife and levy, or caufe to towards the be rallied and leviea, fuch further fum and fums of money as laid allow-Ihall have been advanced and paid by the treafurer of thecorpo- an.^j*s ration of the poor for the maintenance of fuch wives and fami- vied in like** lies, and (hall caufe the fame to be repaid to the treafurer of the manner, faid corporation.

LXXXV. Provided alfo, and be it enabled. That all monies to Monies to bo be levied by pari(h rates to be made within the city and county levied by this of the city of Brijiol, by virtue of this aft, lhall be paid, afeer- ^ftes^Bri^ tained, aflefled, raifed, collefted, levied, and repaid, in fuch ft0j# manner, and by fuch and the fame ways and means, as are pref- are to be raif, cribed to be obferved in raifing money for the relief of the poor cd and paid, within the faid city and county of the city of Brijiol, by virtue of any aft or afts ot parliament relating thereto; and that it (hall there^ ° and may be lawful for the feveral perfons authorized to put the and to be ad« faid afts in execution, to caufe to be raifed and levied fuch fum ditional to or fums, over and above what they are already authorized to 'vhat ** alrea-raife for the relief of the poor of the faid city and county, and to brraifelT alfo in the fame manner, and by the fame ways and means, to there: raife and levy, or caufe to be railed and levied, fuch further fum and the mo-and fums of money as (hall have been advanced and paid by the treafurer of the corporation of the poor, and (hall caufe the fame the treafurer to be repaid to the treafurer of the faid corporation; and that 0f the corpo-all and every perfon and perfons, who are by the faid afts, any ration of the or either of them, required to do any aft, matter, or thing, for to the afeertaining, aflefling, confirming or altering of afleflments, him1; ^ collefting and levying the fums thereby directed to be raifed for and all afts

K 3  the

Anno fecundo Georgii III.

[1761

134

requifitc  the relief of the poor, are hereby required and authorized to do

b«d^e* ***t0 all fuch and the like a<fts, matters, and things, for the afeertain-likepenaities1^ afl"e^ing> confirming, or altering affeflments, colle&ing and as are pre- * levying the money hereby dire&ed to be raifed, and (hall be feribed with fubjedt to all fuch forfeitures and penalties, in cafe of their ne-refpe& to of- gleift or refufal to perform the fame, as are impofed upon officers fng^heirdq- t^ie nature by the above mentioned ads, any or either of tyinexecuti- them, on of the poor laws there

Where trea- LXXXVI. Provided always, and be it enaded, That the treasurers (hall re- furer of any county, riding, city, town, liberty, divifion, or place* imbnrfe to  within the part of Great Britain aforefaid, who (hall, after the

monCTO  Pa®n3 this ad, reimburfe to any overfeer or overfeers of the

m 1 ev‘  poor of any pari(h, tything, town (hip, hamlet, or vill, any fum

or Anns of money, in purfuance of the diredions of this ad, on account of the weekly allowance to the family of any militia man, ferving in the militia of any county, riding, city, town, liberty, divifion, or place, other than the county, riding, city, town, liberty, divifion, or place, where fuch family (hall dwell, ty, other than lhall deliver or tranfmit an account of fuch money as he (hall that wherein have fo reimburfed as aforefaid, figned by one or more juftice or

money, on account of the weekly allowance to the families of militia men ferving in anv coun-

iiich families dwell, they are to tranfmit an account thereof, figned by a ju-itice, to the treafurer of the county wherein fuch men ferve, who is to reimburfe them the lame.

If a quaker

juftices of the peace for the county, riding, city, town, liberty, divifion, or place, where fuch family (hall dwell, to the treafurer of the county, riding, city, town, liberty, divifion, or place, in the militia whereof fuch militia man (hail ferve; and thereupon the treafurer, to whom fuch account (hall have been delivered or tranfmitted as aforefaid, (hall, and is hereby required to pay to the treafurer who (hall have fo delivered of tranfmitted fuch account, the fum or fums fo by him reimburfed to fuch overfeer or overfeers, and (hall be allowed the fame in his accounts.

LXXXVII. And be it cnatfed. That if any perfon, being one of the people called Quakers (hall be chofen by lot to ferve in the militiq, and (hall reFufe or neglecft to appear, and to take the be chofen, and oath? anj ferve jn tjie militia, or to provide a fubftitute, to be dr provWea** aPProvcd as aforefaid, who (hall take the faid oath, and fub-feribe his confcnt to ferve as the fubftitute of fuch quaker; then, and in every fuch cafe, any three deputy lieutenants, or any two deputy lieutenants together with anyone juftice of the peace, or any onq deputy lieutenant together with any two juftices of the peace, (hall, if they think proper, upon as reafonable terms as may be, provide and hire a fit perfon, who (hall take the faid oath, and fubferibe his confent to ferve in the faid militia for the fpace of three years, as the fubftitute of fuch quaker; and any three deputy lieutenants, or any two deputy lieutenants together with any one juftice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant together with any two juftices of the peace, are hereby impowered and required to levy bydiftrefs ana fale of the goods and chattels of fuch quaker, by warrant under their hands and feals, fuch fum cr fums as (hall be neceffary to defray the ex-

pence

fubllitute, thedep. lieutenants may provide one, and levy the cxpence by diltrefs and (ales

v^ooQle

Anno (ecundo GeoRGII III.  135

pence of providing and hiring fuch perfon to fervc in the militia, but if any op* for the (pace of three years, as the fubftitute of fuch quaker, fo refuting or neglecting, as aforefaid; rendering the overplus, if in making any, after deducting the charges of fuch diftrefs and fate, to fuch fuch diftrefs, quaker, upon whom fuch diftrefs (hall have been made as afore- be w to be re-(aid: and in cafe any meafures (hall be ufed in making diftrefs •ntporl as aforefaid, which may be by any fuch quaker thought oppref- mSe by hirai five, it (hall be lawful for luch quaker to complain thereof to the deputy lieutenants and juftices of the peace, at their next meeting, who are hereby impowered and required to hear and finally determine the fame.

LXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enafted by the And wb®rc authority aforelaid. That in every parilh, tything, or place, or^iqrcfufet0 two or more parilhes, tythings, or places, 10 added together as pay to the aforefaid, in which any fuch rates (hall be made, where the rates autho-churchwardens or overfeers (hall make complaint to a juftice °f the peace, that a quaker or quakers refufe to pay the fum or jnad£, ** fums of money he or they (hall be rated at, fuch juftice may the juftices, and (hall order fuch coft and charges, for levying fuch diftrefs, uponconv as he (hall think reafonable, not exceeding the fum of ten (hill- |£alnthot the ings on each of the faid quakers where there are no more than may or, two erf* them, and, where there are a greater number, not ex- «jer reafona- * ceeding five (hillings on each of the laid quakers.  blcojft and

levying the diftrefs, in proportion to the Anns here allowed.

LXXXIX. And be it enabled and declared, That it may and Dep. licute-fliall be lawful for any deputy lieutenant or juftice of the peace  ju-

to aft in the execution of this aft, in any and every fubdivifion  *

within the county, riding, or place, for which he is or (hall be every fubdi-commiffioned; and that each and every fuch deputy lieutenant vilion of the and juftice of the peace hath and lhall have the fame power and cx?l?n55rlfor authority therein, as is by this aft given to any deputy lieute- con^jfiond* nant or iuftice of the peace, within the fubdivifion to which he is or (hall be particularly appointed.

XC. And be it enafted, That his Majefty’slieutenant for A clerk for any county, riding, or place, may and (hall appoint a clerk for mceungY?*1 the general meetings within fuch county, riding, or place, and to be appoint-may difplace fuch clerk if he (hall think fit, and appoint another ed by the Ld, in nis room; and the deputy lieutenants within their refpeftive fubdivifion*, or the major part of them prefent, may and (hall thefub-appoint a clerk for their fubdivifion, and may difplace luqh clerk, diviiion meet-it they or the major part of them prefent (hall think fit, and ap- ings by the point another in his room.  D* beuts.

XCL And be it enafted. That any two deputy lieutenants l»«its.* together with any one juftice of the peace, or any one deputy f )u^tce* lieutenant together with any two juftices of peace, within the ^nd % juftices, counties of Cumberland, Huntingdon, Monmouth, TVeJhnorland, may exercife and Rutland, and within all the feveral counties and places with- the fame in the faid dominion of Wales, relbeftively, (hall have and ex- ^^tiesof ° ercife all and every the powers conferred by this aft on any three Cumberland, deputy lieutenants of any county, riding, or place, within that

K 4  pm

^ooQle

136  Anno  fecundo  Georgii  III.  [176!

Huntingdon,  part of Great Britain called England > any thing herein contain*

Wr/lmoHaxd t0 t^ie contrary notwithftanding.

Rutland, and Wales, as are conferred on 3 deputy lieutenants of any other county.

Whereafuffi- XCII. And be it enacted. That if it (hall happen tha cicnt number there (hall not appear at any fubdivifion meeting, a fufficie* to aa (hall not number of deputy lieutenants and juftices of the peace to acj fubdivifion1”7  of  «**  meting  ty  notice  given  in  writing  t

meeting, the all the deputy lieutenants within luch fubdivifion, or left a clerk is to their refpective places of abode, appoint another meeting to h give 5 days held within fourteen days at the fame place where fuch meetinj oUw'meerine becn bef°re appointed to be held, giving at leaft five day tobeheld 5 notice thereof, within 14 days after the former meeting.

Fines for not XCIII. And be it enacted. That all Turns of mbney ari-ferving are to fing by forfeitures paid by, or levied upon, perfons refuting to be applied in ferve in the militia perfonally or by fubftitute, lhall be applied, riding jn the firft place, by any three deputy lieutenants, or by any two deputy lieutenants together with any one juftice of the peace, or by any one deputy lieutenant together with any two juftices of the peace, within their refpective fubdivifions, in providing a fubftitute for the perfon who (hall have paid fuch pe-

_____________ nalty; and if any part of fuch penalty (hall remain after fuch

as part of the fubftitute (hall be provided, the lame (hall be paid to the colonel regimental or commanding officer of the regiment or battalion, and be ap-itoek.  plied as part of the regimental nock.

Perf 1' bl XCIv. And be it ena&ed, That every perfon liable to to ferve hav- ferve *9 the militia, having more than one place of refidence, ing more than (hall be deemed to relide only and (hall ferve as a militia man, one place of within the county, riding, or place, where his name (hall have been firft inferted in a lift, and returned as herein direded, Cubed to refJeto*, je<^*ng him to fuch fervice j and the clerk to the fubdivifion and (hall ferve meeting to which fuch lift (hall be returned, (hall, if any fuch only in the perfon require the fame, grant a certificate , under his hand, county where that fuch perfon’s name was inferted in fuch lift, ipecifying the inthdiftr”and bmes when fuch lift was made and returned, certificates, if required, lhall be granted gratis of fuch returns.

and the fur-plus, if any, to be applied

A general XCV. And be it enalted. That within one month after meeting is to the (aid rolls are fo returned from the deputy lieutenants and lordUeut and Ju^ces °f tbe peace as aforefaid, his Majefty’s lieutenant toge-deputieV&c. tber with any two or more deputy lieutenants, and on the death within a* * or removal, or in the abfence of his Majefty’s lieutenant, any month after three or more deputy lieutenants, (hall meet together, and form the ^H^frorn an<* or(*cr tbe militia for their refpeftive counties, ridings,or the deputy0"1 places (where the fame has not already been formed and order-lieutenants to cd) into regiments, confiding, where the number of militiamen form the men, will admit the fame, of twelve, but in no cafe of lefs than Of »«**>* eight, companies of eighty men at the moft, arid fixty men at regiments of the leaft, of perfons living as near to each other as conveniently 1* but not lefs can be; and (hall poft to each company proper officers com-

miflioned

t^ooQle

y6i.)  Anno  fecundo  Georgii  III.  137

aiffioned and qualified aforefaid; (that is to fay) the field ofli- than8 comers of a regiment (hall be, one colonel, one lieutenant colonel,  *

nd one major 5 and where the number of private men (hall moft^and mount to five companies, or to any number under eight com- men at the anies, fuch militia (hall be formed into a battalion, with one l«dl> and eutenant colonel, and one major, and no other field officer; the . nd where the number of private men (hall amount to three ° Co?^ch*# ©mpanies, or to any number under five companies, fuch militia 1 lieutenant hall alfo be formed into a battalion, with one lieutenant colonel colonel, and nr major, and no other field officer: and m each regiment or 1 major, to nttalion of militia, a number of captains, lieutenants, and en- ment igns, equal to the number of companies in fuch regiment or and where battalion, grenadier companies excepted, wherein there (hall be the number

one captain and two lieutenants.  of ™ei1

r  make 5 or

not companies, but left than 8, they are to be formed into battalions, with 1 licut. colonel, and 1 major; and to a battalion of 3 companies, or lefs than 5, x lieut.colonel 01 major; and 1 capt. lieut. and enfign to each company, grenadier companies excepted, wherein are to be 1 captain and a lieutenants.

XCVI. And be it enafted, That where the militia of any Where the county, riding, or place, has been already formed and ordered, militia has his Majeft/s lieutenant together with any two deputy lieute- ^med^d^ nants of fuch county, riding, or place, (hall, if the faid militia ordTredfthey (hall be then difembodied, within two months after the palling are, within 7 this aft, reform the fame, according to the rules by this aft pre- * months af-fcribed for the firft forming and ordering the militia; and it the  de-

fame (hall be embodied, then within two months after it (hall *^ ^.form-bc difembodied and returned to the refpeftive counties.  ed, according

to the rules preferibed for the firft forming and ordering them.

XCVII. And be it enafted, That in every county, rid- where the ing, and place, and in every city and town being a county, number of within the part of Great Britain aforefaid, where the number of J*CJ} not private militia men (hall not be fufficient to form a regiment or battalion, according to the intent and meaning of this aft, the regiment following eftabliftunent (hall take place therein; (that is to fay) or battalion, the militia of fuch counties, ridings, places, cities, and towns, *£*7 are to be (hall be formed into independent companies, each company to confift of eighty private men at the mod, and fixty private men ^m^ieg at the lead, with one captain, one lieutenant, and one enfign, to from 60 to 8o each company ; and it (hall be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs, men each, and fucceflbrs, to join together any number of fuch independent * companies, and therewith to form a battalion or battalions, or \ enfign; to incorporate them with any regiment or battalion, regiments and they may or battalions of militia, but fo as the number of companies in be joined, and any fuch regiment or battalion do not exceed, or fall (hort of, bamdfen^or the number of companies of which a regiment or battalion of ^ incorfKjrat-militia is herein before refpeftively allowed to confift.  ed with feme

regiment or battalion, fo as the number of companies therein does not exceed, or fklt flwrt of, the number a regiment or battalion ought to confift of.

XCVm. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, When a regi-That when any regiment or battalion of militia (hall be unem- ***** °T*?***

bodied,tauoa uau 00

>3*

unembodied, the commanding officer

may appoint a

The militia it to be trained and exercifed, by regiment or battalion, twice a year, 14 days each time, or once a year, tor st days together, at the isoft convenient times and places $ during which time all the provifions in thea&forpun-ilhing mutiny officers and

Anno fecundo Georgii HI. [1761.

bodied, the colonel, or, where there is no colonel, the commanding officer, (hall and may appoint a regimental clerk to fuch regiment or battalion, regimental clerk thereto.

XCIX. And be it enaAed, That the militia (hall be trained and exercifed in the manner following; (that is to fay) by regiment or battalion twice in a year fourteen days at each time, or once in a year for twenty eight days together, as (hall be direAed by his Majefty’s lieutenant and any two or more deputy lieutenants, and on the death or removal, or in the absence, of his Majefty’s lieutenant, by any three or more deputy lieutenants, at fuch time and place, or times and places, as (hall be lead inconvenient to the public, to be by them appointed at a general meeting; and that, during fuch time as the militia (hall be fo trained and exercifed, all the provifions contained in any aA of parliament which (hall be then in force for the punching mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, (hall extend to, and take place in re-fpeA of, the officers and private militia men of every regiment or battalion, but not to extend to life or limb, and defertion, not extending to life or limb, are to take ptote for the

menj

who are to be C. And be it enaAed, That it (hall and may be lawful for quarter'd and the mayors, bailiffs, conftables, tythingmen, headboroughs, and billeted by the other chief magiftrates and officers, of cities, towns, parifhes, ftrate^nmns, tyriungs, villages, and other places, within that part of Gnat livery*(tables,* Britain called England, dominion of JVales% and town of Berwick andpublick upon Tweed, and in their default or abfence, for any one juftice houfes, ap- Gf the peace inhabiting within or near any fuch city, town, tb^purpofe P***’1^ tything, village, or place, and for no others, and they being made are hereby required, to quarter and billet the officers and privato by the com- men ferving in the militia, at the times when they (hall be called standing ot- out to annual exercife,in innsjlivery (tables, ale-houfes, viAual-ccrs . ling-houfes, and all houfes of perfons felling brandy, ftrong waters, cyder, wine, or metheglin, by retail, upon application to them made by the lord lieutenant, or by the colonel or commanding officer pf the militia of the county, riding, or place. Serjeants, Cl* And be it enaAed, That it (hall and may be lawful for CrS| ^ mayors> bailiffs, conftables,tythingmen,headboroughs, and are to be other chief magiftrates and officers of cities, towns, parifhes, quarter'd and tythings, villages, and other places, within that part of Gnat billeted in like Britain called England, the dominion of Walesy and the town of nunner i Berwick upon Tweedy and in their default or abfence, for any ono but are to be ju^*ce the peace inhabiting in or near any fuch city, town, provided with parifti, tything, village, or place, and for no others, and they convenient are hereby required to quarter and billet ferieants, drummers, lodgings only, and fifers, ferving in the militia, in inns, livery (tables, ale-asnoprov^on houfes, viAualling-houfes, and all houfes of perfons felling has by law wine, brandy, ftrong waters, cyder, or metheglin, by retail, thp been made for occupiers whereof are hereby required to provide for fuch fer-r that purpole, r  7  V ‘ r  ‘  jeants.

v^.ooQle

1761-]  Anno  fecundo  Georgii III.  139

j earns, dm turners, and fifers, at fuch times for which no provi-fion has by law been made for that purpofe, convenient lodgings only.

CI1. And be it ena&ed, That the colonel or commanding A return is officer of eveiy regiment or battalion of unembodied militia ** ™.dc to (hall, and he is hereby required, as often as the regiment or tenant of the battalion fliall be called out to exercife, to return to his Majefty’s ftate of the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, for which fuch regi- regiment, 8cc. ment or battalion (hall ferve, a true ftate of fuch regiment or while unem-battalion.

CIH. And be it enafted. That notice of the time and place, exercife. or times and places, of exercife to which the militia men or each  »

parifh, tything, or place, are to refort, (hall befent by the clerk Notice of the of the general meeting to the chief conftables or other officers STces^Sf ex-of the feveral hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divi- crcile to be " Son, with diredfions to forward the fame to the conftables, fent to the tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers of the feveral pa- chief confta-riflaes, tythings, or places, within their refpedlive hundreds, f^wartledby rapes, lathes, wapentakes, or other divifions; which conftables, them to tythingmen, headboroughs, or other parifh officers, (hall caufe parifh, &c. wch notice to be fixed on the doors of the churches or chapels to ** belonging to their refpe&ive parifhes, tythings, or places, or if church^^rs anv place, being extraparochial, (hall have no church or chapel 0f the refbcc-belonging thereto, on the door of the church or chapel of fome tive parifhe* $ parifh, tything, or place, thereunto adjoining j and all fuch and if any militia men (hall duly attend at the times and places of exercife fo to be appointed: and if any militia man (not labouring under Stabled) neg-any infirmity incapacitating him) (hall not appear at fuch timfc le<ft to appear and place, or times'and places, fo appointed in fuch notice as according to aforefaid, every fuch militia man being convitfted thereof, upon *j.°.nce* oath, before one juftice of the peace, (hall forfeit and pay the and°on non-° fum of twenty pounds $ and if fuch militia man (hall not im- payment, is to mediately pay luch penalty, the juftice of the peace, before be committed whom fuch militia man (hall be fo convicted, (hall, by warrant, ^or 6 months, commit fuch militia man to the common gaol of the county, riding, or place, where he (hall have been fo convi&ed, there to or until he remain without bail or mainprize for the fpace of fix months, foal* have paid or until he (hall have paid the penalty aforefaid.  thc PcnaltJr#

CIV. And be it ena&ed. That tne captain of each com- The captain pany of militia (hall keep in his own cuftody, or leave and is to have depofit with the feveral feijeants belonging to his company, or the charge of with fuch perfon or perfons as the faid captain (hall appoint for ^hSTand that purpofe, the arms, clothes, and accoutrements, provided accoutre-for his company of militia ; and the churchwardens of every mentsofhis parifh or place where the faid arms, clothes, and accoutrements, company; are fo depofited, or one of them, is and are hereby required to churchward^ provide, at the expence of fuch parifh or place, a cheft, in which cns are t‘0 fuch captain, ferjeant, or other perfon fo appointed as aforefaid, provide chcfts (hall keep the faid arms in fome dry part of his houfe or dwell- *°r tbc Talc ing, under lock and key, and another cheft in which he (hall keep, under lock and key, the faid clothes and accoutrements ;  1  *

and

140

and care is to be taken that the men return them in good order after exerdfe.

The lord lieut. or deputies in his abfence, may feize and remove the arms, &c. when ne-ceffary to the publick peacej

and lodge them with o-ther perfons. Perfons intruded with the cuftody of the arms, See, delivering out the fame, uu-lefs for exer-dfe, or by proper command, may be committed for 6 months.

Anno fecundo Georgii III.  T,7<

and the ferjeant, or fuch other perfon as (hall be appointed train and difeipline the men, is hereby required to take c that, after exercife, every militia man deans and returns arms, clothes, and accoutrements, to his captain, or to fu perfon or perlons as (hall be appointed as aforefaid to re the fame.  4

CV. And be it ena&ed, That his Majedy’s lieutenant cal any county, riding, or place, or, in the abfence of his Majefty~J lieutenant, any three or more deputy lieutenants, is and arJ hereby authorized, by warrant under nis hand and feal, or theia* hands and feals, to employ fuch perfon or perfons as he or they, (hall think fit, to feize and remove the arms, clothes, and accoutrements, belonging to the militia, whenever his Majefty’s faid lieutenant or deputy lieutenants (hall adjudge it neceflary to the peace of the kingdom, and to deliver the faid arms* clothes, and accoutrements, into the cuftody of fuch perfon or perfons as his Majedy’s faid lieutenant or deputy lieutenants (hall appoint to receive the fame, for the purpofes of this a CVI. And be it enadted. That if any ferjeant, or any other perfon intruded by the captain with the cudody of any arms, clothes, or accoutrements belonging to the militia, (hall deliver out any fuch arms, clothes, or accoutrements, unlefs for exer-* cifing the men, or by the command of his fuperior officer, it may and (hall be lawful for any two or more judices of the peace to commit fuch offender to the common gaol of the county, riding, or place, where the offence (hall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding fix months.

No Day, arms, CVII. And be it further enadted by the authority afbrefaid, aretobei?’ That no pay, arms, accoutrements, or clothing, (hall be iflued, fued,°nor ad- and that no adjutant or feijeant (hall be appointed, for the jutant or fer- militia of any county, riding, or place, until it (hall appear by jeants ap- a return figned by his Majedy’s lieutenant, or on the death or 5*}' removal, or in the abfence, of his Majedy’s lieutenant, by any men Mid of-C three deputy lieutenants, that three fifths of the militia men ficers have of the faid county, riding, or place, have been inrolled, and been inrolled, that three fifths of the officers have taken out their com-and taken out jjjiffions.

fions.C°mm * CVIII. And be it enadted, That all muflcets delivered for Muskets for fa™0® °f militia (hall be marked didindtly in fome vifi-the militia are ble place with the letter M, and the name of the county, riding, to be marked or place to which they belong, with an (M) r  70

and the name of the county, &c.

Militia man CIX. And be it enadted, That if any militia man (hall fell, who fhall fell, pawn, or lofe, any of his arms, clothes, or accoutrements, and pawn, or lofe, fliall be thereof convidted upon oath before any one judice of clothes^or Pcace* fuch militia man (hall forfeit and pay a fum not ex^ accoutre- ceeding three pounds ; and if fuch militia man (hall not imme-ments, forfeits diately pay fuch penalty, the judice of the peace before whom 31*  fuch militia man (hall be fo ponyidted as aforefaid, (hall, by war-

•  rant,

v^,ooQle

76lJ

Anno fecundo Georgii III.

141

and on nonpayment, is to be committed to the boufe of corredHon for 1 month, and until fa-* tisfa&ion be made; and if not of ability to pay, he is to t>e committed for 3 months; and if he neg-left to return them in good order when any time not

ant, commit fuch militia man to the houfe of corre&ion for the pace of one month, and until fatisfaltion be made for the fame; nd if he (hall not be of ability to make fuch fatisfa<51ion, then dt the fpace of three months : and if any militia man (hail re-a& or neglect to return his arms, clothes, and accoutrements, a good order to his captain, or to fuch perfon as (hall be appointed as aforefaid to receive the fame, whenever demanded, uch militia man, being thereof convicted as aforefaid, (hall, br every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten (hillings ; md if fuch militia man (hall not immediately pay fuch penalty, the juftice of the peace before whom fuch militia man (hall be fo convicted as aforefaid, (hall, by warrant, commit fuch militia man to the houfe of correction for any time not exceeding fourteen days.

demanded, he forfeits 10 s. and on non-payment, is to be committed for exceeding 14 days.

CX. And be it enaCted, That if any perfon (hall knowingly if any p^ribii and willingly buy, take in exchange, conceal, or otherwile lhallknowing-rtcrive, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aCt, Jy and unlaw-any arms, clothes, or accoutrements belonging to the militia, chan^^corw* upon any account or pretence whatfoever, the perfon fo offend- Ceal, or re- " ing, being convicted thereof, upon oath, before one or more ceive any of juftice or juftices of the peace, (hall forfeit and pay, for every tl'c &id arms, fuch offence, the fum of five pounds: and if fuch offender ^coJnre^ (hall not immediately pay fuch penalty, the juftice or jufticcs of ments, he fertile peace before whom luch offender (hall be fo convi&ed as feit? 51. for afordaid, (hall, by warrant under the hand and feal, or hands cr rY iuch and feals, of fuch juftice or juftices, levy the fame by diftrefs ^Hevfe^b and fale of the offender’s goods and chatties, rendering the dfftrefiTanl overplus (if any) on demand, after deducing the charges of fale; fuch diftrefs and fale, to fuch offender, upon whom fuch diftrefs and for want (hall have been made as aforefaid; and for want of fuch diftrefs, ^a^be (hall commit fuch offender to the common gaol of the county, committed for riding, or place, where the offence (hall have been committed, 3 months, or there to remain without bail or mainprize, for the fpace of three be publickly months, or (hall caufe fuch offender to be publickly whipped, at thr at the diferetion of fuch juftice or juftices.  thehifUce.0

CXI. Provided always, and be it enatfted. That no officer of the militia, or private militia man, (hall be liable to any penalty or puniftunent, for or on account of his abfence during the ablence, time he (hall be going to vote at any eleftion of a member to during the* ferve in parliament, or during the time he (hall be returning time of go-from fuch eleaion.  ing to vote

for a member of parliament, or returning.

CXII.And be it enadted, That if the ferjeant, or other perfon, if the perfon appointed by any captain of the militia to receive and keep in intruded with his cuftody the arms, clothes, and accoutrements thereto be- ^ longing, (hall not complain, within three days, to fome neigh-  with-

bouring juftice of the peace, of any militia man’s not having in 3 day* returned his arms* clothes, and accoutrements as before directed, complain to

fuch

CjOOQle

142  Anno fecundo GeoRGH III. [176*.

any juftice 6f fuch fcrjcant or other perfon appointed as aforefaid, being thereof any militia  convidled on oath before one of his Majefty’s juftices of the

ing duly re*"  ihall  forfeit  and pay the fura of twenty (hillings; which

turned the penalty, if the offender mall not immediately pay the fame, fame, he for- (hall be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and fcit* 208: . chatties, by warrant under the hand and feal of the juftice of by diftrefs  peace before whom fuch offender (hall be fo convidted as

and fide.  aforefaid, rendering the overplus [if any) on demand, after de-

ducing the charges of fuch diftrels ana (ale, to fuch offender, upon whom fuch diftrefs (hall have been made as aforefaid.

The ferjeants CXIII. And be it enabled, That the feveral ferjeants (hall rear* to receive ceive all their military orders, with refpedt to the training the ordvTfrm7 m^a men under their care, from the adjutant and their fope-the adjutant, r^or officers; and are hereby required to report, from time to and fuperior time, all crimes and mifdcmeanors of the leveral militia men officers; under their command, to their adjutant or fuperior officers, or an£*rc *° re" to any two or more deputy lieutenants, or to fome civil magi-or m** deputy ftrate, as the cafe (hall require, lieutenants, or a civil magiftrate, the crimes and mifdemeanors of the men.

Non-commif- CXIV. And be it enadled, That if anytnon-commiffion officer fion officer (hall be negligent in his duty, or infolent or difobedient to the being negli- orders of the adjutant, or other his fuperior officer, and be Sutv^r'in- thereof conviCed as aforefaid, upon the oath of the adjutant, or fotent,°or dif- other fuperior officer, before one or more juftice or juftices of pbedient to the peace, fuch non-commiffion officer (hall forfeit and pay any bis fuperior fUm not exceeding thirty (hillings, at the diferetion of fuch juftice forfefts an or  anc^ ^ fuch non-commiffion officer (hall not imme-

fumCnotaex- diately pay fuch penalty, thejuftice or juftices of the peace be-cecding 30 s. fore whom fuefi non-commiffion officer (hall be fo convidled as and on non- aforefaid, (hall, by warrant, commit fuch non-commiffion officer payment,im^r to the houfe of correction for the fpace of fourteen days ; and forT^days1; h*8 Majefty’s lieutenant, or the colonel or commanding officer and isliable’to of the regiment or battalion, may difeharge fuch non-commiffion be difeharged. officer, if he (hall think fit.

Chief confta- CX V. And be it enaCed,That all chief conftables, petty con-blesandothers tables, tythingmen, headboroughs, and other officers, of hun-are required dreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, pariflies, tythings, and places, to be aiding within that part of Great Britain called England, and the domt-The lorIieut0 n,on  ihaJI, and they are hereby required to be aiding

tenants, deT an^ affifting to his Majefty’s faid refpedtive lieutenants, and puties, and their deputy lieutenants, ana to the juftices of the peace, and to juftices, See. any of them, and to all to whom any power or authority is by in the execu- thjs a6l given, in the execution thereof.

tiono sa . CXVL And be it enadled, That in cafe of adtual invafion, or In cafe of ac- upon imminent danger thereof, or in cafe of rebellion, it may or imminent* anc* ^a^ ^e  f°r  his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceffors

danger there- (Ae occafion being firft communicated to parliament, if the pra-•of, or of re- liament (hall be then fitting, or declared in council, and notified hellion, the by proclamation, if no parliament (hall be then fitting or in

being) to order and diredt his or their lieutenants, and on their i ;tt commu- 07  7  ,  .

*76l0

Anno fccundo Georgii III.

*43

death or removal, or in their abfence from their refpedtivecoun- nicated the ties, ridings, or places, any three or more deputy lieutenants, occaflon to with all convenient fpeed, to draw out and embody all the re- ^tin^and’if giments and battalions of militia of their refpedtive counties, not, to the ridings, or places, already raifed, and not yet embodied, or council, and herein appointed to be railed and trained, or fo many of them j}otlfiwltbc as his Majefty, his heirs, and fucCeflors, (hall, in his or their great wifdom, judge neceflary, in fuch manner as (hall be beft may order the adapted to the circumftances of the danger ; and to put the faid militia to be forces under the command of fuch general officers as his Majefty, <lra^?^t.and his heirs, or fucceflors, (hall be pleafed to appoint over them; £?fonranyof and to diredl them to be led by their refpedtive officers into any them as he parts of this kingdom for the fuppreffion of fuch invafions and (hall judge rebellions: and the officers of the militia and private militia neceflary; men of the regiments, battalions, and independent companies, ^cPu^cnl already embodied, or hereafter to be embodied, (hall, from the mandofge-time of their being drawn out and embodied as aforefaid, and neral officers 9 until they (hall be returned again, by order of their command- and direct ing officers, to their refpedtive parilnes or places of abode, re- [n^Tany pam main under the cpmmand of fuch general officers, and (hall be 0f intitled to the fame pay as the officers and private men in his dom for the Majefty** other regiments of foot receive, and no other; and fupprcfiionof the officers of the militia (hall, during fuch time as aforefaid, rank with the officers of his Majefty’s other forces of equal de- an(j they jre gree with them, as the youngeft of their rank; and, during to receive pay (uch time, all the provifions contained in any adt of parliament « the King's which now is or (hall be then in force for the punilhing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their jS^ey ftau9 quarters, (hall extend to, and take place in refpedt of, the officers be returned and private militia men of every fuch regiment, battalion, or again* and independent company of militia refpedlively (excepting only as the officers to fuch particulars as are or (hall be otherwise efpecially provided ^itluhoft of for by this or any adt or adts of parliament, hereafter to be equal degree made, for regulating the militia forces within the part of Great in his Ma-Britain aforefaid) and when they (hall be returned again to their iefty's othcf refpedtive parifties or places oi abode, they (ball be under the youngeft of * fame orders and diredtions only, as they were before they were their rank 5 drawn out and embodied as aforefaid ; and if any non-com- and are to be million officer of the militia or private militia man (hall be under all the maimed or wounded in adtual fervice, he (hall b^e equally intitled ^u^ny* to the benefit of Cbelfea Hofpital with any non-commiftion excepting officer or private foldier belonging to his Majefty’s other forces; where it is and his Majefty’s lieutenant of every fuch county, riding, or otherwife fpo-place, and on the death or removal, or in the abfence of his ^a J^rp.ro^d* Majefty’s lieutenant from his county, riding, or place, any three when retumor more deputy lieutenants, (hall iffue his or their order to the ed to their chief conftables or other officers of the refpedtive hundreds, own parifties, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divifions, with diredtions to ^unde/the forward the fame immediately to the conftables, tythrngmen, fame orders headboroughs, or other officers of the feveral parifties, tythings, and diredtions

and places, within their refpedtive diyilionss and fuch confta- only, as be-r  r  ble*,  forc they were

144

drawn out and embodied: And any non-

com officer or private man being maimed or wounded in the fervice, are equally Entitled, with thofe of bis Majefty's other forces, to Chelfea Hofpital.

The lord lieut. or deputies, are to iffiie orders of the embodying to the chief con-ftables, to be forwarded to the petty conltables, who are thereupon to give notice to the men to attend; and any man, not being dif-abled, rehifmg to appear and march, forfeits 401. and on non* payment, is to oe committed for 1* months, or until payment militia man, by diflrefs and be publickly

In cafe of in-yafion, or imminent danger thereof* or of rebellion, the parliament if adjourned, or prorogued, above 14 days, is to bo fum-moned to meet; and are to fit anda&as if adjourned.

Officers and men are inti-

Anno fecundo Georgii III. [i 761.

hies, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers, are hereby required, upon receipt thereof, forthwith to give or leave in writing, notice, or caufe fuch notice to be given to the feveral militia men, or left at the ufual places of their refpe&ive abodes within their refpe&ive parifhes, tythings, or places, to attend at the time and place mentioned in fuch order ; and if any militia man fo ordered to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid (not labouring under any infirmity incapacitating him to ferve as a militia man} (hall not appear and march in purfuance of fuch order, every fuch militia man being convi&ed thereof, upon oath, before two or more juftices of the peace, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of forty pounds; and if fuch militia man (hall not immediately pay fuch penalty, the juftices of the peace, before whom fuch militia man (hall be fo convicted, (hall, by warrant, commit (uch militia man to the common gaol of the county, riding, or place, where he (hall have been fo convi&ed, thereto remain without bail or mainprize for the fpace of twelve months, or until he (hall have paid the penalty aforefaid: and if any perfon (hall harbour or conceal any militia man, not attending when ordered out into a&ual fervice, knowing him to be a militia man, and (hall be thereof convided upon oath, before any juftice of the peace, every fuch perfon (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and'chatties, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice, rendering the overplus, if any, after deducting the faid penalty, and the charge of fuch diftrefs and fale, to the party whofe goods and chatties (hall be fo diftrained and fold; and for want of fufficient diftrefs, it may and (hall be lawful for fuch juftice, and he is hereby required, to commit fuch offender to the houfe of corre&ion for the fpace of two months, or to caufe fuch offender to be publickly whipped, at the diferetion of fuch juftice.

of the penalty i And any perfon knowingly harbouring or concealing any abfeonding when called out into a&ual fervice, forfeits 51, to be levied fale5 and for want of diftrefs, he may be committed for % months, or whipped.

CXVII. And be it enafted. That if at anytime (in cafe of aftual invafion, or upon imminent danger thereof, or in cafe of rebellion) the parliament (hall happen to be feparated by fuch adjournment or prorogation as will not expire within fourteen days, it (hall be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceffors, to iflue a proclamation for the meeting of the parliament upon fuch day as he or they (hall thereby appoint, giving fourteen days notice of fuch appointment; and the parliament (hall accordingly meet upon fuch day, and continue to (it and a<ft in like manner to all intents and purpofes, as if it had ftood adjourned or prorogued to the fame day.

or prorogued, to the day of fuch meeting.

CXVin.And be it ena<fted,Thatthe officers of the militia and private militia men, who (hall be drawn out and embodied, (hall

be

176i.]  Anno fecundo Georgii III.  141

be intitled to pay from the day of the date of his Majefty's rant for that purpofe. warrant for their being embodied.

war- tied to pay#

from the date of the King’s

CXIX. And be it enabled, That when any regiment or bat- when a regi-talion of militia (hall be drawn out and embodied, and during ment, See. is the time they (hall continue embodied, the colonel, or, where drawn out and there is no colonel, the commanding officer of fuch regiment or comnwnding battalion, (hall and may appoint an agent to fuch regiment or officer is to-battalion ; and fuch colonel, and, where there is no colonel, appoint an the commanding officer, lhall be and is hereby made fubje<ft thereto* and liable to make good all deficiencies that may happen upon account of the pay, clothing, or publick (lock of fuch regiment liable to roako or battalion : and fuch colonel, and, where there is no colonel, good any de-the commanding officer, (hall take fecurity from the agent fo Sdencies of appointed.  pay, clothing,

CXX. And be it ena<5led,That when the militia of any county, riding, or place, (hall be ordered out into a6lual fervice, it (hall and may be lawful for the captain of any company of militia to A captain augment his company, by incorporating, with the confent of his Majeft/s lieutenant, or, in the abfence of his Majefty’s menthh com* lieutenant, with the confent of two or more of the deputy lieu- pany, when tenants, any number of perfons who (hall offer themfelves as order’d out voluntiers, and who (hall appear to him to be fufficiently trained J^vici! with and difciplined, and provided with proper clothes, arms, and voluntiers! if accoutrements, and who (hall take the oath appointed to be properly dif-taken by this a<5l, and fign their confent to ferve in the militia ciplmed, and for the time of fuch a&ual fcrvice, and to fubmit to the fame JJ^who will rules and articles of war as militia men are by this ad liable to take'the oadi during the time of their continuing in adual fervice.  appointed,

and fign the rolls, and be fubjeft to the articles of war.

CXXI. And be it ena<5led,That no officer ferving in the militia officers of the (hall (it in any court martial upon the trial of any offi'cer or fol- militia and his dier ferving in any of his Maiefty’s other forces ; nor (hall any ^er^rces officer ferving in any of his Majefty’s other forces, fit in any are notto^fit court martial upon the trial of any officer or private man ferving indiferimi-in the militia.  xvately oa

trials for offences committed by the different corps.

CXXII. And be it enafled, That when the militia of any Receivers ge-county, riding, or place, (hall be ordered out into a&ual fer- neral of the vice, or (hall be out in adtual fervice, the receiver or receivers land Ux general of the land tax for fuch county, riding, or place, (hall, ctmamor ° and he or they is and are hereby required to pay, or caufe to be commanding paid, to the captain or other commanding officer of each com- officer of fuch pany of militia fo ordered out, or being out in fervice for fuch Co»nPany county, riding, or place, one guinea for each private militia man  ^ Jhjal

belonging to nis company, whether fuch militia man marched fervice, with the company when firft drawn out, or was ordered out 1 guinea per afterwards to join fuch company, to be paid over by fuch cap- roan for cacb tain or other officer to every fuch private militia man who be- longing*0 longed to his company at the time fuch pailitia was ordered out thereto, * Vol. XXV,  h  into

I*2

whether filch man marched with the company when firft drawn out, or was afterwards ordered to join Bichat ihali be

Anna fecundo Georgh III. [1761.

into aftual fervice, on or before the day appointed for marching i and to fuch militia man, who fhall be afterwards ordered out, when he fhall ioin his company; and fuch receiver or receivers general fhall be allowed the fame in his or their accounts.

it; to be oaid over by the captain to the men beftfre they march 3 and to afterwards order'd out, when they (hall join the companies.

When the CXXIII. And be it ena&ed, That when the militia (hall be Ss^ailed*^ ^Ued out to be trained and exercifed, it may and fhall be lawful to betrained ^or any ju^ce °f the peace of any county, riding, or place, be-the juftices of ing duly thereunto required by an order from his Majefty’s lieu-tbe peace, up- tenant, or from any deputy lieutenant of the county, riding, or on an order place, or from the colonel or other chief commiflion otticer lieutenant°or uPon the place of any regiment, company, or detachment of deputy, or  militia, to ifTue out his warrant, under his hand, to the chief

commanding conftables of hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or divifions, officer, are to or to the conftables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other offi-forprovWine cers of the Pariftles» tythings, or places, from, through, near, fuch carriages or to which any fuch regiment or company of militia men, or for the ufe of any detachment thereof, (hall be ordered to march, requiring the troops, as them to make fuch provifion for carriages of the arms, clothes,

accoutrements, powder, match, bullets, or other warlike mate-with aole men  r  , .  -  ,  .  .  .

todrivethem; nals, with a°le mcn to drive fuch carnages, as is and are men-

and where a tioned in the faid order; but in cafe fuch fufficient carriages and men cannot be provided within any fuch county, riding, hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, divifion, parifh, tything, or place, then the next juftice or juftices of the peace (hall, upon fuch order as aforefaid being (hewn unto him or them, ifliie his or their war-&c. the neigh- rantto the chief conftables, conftables,tythingmen, headboroughs, ftiew are^o  or other fuch officers of the next county, riding, hundred, rape,

iflue warrants lath, wapentake, divifion, parilh, tything, or place, for the pur-ibr fumifhing pofes aforefaid, to make up fuch deficiency of carriages : and what fhall be fuch lieutenant, deputy lieutenant, colonel, or other chief com-Officer^to mdrion officer upon the place, who, by virtue of the aforefaid paydown to warrant from the faid juftice of the peace, lhall demand fuch the conftable carriages of fuch chief conftable, conftable, tythingman, head-the following borough, or other officer, is and are hereby required, at the Se?o/fuchhC ^ame t*me> t0 PaY down in hand to the chief conftable, con-carriages, ftable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer, for the ufe as. for every of the perfon who lhall provide fuch carriages and men, the mile a waggon fum of one {hilling for every mile any waggon with five horfes with 5 hories,  travel j and the fum of one (hilling for every mile any

with ^ oxen, wain with oxen> or with four oxen and two horfes, fhafl or 4 oxen and travel ; and the fum of nine pence for every mile any cart with a horfes; four horfes fhall travel; and fo in proportion for carriages ^revery drawn by a lefs number of horfes or oxen; for which refpe&ive horfes and fo ^ms f° received, the faid chief conftable, conftable, tything-in proportion; man, headborough, or other officer, is hereby required to give for which a a receipt in writing to the perfon or perfons paying the fame; ftctiptiite audyfuch chief conftable, conftable, tythingman* headborough,

or

lufficicnt number cannot be provided within the countyj

v^ooQle

1761.] Anno fecundo GeoRGH HI.  143

or other officer, (hall order and appoint fuch petfon or perfons be given himf having carriages within their refpeftive hundreds, rapes, laths, j^hle«C C°to wapentakes, parifhes, tythings, or places, as they (hall think orde^car- ° proper, to provide and furnifh fuch carriages and men according riages to be to the warrant aforefaid ; which perfons fo ordered are hereby furoifhed ac-required to provide and furnifh the fame accordingly for one c£rdingly; day’s journey, and no more : and in cafe the chief conflables, f0* one day’s conftables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers, (hall journey only s be at any charges for fuch carriages, over and above what is fo and any addi-received by them of his Maiefty’s faid lieutenant, the faid deputy honal ex-1/eutenant, colonel, or other chief officer, as aforefaid, fuen ^Cthercbyr-overplus (hall be borne by each county, riding, or place, where are to be re* fuch additional expence fnall be incurred, and be repaid to them paid out of without fee or reward by the treafurer of each refpe&ive coun- the county ty, riding, or place, out of the publick ftock.  ock*

CXXIV. And be it enafted, That if any fuch chief conftable, Conftables, conftable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer, (hall wil- &c. negleft-fully negledt or refufe to execute any fuch warrant of any juftice in* their duty of the peace ; or if any perfon appointed by fucji chief conftable, conftable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer, to provide  ^  9

or furnifh any fuch carriage and man, fhall wilfully negleft or refufe to provide the fame; every fuch offender fhall Forfeit a forfeit not left fum not exceeding forty (hillings, nor lefs than twenty (hillings, than 10s. nor to the ufe of the poor of the parifh, tything, or place, where morc tha£ fuch offence fhall be committed: and every fuch offence (hall uf/ofthc and may be heard and determined by two juftices of the peace p00r. within the county, riding, or place, where fuch offence fhall be * committed j which juftices fhall, by warrant under their hands to be levied and feals, caufe the faid penalty to be levied by diftrefs and fale by diftrefs of the offender’s goods and chattels, rendering the overplus (if fale. any) on demand, after deducing the charges of fuch diftrefs and fale to fuch offender, upon whom fuch diftrefs lhall have been made as aforefaid.

CXXV. Provided always, and be it enabled, That neither the No part of militia of this kingdom, nor any corps, detachment, or draught the militia thereof, fhall, on any account, be tranfported or carried out of ma>r bctran£ ,be ifland of  'gm,  UrUain.  gSVKj

CXXVI. And be it enafted, That all the powers given, and provtfongt provifions made by this aft, with refpeft to the county of &c. in the* Northumberland, and the militia thereof, fhall in like manner aft refpeft-take place, and be in force, with refpeft to the town of Berwick upon Tweedy except only as to the particulars herein expreflfed,  *

and otherwife provided for ; and that out of the perfons re- piace wjth returned in the lifts for the faid town, a number of private militia fpeft to Ber~ men fhall be provided or chofen by lot to ferve for the faid uPm town, in the fame proportion with the private militia men ap-pointed to ferve for the other refpeftive hundreds, wards, and otherwife other divifions, within the faid county of Northumberland; and provided for j if perfons can be found within the faid town and liberties there- andthenum-of, with fuch qualifications as are required for deputy lieute-nants, and officers, within cities and townj which arc counties ^

Vi

144  Anno  fecundo  GeorgII lit. [1761.

h to be in of themfelves, the chief magiftrate of the faid town of Berwick the'mimber° ^we€^ appoint five deputy lieutenants, and fuch num-appointetTfor her officers of the militia as (hall be proportionable to the the other number of militia men which the faid town (nail raife, as their hundreds, &c. quota, towards the militia of the county of Northumberland; and ftthe the faid lieutenants and officers are hereby required to put the and^e*chief Powcrs conferred by this ait, for raifing and training the militia, magiftrate is into execution, within the faid town and liberties, fubieft to fuch to appoint 5 penalties as are inflifted upon deputy lieutenants and officers of deputy lieuts.  for  afting,  not being duly qualified according to the

JhaU be^ound directions of this ait; and that the faid militia (hall join the qualified, and militia of the county of Northumberland, and be exercifed toge-©fficerspro- ther, and (hall then, and alfo in time of adtual fervice, be personable deemed part of the militia of the county of Northumberland% for sess, purpofe aforelaid.

aretocarry the ait into execution $ fubjeft however to the penalties of non-qualification; and the men are to join, and be exercifed with the militia of the county, and be deemed part thereof.

When the CXXVIL And whereas the ordering the militia in the IJU *f number of  Wight, has always been in the governor or lieutenant governor

men is fet-  0f the faid ifland : and whereas, from the length of time fince

the militia thereof was raifed, the raifing the fame in manner to fumith, the heretofore accuftomed may be attended with many difficulties ; governor of be it enafted, That after the number of perfons which the (aid the  ls t0 faroifh to the militia of the county of Southampton

the^fecers  ^ave ^een aPP°*ntec^> as ty this a<5t is direfted, by his Ma-

° .  5  jefty’s lieutenant and the deputy lieutenants, or by the deputy

aft fiords* lieutenants of the faid county at large, the governor of the faid lieuts. of ifland (hall appoint the officers of the militia to be raifed in the counties are faid ifland, and (hall and is hereby impowered and required to impowered  aft in the execution of this aft, in the fame manner as his Ma-

and Utoap-’ Jc^y s lieutenants of counties are hereby impowered and re-point s or quired to aft, and (hall appoint five or more deputies to aft more depu- with him, in and for the faid ifland; which deputies and officers ties 5 who 0f the militia (hall be qualified in the fame manner, and are ^CbeVqual5^ hereby impowered and required to aft in the execution of this fied, and aft, a& in the fame manner, and under the fame directions, provi-asispreferibed (ions, and penalties, as deputy lieutenants and officers of the with refpeft militia, in the feveral counties within the dominion of fPales, I^iitenants are  a(^ ^bjeft to ; and the militia of the faid ifland (hall

and officers he raifal in the fame manner as the militia of the county of for WaUs\ Southampton, and (hall be deemed a part of the militia ot the and the mi- faid county : and after the fame fhall be fo raifed, the faid go-raifed as* ** vernor* lieutenant governor, and deputies, (hall order and direft an the Com. the training and exercifing the faid militia within the faid ifland, Southampton, in the fame manner as his Majefty’s lieutenants and the deputy and deemed a lieutenants are by this act authorized and directed to do in any an?thereCu> * county within that part of Great Britain called England; and the ^be trained and niilitia fo raifed within the faid ifland, (hall be continued and re-cxercifedinthe main within the faid ifland as an internal defence thereof, lame manner, ^nd continue th^re as an internal defence.1

- ’  CXXVIII.  And

j6i.]  Anno  fccundo  Georoii  III.  *45

CXXVm. And be it enatted, That all fines, penalties, and All fines, pe-brfeitures by this att impofed, the manner of recovery where*  *“4

f is not in this a<ft particularly provided for, fhall, on proof wherenot o* ipon oath of the offence before any juftice of the peace of the therwife di-ounty, riding, or place, where the offence fhall be committed, retted, are to k levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender's goods and chattels, be covered, jy warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice, rendering oa°h o/t"he he overplus (if any) on demand, after d.edutting the charges offence before of fuch diftrefs and fale, to the offender upon w hom fuch dif- a juftice for ttds (hall have been made ; and where the goods and chattels the  r

of fuch offender fhall not be fufficient to anlvver fuch diftrefs, f^e.lieA fach juftice is hereby required to commit fuch offender to the and where cpramon gaol of the county, riding, or place, where the of- fufficient di-Knee fhall have been committed, for any time not exceeding J^8 cannot three months : and all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this ^fen^erk to ad impofed, the application whereof is not otherwife parti- be committed edarty provided for, fhall be paid to the clerk of*the' regiment for3 months* 3 or battalion, and fhall be made a common ftock ; and the faid and where not dak (hall give a particular account thereof, as it fhall ariic, rcttcdTthey" to the colonel or commanding officer of .the regiment or batta- are to be paid lion, who (hall caufe butts to be ereefted in fome convenient to the regi-place orplaces, and fhall dirett the clerk of the regiment or batta- clerk, Eon to buy and provide, with fome part of the money fo arifmg, J^raon* *

1 proper quantity of gunpowder and ball, to be ufed at proper ftock, and he times by the militia men in (hooting at marks, and to apply accounted for and difpofe of fuch other part of tne money aforefaid, as he by him to tbs foil think reafonable. In fome prize or prizes to be given to commanding fach militia man or men as ihall, by the commanding officer officer of the ihcnprefent, be adjudged to be the bell markfman or markfmen, regiment 5 and to apply the refidue thereof to other contingencies relating and are to be U* the regiment or battalion.

providing powder and ball, and in prizes to the beft markfmen, and t° other contingencies of the regiment.

CXXIX. And be it enabled. That in all cafes when any per- Where any fon fhall be committed to the houfe of correction by virtue of ^conimftted this att, he (hall, during the time of fuch commitment, be to tjlc llo^c Upt to hard labour in fuch houfe of correction.  of correction,

he is to be kept to hard labour there.

CXXX. And be it enaefted, That in all cafes where his Ma- Lord lieuts. jetty's lieutenants, or the refpe&ive deputy lieutenaiits by them deputies, and appointed, or his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, are, by this ad, required to examine, hear, and determine, all witnefles trjed before fhall be examined upon oath; which oath fuch lieutenants, them, im-deputy lieutenants, and juftices, or any one of them, is and are powered to hereby impowered to adminifter.

CXXXI.Andbe itenattedjThatnoorderorconvidlionmade^^ by any of his Majefty’s lieutenants, or by any three or more And no order <kputy lieutenants, or by any two deputy lieutenants together or conviction ?  with any one juftice of the peace, or by any one deputy lieu- which ffiali be

‘  together with any two juftices of the peace, or by any madc bythem

juftice

i»4«

(hall he removed, or fuperfeded, by writ of certiorari.

Where a pari (h (hail be in more counties or ridings than one, the men (hall ferve in the militia of the county. See. wherein the parifh church Hands, and be fubjeft

The inhabitants of Craike (hall ferve in the militia for the north riding of York, ana be fubjeft to the fame jurifdiftion.

The inhabitants of Maker parifh (hall ferve and be trained with

and thofe of Wokingham, with the mi. litia of Com. Berks i of Filey, to ferve m that of the eaft riding of York. of Threap-*wood, in that of Flint; and to be exercifed

and of Saint Martin, called Stamf ord Baron, in that of Lincoln.

The tinners in De<von and Cornwall are to be under the lord warden of the (Canaries.

Anno fecundo GeoRGH III. [ 1761.

juftice or juflices of the peace, by virtue of this aft, fhall be removed by certiorari out of the county, riding, divifion, place, city, or town, wherein fuch order was made, into any court, ana that no writ or w'rits of certiorari (hall fuperfede execution, or other proceedings, upon any fuch order fo made in pur-fuance of this aft; but that execution, and other proceedings, fhall and may be had and made thereupon, any fuch writ or writs, or allowance thereof, notwithftanding.

CXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That where any parifh fhall lie in more counties or ridings than one, the inhabitants of fuch parifh fhall ferve in the militia of that county or riding wherein the church belonging to fuch parifh is utuated; and that fuch parifh fhall be deemed as part of that county, and fhall be fubjeft to the jurifdiftion and authority of the deputy lieutenants,' juftices of the peace, and other officers of that county or riding, to all the intents and purpofes of this aft. to the fame jurifdiftion.

CXXXIII. And be it enafted. That the inhabitants of the conftablery of Craike, a parcel of the county of Durham, fur-rounded by the north riding county of Yorky fhall ferve in the militia for the faid north riding ; and the deputy lieutenants and juftices of the peace for the faid north riding, (hall and are hereby impowered to aft in the faid conftablery.

CXXXIV. And be it enafted, That the inhabitants of that part of the parifh of Maker, that lies in the county of Cornwall^ fhall ferve in, and be trained and exercifed with, the militia of the county of Cornwall, and fhall, to all intents and purpofes, be deemed, taken, and accepted as part thereof, the militia of Cornwall, and be deemed part thereof}

CXXXV. And be it enafted, That the inhabitants of the tow n and parifh of Wokingham fhall ferve in, and be trained and exercifed with, the militia of the county of Berks.

CXXXVI. And be it enafted. That the inhabitants of the townfhip of Filey fhall ferve in the militia of the eaft riding of the county of York.

CXXXVII. Andbe it enafted, That the inhabitants of Threap-wood (hall ferve in the militia of the county of Flint * and fhall be trained and exercifed with the militia of the parifh of Worthenhufjy within the faid county.

with that of Worthenbury $

CXXXVIII. And be it enafted. That the inhabitants of and in the parifh of Saint Martin, called Stamford Barony in the fub-urbs of the borough and town of Stamford on the fouth fide of the waters there, called Wellandy fhall ferve in the militia of the county of Lincoln.

CXXXIX. And be it enafted, That nothing in this aft contained fhall extend to the tinners in the counties of Devon and Cornwall; but the lord warden of the ftannaries for the time being, in purfuance of his Majefty’s commiflion in that behalf, and fuch as he fhall coftuniffionate and authorize under him,

may

VjOOQ 1C

H 7

1761.]  Anno fecundo Georgii III.

may and (hall have and ufe the like powers, and array, aflcfs, arm, mufter, and exercife, the faid tinners within the (aid counties, and either of them, as hath been heretofore ufed, and according to the ancient privileges and cuftoms of the faid Aannaries.

CXL. And be it enatfted, That his Majefty’s lieutenants Lieutenants who are or (hall be commiflioned for the militia of the city of for London are London, may and (hall continue to lift and levy the train b?nds *o lift and levy and auxiliaries of the faid city, in manner as heretofore.  bamdT'as

CXLI. And whereas the militia of the Tower Divifion in heretofore, the county of Middlefex, commonly known by the name of The Tower Hamlet5, is, and always has been, under the command of his Majefty’s conftable of the Towery or lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets, for the fervice and preservation of that royal fort; be it therefore ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for nis The conftable Majefty’s faid conftable, or lieutenant, for the time being, from of the Tower time to time to appoint his deputy lieutenants, and to give “Jj* commillions to a proper number of officers to train and andofficers.to difeipline the militia to be raifed within and for the faid train and dif-divifion or hamlets, purfuant to an aft of the thirteenth ciplinethemi-and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the roller Ham-Second, intituled, An aft for ordering the forces of the feveral jitJt purfuant eounties of this kingdom, and to form the (ame into two regi- to a£t 13 & 14 ments of eight companies each, in fuch manner as the faid Car-IL which conftable, or lieutenant, hath ufed to do; and alfo for defray-ing the neceflary charges of trophies, and other incident expences gimcnt*of i of the militia or the fame divifion or hamlets, it (hall be lawful companies for his Majefty’s laid conftable, or lieutenant, to continue to wh; and he raife, in every year, the proportion of a fourth part of one Is1tora,lctro~ month’s aflelunentof trophy money within the faid divifion nual^^de^ or hamlets, in fuch manner as he nath ufed to do by virtue fray the ind-and in purfuance of the faid a<ft of the thirteenth and fourteenth dent charges years of the reign of King Charles the Second.  thereof,

CXLIL And be it further enadted, That his Majefty’s faid and appoint conftable of the Tower, or lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets, (hall treafurer, appoint a treafurer of the faid trophy money, for receiving and paying fuch monies as (hall be levied by virtue of the faid a<ft of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second ; which faid treafurer (hall yearly account wll0 ren^ in writing and upon oath, for the fame, to the laid lieutenant, der upon oath or his deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them 5 which an account oath they (hall have power to adminifter ; and which accounts ycarly> which for the lame (hall be certified to the juftices of the peace for the toth^* faid divifion at their next general or quarter fefiions; and that the quarter fef-(aid conftable, or lieutenant, (hall not iflue out ^warrants for lions} and no railing any trophy money, until the juftices of the peace, or money -na3i.bo the major part of them, at fuch feffions, (hall have examined, ^counts ofC dated, and allowed, the accounts of the trophy money raifed, tj,e preceding levied, and collected, for the preceding year, and certified the years are pa(? lame under the hands and feals of four or more of fuch juftices, fed by thoju* pialefs iu cafe where it (hall appear to fuch juftices, that, by rea- *

t 4  fon

14$  Anno  fecundo  Georgii  III.

unlcfs by the fon of the death of fuch treafurer, or otherwife, fucH

trcaalhn:rthe cannot ** Pa^ed* iiich accounts cannot he parted.

Ci7fi

accoui

The Id. war- CXLIII. Arid be it enaded, That the lord warden of t\ den of the cinque ports, two ancient towns and their members * and i an<?h1sPlieut3. ^IS abfence, his lieutenant or lieutenants, may and fhail pt are to execute in execution within the faid ports, towns, and member! therein the all the powers and authorities given and granted by any forms powers grant- ^ or a&$, ancj may and (hall execute and pertorm nil nm ^rmerafts every the things therein contained, in like manner as h.G '1a in like man- jefty’s refpedive lieutenants of counties, and their deputy 1 oilier as the tenants, may do; and may keep up and continue the 12:1:2 Ws* lieuts. number of foldiers in the faid ports, towns, and members, un-of counter8 ^ he or theY caufe to leflen the fame ; and tire militia d may do; and the faid ports, towns, and members, (hall remain fepurats may continue from the tnditia of the feveral counties within which the idd theufoalnum- ports, towns, and members, are fituate; any thing herein cou-therein • and* ta*ne<* t0 contrary notwithftanding : and that it (hall and the militia maybe lawful for the lord warden, or his lieutenant or )L'u-thereofisto tenants, jn purfuance of orders from his Majcfty, his heirs, remain fepa- and fucceflbrs, and in the manner preferibed by ana£t made in Stheamnties thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Chain ;he wherein they Second* intituled, An aft for ordering the forces in the feerd are fituate; counties of this kingdom, notwithftanding one or more monihs py and they may advanced be not reimburfed, to raife and draw out the foldiers into adual fervice, and to caufe the perfons charged as by the •nee of orders ^ t0 provide their foldiers with pay in hand, not ex-fromtheKing, ceeding one month's pay, in fuch manner, as if all the pay conformable advanced and provided had been reimburfed ; and to ufe the ^ihCcir°II3 Powers> to array, aflefs, and arm, mufter, and ex-the mibtia * ercife the faid foldiers, and to make afleflments, and iflfus war-thereof, not- rants for the afleffments made or to be made for raifmg any witbftanding trophy money, and for defraying the ncceffary charges cf vanceYbenot  anc*  ot^er incident expences of the militia of the faid

reimburfed * ports, towns, and members, as hath been heretofore ufc<f, and provide* and according to their ancient privileges and cuftoms \ any thing

the foldiers in the laid ad to the contrary notwithftanding. with a month's

pay 5n hand ; and may exercife the ufual powers for arraying, afleffing, ‘arming, and cxerciling, See. the men, and raifmg trophy money, See.

All former militia ads are repealed, except in cafes fubjeded to provirtons in the (aid ads;

•md nothing in this ad is to vacate any

CXLIV. And be it enaded, That all former ads relating to the raifing of the militia withip that part of Great Britain called England, and the dominions of JVales> (hall, from and after the paffing this ad, be, and are hereby repealed, except in fuch cafes as are herein fpecially direded to be fubjed to the provifions of the faid former ads, or any of them; and the militia raifed by virtue of the faid former ads, (hall be fubjed to all the fame provifions and regulations as the militia direded to be raifed by virtue of this ad are fubjededto.

CXLV. And be it cnaded, That nothing in this aft contained (hall in any wife extend to annul or ipaKe void any thing

already

6

'

[1761. Anno fecundo Georgii III.  *49

already done in purfuance of the former ads relating to the militia forces, or any of them, or to prevent the com- thefbrmer pleating any proceedings already commenced in purfuance of afts ; or pre-the faid acts.  vent any proceedings commenced in purfuance thereof.  Where in

CXLVI. And whereas in the feveral counties, ridings, purfuance of or places, where the militia has been already raifed, feveral tb? former precepts have ifliied for the returning lifts of the names of ha^bcen feveral perfons liable to ferve in the militia, many of which lifts raifed, and have been returned, and feveral proceedings had thereon, in precepts if-purfuance of the laws for the better ordering of the militia forces fued tor re-of that part of Great Britain called England: and whereas it an™p”^eed-is necemry that fome provifion Ihould he made to impower ings had the deputy lieutenants and juftices of the peace in their refpec- thereon , the the fubdivifions, and the juftices of the peace in the faid fe- dep. lieuts. vend counties, ridings, and divifions, in that part of Great ^topr^* Britain called England, to proceed on fuch lifts, and other mat-ters relative thereto; be it therefore enacted. That the faid aftsdirett, in deputy lieutenants and juftices of the peace may and (hall con- execution of tinue to act and put in force the feveral acts of parliament made in the thirtieth, thirty firft, thirty fecond, and thirty third, fubfequent to years of the reign of his late Majefty, and in the firft year of fuch precepts, the reign of his prefent Majefty, relating to the better ordering and the lifts of the militia forces, and the piy thereof, in that part of Great Britain called England, in all matters and things fubfequent cd hereon to the precepts fo ifliied, and the lifts returned or to be return*- and levy the ed thereon; and that the juftices of the peace of the faid feveral fines and pe-counties, ridings, and places, may and (hall caufe to be levied the fines, penalties, and forfeitures, already incurred, or which acCount, as may be incurred, in purfuance of the faid militia law9, as are thbfc laws in and by the faid laws directed; any thing in this act to the dirett. contrary notwithftanding.

CXLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any fuit Limitation of or fuits, action or actions, (hall be brought or commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this act, the action or actions, fuit or fuits, (hall be commenced within fix calendar months after the fact committed, and not afterwards ; and (hall be laid in the county where fuch action or actions, fuit or fuits, did arife, and not elfewherc; and the defendant or defendants in fuch fuit or fuits, action or General ifliie. actions, to be brought, may plead the general ifliie, and give this act, and the fpecial matter, in evidence: and if the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants in fuch fuit or fuits, action or actions; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall be non-fuited, or difeontinue his or their fuit or fuits, action or actions, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared; or if, upon demurrer, judgment (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs; the defendant or defendants (hall have treble  -

cods, and have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant Trcblccottg-or defendants hath or have in other cafes to recover cofts by law.

CXLVIU. Pro-

( ^.ooQle

15°

This a6l to be in force for 7 years.

Preamble.

Anno fecundo Georgii III.  [1761

CXLVin. Provided always, and be it enadfed by the an thority aforefaid. That this a & (hall continue and be in foro for the fpace of feven years, and from thence to the end of thi then next feffion of parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XXI.

An a£l for pavings cleanfing, and lighting, the fquares, ftreets and lanes, within the city and liberty of Weftminfter3 the parijbes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Bloomsbury, that part c) the parijh of Saint Andrew’s Holbom which lies in the county of Middlefex, the feveral liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that part of the duteby of Lancafter which lies in the county of Middlefex, and for prevent-ing annoyances therein \ and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS the feveral fquares, ftreets, and lanes, within the city and liberty of Weftminfter, the parijh es of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Bloomfbury, that part of the parijh of Saint Andrew Holbom which lies in the county of Middlefex, the feveral liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that part of the dutchy 0/Xancafter which lies in the county of Middlefex, are in general, very ill paved and cleanfed and not duly lighted: and whereas theprefent methods preferib-sd by law for paving, cleanfing, and lighting the faid fquares, ftreets, and lanes, are ineffectual: and whereas it would tend greatly U the benefit and fafety of the inhabitants of the faid fquares, ftreets, and lanes, and of all perfons pajfing through the fame, if the pavements thereof were properly laid and regulated, and the faidfquares, fir ecu, and lanes, kept clean, free from obfiruftions, and annoyances, and duly lighted: may it therefore pleafe your Mqjejly, that it my be enacted ■, and be it enacted, &c. &c.

Commiffioners appointed for carrying this aft into execution —15* or more, at their firlt meeting, to elett by ballot xo other perfous to be alio.

ciated to them in the trulf.-11, or more, giving 14. days notice, may

fill up vacancies occafioned by the death, or refufal to a&,’of any of the commiffioners, except of fuch as are ex officioCommiiTioners holding’ any office, or interelted in any contra# under the truft, are disqualified from aftinv as fuch.——3, or more, are to hold their firft meeting at Wefiminfitw bridge office, on the Thurfday fevennight after palling thea&; and they are then to adjourn, and meet afterwards; as they (hall think proper. On failure of a fuflident number of commiffioners at any meeting to a# and adjourn, the clerk is to appoint another meeting, gif ing to days notice; or, on bis death, neglect or refufal, % commiffioners may appoint one : they are to bear their own exptnccs at all their meetings.— Qualification of commiffioners, joo 1. per annum, or 10,000/. &c.—Penalty toe/, on their acting, if not qualified, and they are to prove their qualification, if profecuted, or pay the penalty. -—* it, or more, at their fecond or any fubfequent meeting may appoint one, or more clerks, treafurers, and receivers 5 and alfo (urveyors $ and fuch other officers as they, or any 7 or more of them, (hall think neceflary ; yaking proper fecurity; ana they may remove them, and appoint others. Rates to be paid to toe yeceivers. Officers, and others, to render an account upon oath, at the timef and in the manner, 7 or more commijlioners (hall difcftj and pay

orcr

1761.1 A.nno fecundo Georgii III.

over the money in their hands to the order of 5 or more commiflioners.— 2 commiflioners may adminifter the oath $ and any perfon refuting to render fuch an account, or to verity the fame, or to produce and deliver up the vouchers, and pay over the ballance, Sec. may be fued, by aftion brought in the names of a or more commiflioners, or complaint may be broagbt againft him before a or more juftices, who are impowered to hear and determine the matter in a fummary way; and to levy by dillrefs and foie the money, that (hall appear to be in fuch perfons hands; and for want of lufecient diftrefs, to commit fuch offender, until he render an account and payment, or (hall compound with 5 or more commiflioners, and hive paid the covnpotition, or delivered up the writings, Sec. 11 or more, commiflioners may appoint officers falaries, and make allowance to fuch

others as have aidecl or aflifted the execution of this aft.---Officers

taking any fee or reward, other than their falaries, for doing their duty, or bemg concerned in intereft in any bargain made by the commiflioners for the purpofes of this aft, are disqualified from ever ferving, 01 being

employed under this aft, and forfeit alfo 100/.--Treafurer to pay over,

from time to time, the monies he receives, as foon as the fame amount to 300 L into the bank, in the name of the commifoioners ; which is to be

difpofed of by an order of 5, or more, of them.--3, or more, commif-

fo»er» are impowered from time to time, to order anv of the publitk fouares, ftreets and lanes, within the (aid city, being thoroughfares for

whed-carriages, See. to be paved, altered, clcanfed, and lighted, Sec.--

and atfo fuch gravel, ffones, and other materials, to be dug out of, or brought into tne fame, and fuch artificers and workmen to be employed, and money iflued ; and all other afts conducive to the defigns of this aft,

to be done, as they (hall think fit.-Claule in the aft 5 Eliz. repealed,

with refpeft to perfons employed in confequence of this aft, in paving, &c. Five, or more, commifsioners may contraft tor the paving, cleanfing, and lighting the fquares and ftreets, See. giving 14. days previous notice for perfons to deliver in propofals. — Contrafters for cleaning the ftreets may, by leave and order of two or more juftices, and making fatis-fiftion, lodge their dirt, for the accommodation of country carts, in fuch

places as (hall not appear to be intended to be built upon.--3, or more,

commiflioners may order all works done in purfuance of this aft, to be infpefted by their furveyor 5 and where any (nail be found not well and duly performed, may fue the contraftors for the penalties ; to be applied for the puTpofes of this aft. —- Agreement between landlord and tenant tooching the paving, lighting, and cleanfing the ftreets, not vacated by this aft; but the rates made by the commifsioners are to be paid in lieu thereof; and all difputes concerning fuch agreements are to be fettled by

5 or more commiflioners.----Commiflioners, or perfons authorized by

them, may infpeft and take copies of the books kept for cleanfing, paving,

or lighting the ftreeta and places in London, Weflminfier, or MiddUfcx.-

Property of all materials for the purpofes of this aft veited in the com-mimoners: 3 may bring aftions, or prefer indiftments againft any perfons who (hall (leal any part thereof; ana perfons wilfully damaging the fame, forfeit for the i ft offence, not exceeding 40 s. nor lefs than 10 8. and for the id and every other offence, not exceeding 31 nor lefs than aos. to be levied by diftrefs and fale; and for want ot diftrefs, the offender to be committed to the houfe of correftion, not exceeding two months, nor lefs

than 10 days. --5 or more commiflioners may fell the old materials, and

apply the money to the purpofes of this aft. — Pavements taken up by the workmen of any of the water companies, are to be repaired by the conmiffioners paviour, at the expence of fuch company ; but where any ot the pipes or plugs (hall be railed, funk, or altered for the purpofes of

this aft, the expences (hall be defrayed out of the rates.-5 or more of

the commiflioners may contraft with the faid companies for relaving fuch pavements.—Pavements taken up by the commiflioners of (ewers are

to be relaid, at their expence, by the commiflioners paviour.-5 or more

conmiflioners may contraft with the commifsioners of fewers for relaying foch pavements.—No alteration to be made in the form of the ftreets, & without the confent of 5 or more commifsioners, on penalty of 5I.

over

>5*

Anno fecundo Georgii III.  [1761

over and above all expences of re-inftating the feme.-5,000!. to be iflue

and applied out of the aids granted to his Majefty for the fervice of th year 1761, to be paid to 5 or more commifsioners, or to their order, an

applied in new paving .l.„ faid fquares, ftreets, and lanes.-Receiver t

account quarterly to the commifsioners, copies of the faid accounts, andc the proceedings of the commifsioners, to be delivered in every iefcions t

parliament, within 30 days after the opening.---Penalty of laying afb<

or other annoyances in the ftreets, before the fcav&nger comes to can-away the fame, is for the ill offence «s. for the ad 10 s. and for the 3

and every other offence 10 s.---Obftruftion, nuifencc, or incroachmen

occafioned by fetting out any carriages, timber, or other material, matter or thing in the ilreets, See. or by carts. See. fuffered to remain kmge therein than is neceflary for the loading or unloading thereof, may be re moved, by order of 3 commifsioners upon complaint thereof, at the charge

of the offender, he paying moreover a fum not exceeding 40 s.-------N<

inclofure for building or repairing houfes, to be made in any of the Ilreets, Sec. which (hall be compleated by virtue of this a ft, without the confent of 3 or more commifsioners, on penalty of forfeiting, not exceed, ing so s. for every 11 hours fuch nuifance (hall remain. - ■ A rate, not exceeding 1 s. 6d. in the pound to be made on all houfes, dec. by 5 or snore commifsioners, half yearly or oftener, for defraying the expences of paving, repairing, deanfmg, and lighting the ftreets, to be afeertained by the poor-rate of the refpeftive parimes, and to be paid quarterly.--Re-

ceivers authorized by an order of 3 or more commifsioners, may infped the parifh books concerning their poor’s-rate 3 and take copies thereof.—■ Where houfes are lett out in lodgings to divers tenants, the owners are to be alTefTed j but the rate may be levied on the occupiers, which is to be

allowed them in their rent.-----Where houfes. See. (hall be empty, untc-

nanted or unoccupied, the owners are to be charged with one half of tbe faid rates, and the premifTes are to remain a fecunty for the arrears. —• Where houfes, See. are occupied by foreign minifters, or others not liable by law to pay the rates, the owners are to pay the fame 3 and the premilTcrs to remain a fecurity for the arrears; and an aftion may be brought

againft the owner.-----Tenants and occupiers are to pay the rates, and

deduft the proportion paid on account of the owner or proprietor out of

their rent.----All publick buildings, dead walls, ana void fpaces of

ground to be rated by the fquare yard.---The rates for parifti churches,

chapels, and church-yards, to be paid by the church or chapel-wardens;

and for other places, by the refpeftive proprietors.---Where the rates

(ball not be paid within 10 days after demand, the receiver by warrant of two juilices, with the afsiftance of a conftable, may levy the feme, with a/J

charges, by diftrefs and fale.--All the monies railed and appropriated

by this aft are veiled in the commifsioners, to be applied for the purpofes of the aft only.——Penalties and forfeiture* in general to be levied bv diftrefs and fale, by warrant of a juftice, and to be paid to the comrr.il-(ioners treafurer.—-Ballance of money received, and not paid over at the time of the receiver’s death, is to be paid by the execotors of the deceaftd's eftate 3 and the receipt of 3 or more comraillioners is a fufficient difeharee for the feme; but on nonpayment within si days after demanded, tbe treafurer may fue the executors.**—Where perfons (hall quit their houfes, See. before they have paid the rates, the receiver by warrant of a juftices for Middlefrx, or city and liberty of Wcflminflcr, (the lame being firll backed by feme roagiftrate for the place, where the diftrefs is to be made) may levy the rates, and all charges by diftrefs and fale.—No rate to be made upon any place, till the pavement is compleated 3 and all contrafti before made (except between landlord and tenant) for paving, cleinfing, or lighting the ftreets are then to ceafe. Perfons paying to thefe rates am exempted from all other charges and penalties on account thereof.—As (bon as any rate (hall be made by virtue of this aft, tbe owners or occupiers of houfes, See. aflefied thereto, are difebarged from payment of like

rates made in purfuance of former afts.------Inhabitants of St Jams't

Square, being included in an aft of ix Gee. II. Uneolns btn Fields, in an aft Qt 2 Geo, II, and Golden Square, in an aft of 24 Gw. II. are exempted out of

176iJ  Anno fecundo G£orgii III. 15j

this aft.—This aft not to extend to fuch parts of ftreets, &c. as are already dirtied to be paved, lighted, or clean fed, by any road aft $ nor to titans Yard, and places adjoining to the fouth and weft doors of Wefiminfitr

ithejf.-Seven or more commifsioners may make a new pafiage, or

dden the old one, from Drury Lane into Great Queen Street, at the Devil's tie}] and purcliafe houfes ana ground for that purpofe, &c. not exceeding \ in number; and if they make a new one, may inclofe and fell the old ullage for building upon j and may pave, repair, and cleanfe the fame, in like manner as the fquares and ftreets, See. before mentioned. — No part of the rate, or money granted by parliament, to be applied in the pirchafe of the faid houfes or ground. — Perfons aggrieved, where no «her method of relief is appointed, may appeal to the quarter fefsions within three months; giving is days notice of fuch appeal to the clerk or treafiirer, and entering into recognizance, with fecurity, to try the fame, fcc. juftices to determine fuch appeal in a fummary way, ?nd awar£ colls.—Diftrefs not to be deemed unlawful, nor the party making it a trefpafler, for want of form in the proceedings; nor the party diftraining

2 trefpafler ab initio, on account of any fubfequent irregularity.-Party

to recover full fatisfaftion only for the damage, in an aftion on the cafe: but where fufRcient tender /hall have been made, before the adlion brought, the plaintiff is not to recover. Defendant, with leave, may pay money

into court, See.-Contrafts and other writings not chargeable with any

duty.---Orders and proceedings of the commifsioners to be entered in

books, and figned by the clerk j which may be produced and read in evidence.---No aft of the commifsioners valid, unlefs done at a publicly

meeting.--Proceedings againft offenders not liable to be quafned for

want of form; or removeable by certiorari. Limitation of aftions. General iflue. Treble cofts.

CAP. XXII.

An aft for the keeping regular, uniform,, and annual re-pfters, of all parijh poor infants under a certain age9 within the hills of mortality.

WHEREAS the keeping regular, uniform, and annual regi- Preamble.

Jlers, of all parijb poor infants under four years of age, within the bills of mortality, may be a means of preferring the lives if ftuh infants ; may it therefore pleafe your Maje/fy, that it may A regifter It enacted; and be it enafted by the King’s mod excellentbook-** Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri- ]j!^™ tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affem- by ijulj, 9 bled, and by the authority of the fame, That the church- 176a > wardens and overfeers of the poor of every parifh within the bills of mortality, or fome one or more of them, (hall, on or before the firft day of Julyy in the prefent year one thoufand Tliat for any (evenhundred and fixty two, provide, or caufe to be provided, ^there Ua" at the expence of their refpective parifh, one book of royal paper; workhoufe, and the book belonging to fuch refpective parifli wherein there See. is to be is or fhall be any workhoufe, hofpital, or other houfe or place ™lcd and provided for the maintenance of the poor, fhall, in every page,  n-

be ruled with diftinct columns, and the title of each column according to fhall be wrote or printed in fuch page, agreeable to the fche- the annexed dulc hereunto annexed, marked (A) 5 and the book belonging fchedule to each refpective parifh wherein there is not, nor (hall be, any  h  "

fuch work-houfe, hofpital-houfe, or place, fhall in every page, there isnofuch be ruled with diftinct columns, and the title of each column workhoufe, fhall be wrote or printed in fuch page, agreeable to the fchedule &c. according

*»««■>>  <B>.

VjOO^Ic

15+  Anno  fecundo Georgii III.  [  1761

All infants IJ. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Thi the faid churchwardens and overfeers of the poor, or fome on inany or more them, (hall enter, or caufe to be entered,in the bool fuch work- J belonging to their refpective parifh, and provided in purfuano houfe, See. of this act, all the infants under the age of four years, whicl or under the on ^jjC (aid firft day of July^ lhall be in the workhoufe or work church war-  houfes, hofpital or holpitals, or other houfe or houfes, place o;

dens orover- places, provided for the maintenance of the poor of each parift feers of the refpectively, or under the care of the faid churchwardens or overly °*\thc of the poor, with the times when they were received, theiz flwdljbieitter’d namcs» age> an^ whatever defeription relates to them as far as therein agree- can be traced, being agreeable to the fchedules annexed, able to the faid  III. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That from

Schedules * and after the firft day of July, all infants under the age of as (hall alfo all four years, who (hall be brought to any work-houfe, or hof~ S!dlS|UneCr P*ta* -houfe, or place provided for the maintenance of the poor, which ftudfbe or be under the care of the faid churchwardens or overfeers of brought tothe the poor in their refpective parifhes, or any of them, (hall be, workhoufe, by the faid churchwardens or overfeers or the poor, or fome Se^c-ire of one or morc t^lem> or by the direction or command of fome the church- one or more °f them, entered regularly in the book aforefaid, wardens, after with the times of their admittance, and all circumftances re-the faid day. lating to them, agreeable to the titles and heads of the columns in the faid fchedules mentioned and fet forth.

The firft an- IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, nualregifteris That the firft annual regifter hereby intended and directed to on thTlkid? kept, commence on the faid firft day of July, and (hall July9 cnd end on the thirty firft day of December enfuing ; and, after that on 31 Dec. en- time, the faid annual regiftcr (hall commence the firft day of femgi and^ January, and end the thirty firft day of December following.

commence on x Jan. and end on 31 Dec. following.

At the expi- V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That ration of each after the expiration of each year, the names of all the infants year, all in- unjer four years of age, then living and regiftered in the faid atetafoi^faide annua^ regifters, and not difeharged from being under the care then living of the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor, lhall be tranf-and regifter’d, ferred to the regifters for the year enfuing, under their proper and not dif- dates of reception, and under the defeription in which they be translerr’d ^anc* *n preceding regifters, previous to any further entTy; to the regilter fo that each annual regifter (hall contain a full and diftinct re-fortheenfuing gifter of the whole number of infants under the age above-men-year, previous tioned, under the care of the parilh at that time, as well as the entry** *UIthcr children received under the faid age, in the current year, with-y *  out being intermixed or blended with the deaths or difeharges

of any in the preceding years, and be figned VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid annual regifters, and every of them, (hall be figned within thirty days after the expiration of each refpective year, by the veftry, or any five of them, and by the churchwardens, overfeers* veftry clerk, and matter of the woik-houfe, for thp tufif tyjing j ^d wh?rj ^erg is no veftry

 ^

by the veftry churchwardens, overfeers, veftry clerk, and

1761.] Anno feeundo Georgii III.  155

or veftry clerk, by the churchwardens, overfeers, and mafter mafter of the of the workhoufe ; and where there is no mafter of the work- ^rc tlwe houfe, by the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor.  m

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Infantsrccciv^ That in cafe any infant is received into the workhoufe, or ed before bap-under the care of the faid churchwardens or overfeers of the tized, or poor, before the faid infant is baptized, or known to be bap-tized, due care (hall be taken to baptize the fame within four- baptizedwith-teen days after the reception of fuch infant, fo that the chrif- in 14 days tian and the true furname, if known, and if not known, a fur* after ; name to be given by the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor, ?nd be named, or any one of them, be regularly entered in the faid book; and by”hechurch-the name and furname of fuch infant (hall alfo be regiftered wardens and in the parifh regifter of fuch parifh : and in cafe of a difficulty overfeers and of diftinguifhing children, fome proper mark lhall be affixed "gifter’d ac-to the child’s cloaths, or hung round his or her neck.  and they may

be diftinguithed by affixing fome mark to them.

Vni. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Children That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued whole parents to extend, to fuch children whofe parents receive money receive money from the parifh in aid of the maintenance and fupport of H^towards" fuch children, they not being in the workhoufe or other parifh their fupport, houfe.  are no tine] ud-

IX.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, cc* mtheatf. That a copy of the faid regifter wrote up, from time to time, c°P3f °f.thc (hall, every month, be laid by the veftry clerk, or other perfon bHnid month-appointed for that purpofe, before the refpedtive veftries, or other iy before the parochial meetings afiemblcd in veftry, that the fame may be veitiy $ revifed by them.

X.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That and at the end

the faid copy of the regifter being compleatcd at the end of the of every year,

year, (hall be depofited in the veftry room, or other place ofa coW *he J  ,  . r  .  .  J  r  t  r  r  «  r n year to be de-

parochial meetings, to remain there for the ufe of the veftry- jn tbe

men, or other parochial meetings.  veftry room $

XI.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, and the origi*

That the original regifter book fhall remain and be carefully nal is to be preserved and kept with the reft of the parilh books in the hands preferved with of the parifh officers for the time being. .  boolwT

XII.  And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, and f’nccj co-That all the refpeftive parifhes within the bills of mortality pies ot the fe-

Sf the hand of their veftry clerk, or, where there is no veftry veralregifters erk, by the hands of the churchwardens, or one of them, *?r tlie (hall, on or before the fifteenth day of February in every year, ^tefbe dedeliver fair copies of their refpective regifters of children under liveredyearly the age of four years, (igned in manner hereby directed, into by 15 Feb* to the hands of the clerk of the mafter, wardens, and court of tJje c*erk ot afliftants of the company of parifh clerks, or fuch perfon as the [ faid mafter, wardens, arid court of afliftants of the faid company clerks \

(hall appoint, he returning a receipt for the fame figned by himielt. tor which he

XIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,*3 to give a That the laid clerk^ or otl^er perfon appointed by the faid

tahe^a°copie|

VjOO^IC

»56

to be bound up in alphabetical orderj

and make out from thence one general abftraft, by »5 March, yearly j and depofit the faia ab-ftratt bound up with the remitters, with the mailer and war-. dens of the •ompany; and be is to print the faid ab fir aft, and deliver 6 copies thereof, for the ufe of each parifh, to the refpeftive

for all which he is to be paid by each luch veftry clerk, or churchwarden, on delivery of the fa.vl copies,

15 s. patting a reaeipt for the fame.

Churchwardens and other? neglecting their duty in the premises, forfeit to the informer 40 s. for every offence ,

to be recovered by dillrefs and fate, by warrant of a Juflice.

Anno fccundo Georgii III.  £17*

mafter, wardens, and court of afliftants of the faid compaj (hall receive the faid copies of regifters, and caufe the fame to bound in a book, collecting and ranging together the regifters the ninety feven pariihes within the wails of the city ot Land thofe of the feven teen parifhes without the walls of the city London, thofe of the twenty three parifhes in MiddUfex a Surrey, and thofe of the ten parifhes in the city and liberty tVeJlminJlery in alphabetical order; and in this order he fha on or before the twenty fifth day of March in every year, ma out, or caufe to be made out, one general abftract of the fan

XIV.  And be it further enacted by the authority afbrefai That the faid regifters of the refpective parifhes, together wi the faid general abftract, being bound in a book togethc (hall remain depofited in the hands and cuftody of the fa mafter, wardens, and court of aftiftants of the faid company parifh clerks.

XV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaii That the faid clerk, or other perfon appointed by the fai mafter, wardens, and court of afliftants of the faid company < parifh clerks, lhall print, or caufe to be printed, the laid ge neral abftract, and deliver fix copies thereof to every veftry clerk or to one of the churchwardens, of all the refpective parifhe within the bills of mortality, for the ufe of the parifhioners an parifh officers.

veftry clerks or churchwardens 5

XVI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid That for and in confideration of the expence and trouble of re ceiving the faid copies of regifters, making an exact abftrac thereof, binding the regifters and abftracts in a book to remaii as a depofitary of the fame, printing the general abftract diftributing the copies thereof, with other contingent ex pences relating to the fame, each parifh, fhall, by the hand of the veftry clerk or churchwarden, pay into the hands of th< clerk or other perfon appointed by the faid mafter, wardens and court of afliftants or the faid company of parifh clerks, th< fum of fifteen fhillings at the time the faid copies of regiften are delivered to him, he pafling a receipt for the fame.

XVII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid That if any churchwarden, overfeer of the poor, veftrymar^ clerk of the veftry, mafter of the workhoufe, mafter or warden of fuch company of parifh clerks, or any clerk of fuch company, or any other perfon or perfons, fhall neglect his duty as directed in and by this act, fuch churchwarden, overfeer ot the poor, clerk of the veftry, or mafter of the workhoufe, maftet or warden of fuch company of parifh clerks, or fuch clerk of fuch company, perfon or perfons, (hall, for every offence, forfeit and pay to the informer the fum of forty millings; to be recovered before any one of his Majeftv*s juftices of the peace, and to be levied by aiftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the offender, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice before whom the fame (ball be recovered, directed to any conftable or other peace officer.

  glANNUAL

f

i

I

I

I

i

y

1  -  -  nu  accordingttp

mi Jhipping and navigation; and in the fame manner as aft t % CWF iay be imported from Europe into New England and New- and wi, by an a6i made iq the fifteenth year of .the reign of 2inn€?

•I. XXv.  M  the  "!?

G( f^Ie

ANNUAL REGISTER of the PARISH of

Name of the Child.  If a Foundling, mark F If a Ballard - - - - B  A

If a Cafualty     C  

If the lame Child is  reputed. Years Y

taken a Second Time,  

mark the Second Entry  Months M

of the Name .... a If a Third Time - - 3 Ur.  Days D

If bororPiflf the W,

houfe,Vkce.

1

*

i

ed by diltrefs and Tale, by warrant of a juitice.

... I .  !  :  i

recovered before any one oi ms majeuy s j and to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the g the offender, by virtue of a warrant under fuch juftice before whom the fame (haU b to any conftable or other peace officer.

* 76i-1

Anno fecundo Georgii III.

tit

CAP. XXIII.

An a£l to indemnify fuch as have omitted to qualify  *

/elves for offices and employments., and to indemnify jujlices

of the peace, deputy  lieutenants, and officers of the  ,

or  others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their

qualifications within the time limited by , for

giving further time for thofe purpofes; andfor the making

and filing of affidavits of articles of  .

PREAMBLE, reciting the Qualifying afts of i Geo. I. 13 Car. II. *5 Car. II. 30 Car. II. iS Geo. II. 30 Geo. II. and 31 Geo. II. further time to the 1% Nov. 176*, allowed to perfons who have omitted to qualify them* felves as the laid laws direft.-Perfons qualifying themfelves in manner, and within the time appointed, recapacitated and indemnified.-*

Offices, Uc. already voided by judgment of a court, and filled up, confirmed.---None indemnified, where final judgment hath been given for

the penalty incurred.—-Further time to the iS Nov. 1761, allowed for making and filing affidavits of elerkfixip, omitted to be made and filed in due time.

GAP. XXIV.

An aft for importing fait from Europe into the colony of Nova Scotia in America.

WHEREAS doubts have arilen% whether his Maiejly's

jefts may lawfully import fait directly from any foreign port in Europe into the colony of Nova Scotia in America for the ufe of the fijhery there, in like manner as is allowed for the fifheries of New England and Newfoundland, by virtue of an act of parliament made in the fifteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second: and whereas very conjiderable eftablijhments have lately been made in the fiaid colony byfijhermen from different parts of his Maiejifs dominionj, with a view to carry on the fijhery upon the adjacent banks; jn order therefore to remove fuch doubts as aforefiaidy and for the encouragement of Jo valuable a branch of the commerce of hit Majeftfs fubjectSy which was one principal object of the fetttement of this colony, and of the encouragement given by parliament for the fupport of fuch fettfementy May it pleafie your moji excellent Majejly that it may be enacted j and be it enadted by the King’s moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the froth and aflee lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent 1 July, i7$».

fiarliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame,- That fait may be irom arid after the firft day of July, one thouftnd feven hun-dred and fixtv two, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any fabjefts from of his Majelty’s fubjedts to carry and import fait from any part any part of of Europe into the colony of Nova Scotia in America, in Britijh Europe into (hips and veffels, manned and navigated according to the adt ^°ZaS^ttdr of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of King fci8> navigated Charles the Second, intituled. An act for the encouraging and according to increafing of Jhipping and navigation; and in the fame manner as aft Car. II, fait may be imported from Europe into New England and New- and in li,ce foundlandy by an adi made in the fifteenth ye^r of .the reign of ^mVy be V01. XXV.  M  the  7

'

16z  Anno fecundo Georgii III. [1761.

imported from the faid King Charles the Second, intituled. An act for the cn-couragement of trade ; any law, ftatute, ufage, or cuftom to the ^wtxgkma, contrary jn any wife notwithilanding.

'  CAP.  XXV.

An aS for naturalizing fucb foreign frotefiants as have ferved* or Jhall ferve for the time therein mentioned, as officers or foldiers in bis Majeftfs royal American regiment y or as engineers in America.

Preamble, TX7HEREAS by an act made in the thirteenth year of the reign reciting acts V V of his late Majejly King George the Second* intituled* 44 An 13 Geo. II, 44 act for naturalizing fuch foreign protejlants* and others therein 44 mentioned* as are fettled* or Jhall fettle* in any of his Majeftfs 44 colonies in America all perfons bom out of the legiance of his Majejly* his heirs* and fucccjfors* who Jhall have inhabited and re-fided* or Jhall inhabit or rejide* for the fpace of [even years* or more, in any of his Majeftfs colonies in America, or Jbau not have been abfent out of the faid colonies* for a longer fpace than two months at any one time during the faid feven years* are* upon the conditions preferred by the faid act* naturalized and made partakers of au the benefits and privileges which the natural-born /objects of this realm do enjoy* other than fuch as are fpecified in a provifo in the faid act contained: and whereas commiffions have been granted to a certain number of foreign protejlants %n America, in purfuance of a power and »$Geo. II. g{vin by a JubfequenO act of the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late Majejly King George the fecond* intituled* 44 An act to enable 44 his Majejly to grant commiffions to a certain number of foreign pro-44 tejlants* who have ferved aboard as officers or engineers* to act and 44 rank as officers or engineers in America only* under certain refiric-44 tions and qualifications fwhich faid officers have been very ufeful to his Majeftfs Jervice* by the raijrng of a great number of men* and training them to difcipline as foldiers: and whereas feveral of the faid officers* fmee the pajftng of the above recited acts* have purchafed ejlates in America, by which* as well as by their faithfulfervices, they have given theftrongeft afj'urances of their attachment and fidelity to his Majeftfs government: and whereas it is juft to reward the pajl fervices of the faid officers and foldiers* and to give encouragement for their future good conduct * and it is likewife expedient to add inducements to fuch foreign protejlants as have fettled* or may hereafter fettle* in America, to engage in his Majejlfs fervice * be it therefore enadted by the King’s moll excellent Majefty, by and Foreign pro- ’with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, teftants terv- and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the higin ti|C . authority of the fame. That all fuch foreign proteftants, as well r^reriment °®cers as foldiers, who have ferved, or fhall hereafter ferve, or as engineers m the royal American regiment, or as engineers in America* for In America, for the fpace of two years, and (hall take and fubferibe the oaths, the fpace of % and make, repeat, and fubferibe the declaration appointed by yca!Vnd an a<^ ma<*e m Ac' firft year of the reign of his'Majefty King themftlves ai George the Firft, intituled, An act for the further fecurity of his the actiGeo*!’  Majejly*s

tySi.]  Anno fecundo Georgii III.  163

Afajeftys perfon and government, and the fucceffton of the crown in the heirs of tie late princefs Sophia, being proteflants \ and for ex-tinguijhing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, his open and Jecret abettors; and (hall, at the time of fubfcribing thefaid oaths, and making, repeating, and fubfcribing the faid declaration, produce certificates, figned in manner diredfced by the above recited adt of the thirteenth of his late Majefty, of their having andprodudng received the facrament in feme proteftant and reformed con- certificates ot gregation within the kingdom of Great Britain, or within fome tbei^ of the faid colonies in America, within fix months before that raiment in time, (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, his Ma- fome proteft-jefty*s natural-bom fubjedts of this kingdom, to all intents, ant church, conftrudtions, and purpofes, as if they, and every of them, hid to ** been or were bom within this kingdom ; and that no eftates,  .rn

of what nature or kind ibever, purchafed by them, or any of and a 1 pur-them, in any of his Majefty’s colonies in Americay fince the chafes made palling of the above recited adt of the twenty ninth year of the bY thcJ® fince reign of his faid late Maiefty, (hall be liable to feizure into the a^ao Geo.II. hands of his Majefty, his heirs, or fucceffors, or their titles decided to be thereto be otherwife impeached by reafon of their having been valid, aliens at the time of their making the faid purchafes; the above recited adts, or any other ftatute, law, or thing whatfoever to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.  Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority None arc to be

aforefaid, That nothing in this adt contained (hall extend, or deemed natu-be conftrued to extend, to naturalize any perfon or perfons ralized by this whatfoever, who, by virtue of an adt maae in the fourth year act» wll°i by of the reign of his late Majefty King George the Firft (intituled, dedared’ An aft to explain a claufe in an act made in the feventh year of the not to inti-reign of her late Majejly £)ueen Anne, for naturalizing foreign tuled to the proteflantSy which relates to the children of natural-born fubjccts of benefit of the the crown ^England, or of Great Britain) are declared and  £***•

enadted not to be intituled to the benefit of the faid adt of the

feventh year of her faid Majefty’s reign ; but that all fuch perfons (hall be and remain in the fame ftate, plight, and condition, to all intents, conftrudtions, and purpofes whatfoever, as they would have been in if this adt had never been made ; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife not-withftanding.

III.  Provided alfo, and be it further enadted. That no per-  natu-

fon who (hall become a natural-born fubjedt of this kingdom ra!ized by this by virtue of this adt, (hall be thereby enabled to be of the privy act, not there-council, or a member of either houfe of parliament, or to be by capable of capable of taking, having, or enjoying, any office or place of

truft within the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, either civil members of or military; or of having, accepting, or taking any grant from either houfe the crown to himfelf, or to any other in truft for him, of any of parliament lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within the kingdoms afore-laid; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any °n Q^t 9 wife notwithftanding.  § tam ox Inland,

Ma

CAP,

* cyooQLe

164

Anno lecundo Georgii III.

[i7€j

Preamble.

From and after the *4june, *1761, perfons tiling, letting out to hire, lending, or navigating, &c. bum boats, or other boats.

CAP. XXVI.

An a£l for allowing further time for inrollments of deeds wills made by papijlsi and for relief of protefiant chafers.

PREAMBLE reciting the a6b 3 Geo, I. — 10 Geo, I.--and 3, j

it, is, 16, x^Geo. II. *6 Geo, II. *8 Geo. II. — 31 Geo. II. anef 5 Geo, II. further time given for inrolling deeds and wills of papiib, tdl 05c!

December, 1761.-No deed, will, or leafe, made good hereby, trheaneo

advantage has been taken of the non-inrollment thereof, before sjtk IXf

eember% 1761.--Purchafes made by protellants (hall (land good, if ra

advantage has been taken for non^inrollment.-No grant, leafe, a

mortgage, of the advowfon, or right of prefentation to a living. See made by any papift in trull, See, to be hereby deemed good.

CAP. XXVII.

An ail far enabling the judges of the court of feffion in Scotland to make an adjournment of the faid court far, jucb time, betwixt the twentieth day 0/December and the fifteenth day of January, yearly, as they Jhalljudge mofi convenient, not exceeding twenty days.

CAP. XXVIII.

An ail to prevent the committing of thefts and frauds by perfons navigating bum boats, and other boats, upon the river Thames.

WHEREAS many ill-difpofed perfons, ufmg and navigating upon the river Thames certain boats commonly called bum boats, and other veffels, under pretence of felling liquors of different forts \ and alfo fops, tobacco, brooms, fruit, greens, gingerbread and other juch-like ware and things, to and amongfl the fearners and labourers employed in and about fhips, veffels, and other craft there, do frequently take occafton to cut, damage, and fpoil the cordage, cables, buoys, and buoy ropes, and the headfafts and other■ fafls belonging to fuck fhips, veffels, and craft, and fraduUntty carry away the fame \ likewife encourage fuch Jeamen and labourer# to difpofe of Juch cordage, cables, and buoys, and fuch goods, merchandizes, materials, and Jlores, fecretly and unlawfullyv whereby great Ioffes are fujlained by merchants, and owners of fuch fhibs, veffels, and other craft, in the faid river: for remedy whereof, be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent Majefty,. by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the , twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two, if any perfon or perfons (hall ufe, lett out to hire, lend, or navigate, or (hall be aiding or affiftingin ufingor navigating upon the faid river, any bum boat, or other boat, for the purpofe of felling, bartering, exchanging, or expofing to fale, to and amongft the feamen and labourers employed in and about (hips, veffels, and other craft, any liquors, flops, tobacco.

ooQle

1761.] Anno fecundo Georg 11 III.

co, brooms, or any fruit, greens, gingerbread, or other fuch-like ware; or (hall fell, barter, exchange, or expofe to fale as aforefaid, any fort of liquor, or any flops, tobacco, brooms, or any fniit, greens, gingerbread, or other fuch-like ware or things in, from, or out of^ any bum boat, or other boat (other than and except fuch bum boats and other boats and veflels, as (hall be entered in the office of the mailer, wardens, and af-(iftants of the guild, fraternity, or brotherhood, of the moll glorious and undivided Trinity, and of Saint Clement in the pa-ri(h of Deptford Strond in the county of Kent, in manner herein after mentioned, and (hall be ufed and navigated for the purpofes aforefaid, in the day-time, between fun-rifing and fun-fetting only) or if any perfon or perfons (hall take in exchange, or by way of barter, or (hall unlawfully receive, or procure to be delivered to them, any ropes, cordage, tackle, apparel, furniture, (lores, materials, or any part of any cargo or loading of any (hips or veflels in the faid river, all and every fuch perfon or perfons refpecflively (hall, upon conviilion thereof before any juftice or juftices of the peace of and within any county, city, di-vifion, liberty, or place adjoining to the faid river, upon the oath of one or more credible perfon or perfons, be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor; and it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons to apprehend and detain all perfons then on board fuch boat, and alfo to feize, fearch, and detain, in fome place of (afety, fuch boat, and the tackle, apparel, and furniture, and loading thereof; and the perfon and perfons fo apprehended (hall be (as foon as conveniently may be) conveyed before fuch juftice or juftices of the peace as aforefaid; and fuch boat, with the faid tackle, apparel, furniture, and loading thereof, (hall, upon fuch conviction as aforefaid, be forfeited and difpofed of as is herein after mentioned.

(ons conveyed before a juftice; and the boat, with her furniture and fuch conviction (hall be forfeited.

*6$

on the river, for the pur-pofe of felling liquors, Hops, tobacco, brooms, gingerbread, or garden ware,

except filch boats as (hall be entered at the office of the Trinity houfe, See, and perfons taking in exchange, or by way of barter, or unlawfully receiving, JUc, any ropes, cordage, goods, floors# or merchandize, of veffel* in the river; being convicted before a juftice (hall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor $ and the boat, with thofe on board, may be feized and fearch ed, and the per- • lading, upon

II. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two, every bum boat, or other boat whatfo-ever, ufed and navigated for the purpofes aforefaid, upon the (aid river between London Bridge and the Lower Hope Point, (hall be entered by the owner or owners thereof with the mafter, wardens, and afliftants at their office at the Trinity houfe, in Water Lane, London, fpecifying the name or names, and place or places of abode of fuch owner or owners; to the intent that the faid mafter, wardens, and afliftants may regifter every fuch entry, and deliver in writing to fuch owner or owners a number to be marked on one or more part or parts of every fuch bum boat, or other boat; and every fuch owner or owners (hall caufe the number fo delivered to be forthwith marked, together with his, her, or their chriftian and furname or names, and place or places of abode, upon fuch part or parts of the faid boat fo entered as aforefaid, in fuch manner as the faid mafter, wardens, and afliftants (hall, from time to time, diredl

M 3  and

Bum boats# and others, ufed upon the river for the purpofes a-torefaid, are to be entered by the owners'at the office of the Trinity houfe in Water Lane, and a number thereupon is to be given them,

to be marked# with their chriftian and fumames and place of '

abode# on

•ogle

166

the fa id boats, as the Triiut]

company direct.

A frdh entry is to be made, and eveiy thing elfe to be done, as above dire&-ed, by the new owner, every time the property of inch boat

Anno fecundo Georgii III. [i 761^

and appoint, in purfuance of the authorities and directions herein after given for that purpofe.

III. Provided alfo, That every time, and fo often as the property of any fuch bum boat, or other boat, (hall be varied or altered, the new owner or owners (hall forthwith make a frefh entry of the fame, and caufe the number delivered in pur-fuance thereof to be marked on the faid boat, together with his, her, or their chriftian and fumame or names, and place or places of abode, upon fuch part or parts of the faid boat, and in like manner as is herein before directed, at the firft entering of any fuch boat.

(hall be altered.

The faid com- IV. And be it further .enacted. That the faid matter, war-pany is to re- dens, and aftittants, (hall, and they are hereby impowered and ctfter all foch re(luired» to receive and remitter every fuch entry in a book or entries, and roll t0 provided and kept tor that purpofe, and to deliver out a deliver out  number, in writing, to fuch owner or owners, to be marked

numbers to  on Gne or more part or parts of fuch boat, in fuch manner as

tte™ oats °n ** direCled and appointed in purfuance of this a<£i; for the upon being  regiftering which entry, and delivering out fuch number,  the

paid 5s.for  fum of five (hillings (hall be paid, and no more; and the  faid

th* lamc > matter, wardens, and afliftants, are hereby authorized and im-to make *** Powere(^ t0 *ake and receive the fame, and, from time to time, orders, &c. t0 ma^c fuch orders, rules, and regulations, as they (hall think for afeertain- requifite and proper, for the afeertaining the pan or parts of ing the man- fuch boat on which the faid number, and the names and place the numbed or P'aces a^e the owner or owners thereof, (hall be and tlie  marked, and in what manner, and of what dimensions  the

names and  figure or figures and letters, compofing fuch number,  and

abode of the  names and place or places of abode, (hall be made, and  how

owners, areto t^e fame (h*]] ^ from tjmc to time, renewed, and kept fair the^boa/and and legible; and* that all fuch orders, rules, and regulations, on what*part after one publication thereof in the London gazette, and printed thereof the copies of the fame being affixed at Iron Gate, the Hermitage, Ex-fame (hall be ecut\cn Doeky Sbadwell Dock, Rotherbithe Old Stairs, Deptford, andhowre- R&dcliffe Crofe, and Blackball, fhaJl be obferved by, and bind-newed, and ing upon, every owner and owners of fuch boats fo entered as kept legible$ aforefaid. which after

publication in the London gazette, and copies thereof affixed at the proper places, (hall be obferved by the owners of fuch boats.

The ma/ler and wardens of the faid company, or pjrfons deputed by them,

.alfo all owners or matters

of vefTels in the river, or perfons au-

V. And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid matter, wardens, and aflittants, or fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall from time to time depute and appoint under the feal ot their corporation, and for all owners or matters of (hips or veflels, either in whole or in part, in the faid river refpeCtively, or for fuch perfon and perfons as the faid owners and matters, or any feven or more of them, by writing under their hands and feals, (hall, for that purpofe, nominate, depute, and appoint (and which it (hall be lawful for them, from time to time, tp do) at anytime or times from

and

t^-ooQle

Anno fecursdo Georoii III.

iSy

and after the twenty fourth day of Jtuu> one thoufand (evert thorized by 7 hundred and fixty two, to flop, fearch, and detain, in feme morc place of fafety, any boat, which there (hall be reafon to fufpedt mayftop and pas any ropes. Cordage, tackle, apparel, furniture, (lores, ma- fearch any terials, or any part of any cargo or lading, ftolen, or unlawful- boat fu(pe<$l-ly procured, from or out of any (hip or veflel in the faid river ; cd to havc . and alfo to apprehend and detain, or caufe to be apprehended ia^res°orSoa-nCt and detained, any perfon or perfons who may be reafonably thcr mate-fufpe&ed of having or conveying any fuch goods, (lores, or rials, &c. things, in fuch boat; and ftich perfon or perfons fo apprehend- or un* ded, (hall be (as foon as conveniently may be) conveyed be-fore one or more juftke or juftices of the peace for any county, out of veffels city, divifion, liberty, or place, adjoining to the faid river: in the river ; and if fuch perfon or perfons (hall not produce the party or par- and carnr the ties, from whom he, (he, or they, bought or received fuch j^cdofbe-merchandizes, goods, (lores, or things, aforefaid, or fome ere- jng concerned dible perfon to depofe, upon oath, the (ale or delivery thereof, therein before or (hall not give an account to the fatisfadlion of fuch juftice or a juftices, how he, (he, or they, came by the fame; that then  fatif-

the faid perfon or perfons fo apprehended (hall be deemed and  ac_

adjudged guilty of a mifdemeanor; and fuch boat, with her count how tackle, apparel, furniture, and loading, (hall, upon fuch con- tb*y came by viftion, be forfeited and difpofed of as is herein after diredled. Scj^udgSl guilty of a mifdemeanor $ and the boat and loading, &c. (hall be forfeited.

VI. And be it further ena<5ted by the authority aforefaid, Conftables

That every conftable, headborough, and beadle, and every and beadles

watchman (during fuch time as he (hall be on duty) of every and watch*

parifh and place where he (hall be an officer, (hall and may ap- duty,'may °n

prehend and detain, or caufe to be apprehended and detained, feize’all ropes,

all and every perfon and perfons, who may reafonably be fuf- (lores,or other

pedled of having or carrying, or anyways conveying, any ropes, fiifpe<5l-

cordage, tackle, apparel, furniture, (lores, materials, or any ^nla^

part of any cargo or lading, ftolen or unlawfully procured from procured from

or out of any (hip or veflel in the (aid river Thames, and alfo (hall out of veflels

and may feize and detain in fome place of fafety fuch merchan- in the river,

dizes, goods, (lores, and things aforefaid, and (hall, as foon anr('onso)n^C

as conveniently may be, convey, or caufe the perfon or perfons «rned\here-

fo apprehended to be conveyed before any one or more juftice in before a

Or juftices of the peace, for any county, city, divifion, liberty, juftice,

or place, adjoining to the faid river; and iffuch perfon or per- aj^nthey,rn ^

fons (hall not produce the party or parties from whom he, (he, ac?tl *

or they, bought or received the fame, or fome credible perfon, count how

to depofe upon oath the fale or delivery thereof, or (hall not give they came by

an account, to the fatisfadlipn of fuch juftice or juftices, how {,hen^mej

he, (he, or they, came by the fame, that then the faid perfon

and perfons fo apprehended (hall be deemed and adjudged guil- 0fa miide-

ty of a mifdemeanor.  meanor.

* VII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, juftices upon

That it (hall and may be lawful for any juftice of the peace, up- information

on information made to him on oath, by any credible perfon or  of  »

' M4  fusion of

i68  Anno fecundo Georgn III-  [  1761%

the conceal- perfons, that there is caufe to fufpeft that any merchandizes,:

mentof ftolen goods, ftores, or things (fufpe&ed to have been ftolen or ua-ch^idizesTer lawfully come by, or taken from fome ffiip or veflel in the fui. may grant a river) are concealed in any dwelling houfe, warehouse, outhoufe,, fearch war- yard, garden, or other place, by warrant under his hand andi ***£ >  leal, to caufe every fuch dwelling-houfe, warehoufe, outhoufe,

thercuptfn *  garden, and place, to be fearched in the day time: and if any

found, are to fach merchandizes, goods, (tores, or things, (hall be found be fecured; therein, to caufe the fame to be depofited and kept in fome Jpdthe P®r“ place of fafety; and alfo to caufe the perfon or perfons in whofe h°oure° &c ^oufc> warehoufe, outhoufe, yard, garden, or other place, the: arc to* be ^ame 0**11 ^ found, to be brought before him, or any other brought be- juftice or juftices of the peace for the fame county, city, divi-f°r« a juftice : foil, liberty or place; and if fuch perfon or perfons mall not ^vin a fa-0t 5*ve an account t0 fetisfiadtion of fuch juftice or juftices, tisfa^ory ac* «ow l*e> A*c>or they, came by the fame, or (hall not within fome count how reafonable and convenient time, to be fet by fuch juftice or jufti-they came by ces, produce the party or parties of or from whom he, fhe, or fhal! beCd thcy* bought or received the fame merchandizes, goods, ftores, judged guilty or things* t^at t*ien perfon or perfons in whofe houfe, warc-ofa mime- 7 houfe, outhoufe, yard, garden, or other place, the fame (hall jgpanor. be found, (hall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a xnifdc-

meanor.

Where per- VIII. And be it enabled by, the authority aforefaid. That up-fons fliail be 0n any perfon or perfons being conv idled of either of the faid laft-eithVrofthe mentioned mifdemeanors, it fliall and may be lawful for fuch laft-mention- ju^ice or juftices, before whom fuch perfon or perfons was or ^d mifde- were convidled, to caufe fuch merchandizes, goods, ftores, or jneanors, the things, to be* depofited in the cuftody of the churchwardens or caufc^he^ overfeers of the poor of the place where they (hall have been fo gaods^be depolited as aforefaid (who are hereby required to receive depofited with the fame) or in any other convenient place, for any time not the church- exceeding thirty days; and to order fuch churchwardens and o-gardens, &c. verfeers of the poor, or one of them, if the fame (hall happen rdvertimthe t(? b« *n anJ t^ie parilhes or places within the bills of morta-fame, if with- Hty, to inlert immediately an advertifement in fome publick in the bills of news paper; and if the fame (hall happen to be in any other mortality 5 parilh or place, to caufe notice to be immediately given by fome notice is°to public^ crycr, and by affixing on the church or chapel door, be given by 3 notice in writing, deferibing fuch merchandizes, goods, ftores, the public or things, and where the fame (hall have been fo depofited, to cryer, and al- the end that perfons having loll 'any fuch, or any reputable per-tfc^Xurch"or ^on ?n t^ie^r b^alf, may come and claim the fame, within thirty chapel door, days fr°m the time of giving and affixing fuch notice as afore-that the own- faid ; and in cafe any perfon or perfons do or (hall, yvithin the ers may come fpace of fuch thirty days, prove his, her, or their property in their"!:him anc* t0 t^ic ^d merchandizes, goods, ftores, or things, upon within 30 * oath, to the fatisfadlion of one or more juftice or juftices as a-diiys;  forefaid, that then fuch juftice or juftices (hall order reftitution

and they of fuch merchandizes, goods, ftores, or things, to be made to proving their tjltf owner or owners thereof, after paying the reafonable char-

property  *  *  j  &

therein,*  %

7*i.1

Anno fecundo Georgii III.

169

!es of feizing, removing, depofiting, and giving publick notice the juftice* is aforefaid, and alfo reasonable compenfations to the perfon or thall order perfons giving fuch information as aforefaid 5 fuch charges and reftitution sompenfations to be fettled and afcertained by fuch juftice or “J^Stheir uftices : but if at the end of the faid thirty days (notice having payfagrea-been given as aforefaid) no fuch proof (hall be made as afore- fonabfe char* Eud, the faid merchandizes, goods, ftores, or things, (hall be ge?> and com* fold by the churchwardens or overfeers, in whofe cuftody the hme fhall have been depofited as aforefaid, for the beft price that giving infor-can reafonably be had ; and after deducting the charges fo fet- mation ; tied as aforefaid, the remainder of the money arifing from fuch hut if no fuch fale fhall be given, one moiety thereof to the perfon or perfons ^he lb apprehending or giving information as aforefaid (as the cafe go^, &c. fhall be) of the party or parties guilty of the mifdemeanors as foall be foid aforefaid, or either of them, and the other moiety to the poor of by thechurchi-the parifo or place where fuch merchandizes, goods, ftores, or wa^fns 5 things, (hall have been fo firft depofited as aforefaid.  after^de-

ducting the charges aforefaid, is to go, one moiety to the informer, and the other to the poor of the parim.

IX. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid? Perfons to That every perfon to whom any goods, ftores, or things be- whom any longing to (hips or veffels (hall be brought and offered to be fold, pawned, or delivered, (hall, and he or foe is hereby im-j*ur powerai and required (there being reafonable caufe to fufpedl be ttolen, &c. that fuch merchandizes, goods, ftores, or things were ftolen, (hall be offeror unlawfully come by, from or out of any foip or veflel in the cd to laid river) to apprehend, fecure, and carry before a juftice of {j*^!^,or c* the peace for the county, city, divifion, liberty, or place, may flop th® where the fame (hall be fo brought or offered, the perfon or fame, and car-perfons fo bringing or offering the fame, and in the mean time J7 !he parses to fecure fuch merchandizes, goods, ftores, or things; and ^*e°rc a fuch perfon or perfons fo apprehended (hall be dealt with, and and the goods fuch merchandizes, goods, ftores, or things, (hall be depofited lhall be depo-and difpofed of in the fame manner as if he, foe, or they had flfed and dff-been apprehended by the conftable, headborough, beadle, or ^the par-watchman as aforefaid.  dealt  with

as if they had been apprehended by the conftable, See.

X.  And be it further enabled. That every perfon deemed and Perfons ad-

adjudged guilty of any of the mifdemeanors aforefaid, (hall, for judged guilty

every fuch mildemeanor forfeit, for the firft offence the fum of

forty (hillings; for the fecond offence the fum of four pounds, aforefaid, for-

and for every fubfequent offence the fum of four pounds; allfeitfor theift

which faid refpe&ive forfeitures (hall and may be levied by di- offence 4®*-

ftrefc apd fale of the goods and chattels of every fuch offender  ^fub-

(rendering to him, her, or them the overplus, after charges of fequent^f-11 "

the faid diftrefs and fale deduced) by warrant under the hand fence 4I. to be

and feal, or hands and feals, of any one or more of fuch juf- levied by

tfce or juftices before whop fuch offender was convicfted; which

forfeiture (hall be paid, one moiety thereof to the perfon appre- ^ moiety to

hending fuch offender or offenders, or giving information as go to the ap-

thc cafe (hall be, and the other moiety thereof to the (aid ma- pcehender or

. ftcr> informer.

Anno fectmdo Georgii HI.

[176 i.

and wardens of the Trinity Houfe for the uie of their poor

and the other da\ wardens, and affiflants of the (aid corporation, to be di-to the matter ftributed among the poor decayed feamen and their widows, under the care of the faid corporation; and if the faid refpedtivc forfeitures (hall not be paid, nor fufficient diftrefs (hall be found whereon to levy the fame, then the faid juftice or juftices (hall .  and may commit every fuch offender fo convidted as aforefaid to

-dforwant ^ common gaol or other prifon or houfe of corredlion within offender t^be ^ or Aeir jurifdidtion, without bail or mainprise, for the fpace committed,  of one month for the firft offence, and for the fecond offence for

for the ift of- the fpace of two months, and for every fubfequent offence, un-fonce one til fuch offender (hall be difeharged by order of the court of ge-

Kd nend or quartcr fcffions-

months; and for every other offence, till difeharged by order of the court of feffions. Convictions to XI. And be it further enaded. That eveiy convidhon of any ** certified to offender in any of the faid mifdemeanors mall be certified by ter fidfions*^ t*lc Ju^cc or juftices of the peace making the fame, to the next * - * * general or quarter feffion of the peace, to be filed and entered amongft the records of the faid feffion; and that fuch conviction (nail and may be drawn up on parchment, and certified as follows (that is to fay)

Day of A. B. was

and filed there,

Form of conviction.

, C T) E it remembered, That on the I jLJ  in  the  year

Middlefex, to wit,

convifled before  of the juftices of the peace for the

county, city, divifion, liberty, or place aforefaid (as the cafe (hall be) of a mifdemeanor in one or more of the injlances before mentioned, fpe-cifying the fame particularly in the words by which the fame is or are deferibed in and by this adl, or in any other form of words to the like effedl.

Given under  band and feal the day and year aforefaid.

Which faid convidtion, in the fame or the like form of words, (hall be good and effediual in law, to all intents and purpofes, and (hall not be quafhed, fet afide, or be adjudged void or in-nOTremov^15 fufficient for want of any other form or words whatfoever; nor able by Certio- be liable to be removed by Certiorari into his Majefty’s court of ran.  King's  Bench, but (hall be deemed and taken to be final, to all

intents and purpofes whatfoever.

XII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty fourtn day of June, one thou-fand feven hundred and fixty two, every perfon who (hall buy or receive any part of the cargo or loading of, or any goods, (lores, or things, of or belonging to, any (hip or veffel in the faid river, knowing the fame to be ftolen or unlawfully come by ; or (hall privately buy or receive any fuch goods, (lores, or things, or any part of fuch cargo or loading, by fuffer-ing any door, window, or (butter to be left open or unfaft-ened between fun-fetting and fun-rifing for that purpofe, or (hall buy or receive the Fame, or any of them, at any time, in any clandeftine manner, from any perfon or perfons whomfo-ever, (hall, being thereof convidled by due courfe of law (although the principal felon or felons, offender or offenders, has or have not been convidled of dealing or unlawfully procuring

Conviction not to be qualh'd for

Perfons con* victed of knowingly buying or receiving ttolen goods from velfels in the river ;

or of privately buying or receiving at any time any fuch goods clandeftinely,

Anno fecundo Georgh III.

171

the fame) be tranfported for fourteen years to any of his Maje- orbyfuffering (fy’s colonies or plantations in America, according to the laws in ^ny force for the tranfportation of felons.  ter it night to

he left open or unfafiened for that purpofe; (hall be tranfported for 14 yean.

XIII.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Perfon* con-That if any perfon or perfons (hall cut, damage, or fpoil, any v.'cted of cut-cordage, cable, buoys, buoy-rope, head-faft, or other fed, ft*- “"/any wrdl ed to any anchor or moorings belonging to any (hip or veflel at cable, anchor or moorings in the river Thames, or any rope ufed for buoys, buoy-

----------  Q  --------—----- /------  f  *  ■---------- J  w  /

the purpofe of mooring or rafting mafts or timber, or (hall be roues, hea£*

aiding or aflifting therein, with an intent to (leal the fame;

fuch perfon or perfons ftiah, being convi&ed thereof on the oath 0* at

of two or more credible witnefles, be tranfported to feme of his anchor or Majefty’s plantations in America- for the fpace of feven years, moorings, in according to the laws now in force for the tranfportation of intent to fteal felons.  the fame, (hill

be tranfported, together with their aiders therein, for feven years.

XIV.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Any P®rio® That if any perfon being out of prifon, (hall, after the twenty concerned ia*1 fourth day or June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two, (foaling or un-by dealing, or unlawfully receiving, any part of any cargo or lawfully relating of, or any goods, ftores, or things belonging to, or out ceiving eoods of, or from, any (hip or veflel in the faid river, and (hall after- d'zTfrom anr wards difeover two or more perfons who (hall have bought or vifl*el in the * received any ftolen or unlawfully procured goods, ftores., or river, things, or any part of any cargo or lading of, or belonging to, who (hall dif-or by, from or out of, any (hip or veflel in the faid river, af-

ter the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred thers of the and fixty two, knowing the fame to be ftolen or unlawfully like offence, procured, fo as two or more of the perfons difeovered (hall be convidted of fuch buying or receiving; every perfon fo difco-: vering, (hall have ana be intituled to the gracious pardon of his A1*!} be in-Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, for all fuch felonies by him  ™

or her committed at any time or times before fuch difeovery pardon, made; which pardon mail be likewife a bar to any appeal brought for fuch felony.

XV.  And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if Perfons row-after the publication of any fuch orders, rules, and regulations, ing.or navi* by the faid mafter, wardens, and afliftants, any perfon or per- f£a£6notbe-fons (hall row or navigate, within the limits aforefaid, any fuch ;ng entered, boat as is herein before dire&ed to be entered, marked, and marked, and numbered, not being fo entered, marked and numbered, as numbered ac-aforefaid; or having a falfe mark or number, or not hav- ^de^of^he 5 ing the real name or names, and places of abode of the own- Trinity comer or owners of fuch boat inscribed thereon, or not having pany; or hav-ftich names and figures kept fair and legible, in fuch manner as »ng a falfe or (hall have been directed and required, from time to time, by „|^er or (iich orders, rules, and regulations; in each of the cafes afore- mark,

faid, eveiy fuch perfon, being thereof convicted before one or forfeit, on more juftice or juftices of the peace of any county, city, divi- conviction be-fion, liberty, or place, near or adjoining to the (aid river, up- * Juftlcc>

*  Digitized  by

1

172  Anno  fecundo  Georgii  III.  [1761^

One moiety on his or her own confeffion, or the oath of one or more cre-t0 the mform-jible perfon or perfons, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit Serto the ° aiK* Pay ^um ^orty filings; one moiety whereof to be Trinity com- paid to the perfon or perfons who (hall give information of, and pany tor the profecute to conviction, fuch offender or offenders as aforefaid, life of their and the other moiety to the faid matter, wardens, and attittants ?fpon difeo- °f t*ie ^ corporation, to be applied by them as aforefaid: very of fuch and it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons, upon offence, the difeovery of any fuch offence or offences, to feize and detain any toat and  fuch.boat, with all the tackle, apparel, and furniture thereun-

inaybefcized t0 belonging; and (hall thereupon, within the fpace of forty and within * eight hours after fuch feizure made, give information thereof, 48 hours after and of the nature of the offence, to any one or more iuftice or information juft ices of the peace as aforefaid, who (nail proceed to near, and iuft?ceCn determine., as foon as conveniently may be, upon fuch who is to hear information; and if fuch forfeiture (hall not be paid within the and deter- fpace of twenty four hours after conviction, then the fame (hall mine there- be raifed by fale of the faid boat, and her tackle and appurte-ifthc forfci- nanccs and every juftice of the peace, within his jurisdiction, lure be not" hereby authorized and required to iffue his warrant under his paid within 14 hand and feal, directed to the conftable, or fome other peace ®our»» thc officer of the parifh or place in which fuch boat, fo Seized as a -raifW by fale ^orc^a^> ftwll ^ detained, to caufe fale to be made thereof, of the boat, an^ a^ her tackle and appurtenances, with all convenient fpeed, &c.  * for raifing the money forfeited for the faid offence as aforefaid,

by warrant of rendering to the offender or offenders the overplus (if any there the juftice. ffiali be) after deducting the charges of detaining and felling fuch boat.

Upon complaint to the mailer and wardens of the company, of any thefts or illegal practices being carried on in any boat, or fuf-pected to be carried on, they may Summon the owner to appear, and inquire into fuen complaint in a luminary way* and, on conviction, may take away his number, and refufe to euter any boat of bis for the future.

Where, on conviction.

XVI.  And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid matter, wardens, and affiftants, (hall and may, and they are hereby authorifed and required, on any complaint to be made to them by any credible perfon or perfons, of any thefts, robberies, frauds, or other illegal practices being carried on, or reafonably fufpeCted to be carried on, in any boat fo to be num^ bered and marked as aforefaid, to fummon the owner or owners thereof to appear before them, or any five or more of them, at the Trinity Houfe in Water Lane, or other ufual place of meeting appointed or to be appointed, at fuch time as they (hall appoint; at which time and place the faid matter, wardens, and affiftants, or any five or more of them, (hall inquire into the faid complaint in a fummary way; and in cafe the faid complaint (hall be proved to their fatisfa&ion, and they (hall fo think fit, they the faid matter, wardens, and affiftants, or any five or more of them, being a majority of the members then prefent, may thereupon take away and totally abolilh the faid number fo given to the faid boat as aforefaid; and alfo may, for the future, refufe to enter, as before directed, any boat of or belonging to fuch owner or owners; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVII.  And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That where any perfon or perfons (hall be convicted pf any offence

againft

1761.] Anno fecundo Georgii III*  173

againft this aft, by which is incurred the forfeiture of any boat, the forfeiture with her tackle and appurtenances, and concerning which, af- ^fawned*0* ter fuch conviftion, no provifion is hereby made, it (hall and aVdn^fur-may be lawful to and for fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, therprovifion before whom fuch conviftion (hall be had, or any other juftice made concer-or juftices of the peace of and for any county, city, divifion,  fai?Ct

liberty, or place, adjoining to the faid river Tnamesy on convic- hi, warrant/ tion had, and they arc hereby refpeftively authorized and re- may order the quired, to caufe luch boat with her tackle and appurtenances, fame to be to be totally burnt and deftroyed, within fix days next after burnt within* fuch conviftion as aforefaid, by warrant under tne hand and day,# feal, or hands and feals of fuch juftice or juftices, direfted to the conftable or other peace officer of the parilh or place adjoining to the faid river, or where fuch conviftion (hall be had; which faid conftable, or other peace officer, (hall thereupon caufe fuch boat, tackle, and appurtenances, to be fo burnt and deftroyed, within the time aforefaid.

XvlII. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it Any perfons (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons, by the au- may appre-thority of this aft, and without any other warrant, to appre- hendanoffen-hend any offender or offenders committing any of the offences 9 herein before mentioned, and intended by this aft to be re-dreffed, and, with all convenient fpeed, to convey or deliver and deliver every fuch offender or offenders to a conftable or fome other him over to a peace officer of the county, city, divifion, liberty, or place, in conftable, or near to which the offence (hall be committed, or the offender or offenders (hall be apprehended, in order to be conveyed to be carried before fome juftice of the peace of fuch county, city, liberty, or before a juf-place, there to be dealt with according to law.  tlcc#

XIX.  And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That in Perfons ob-cafe any perfon or perfons afting in the execution of any of the ftructing the powers granted by this aft, (hall be obftrufted therein, every executionof perfon fo obftrufting,and all fuch as (hall aft in their afliftance, convktcdat1^ (hall, on being thereof convifted before the juftices of the peace, the quarter at the general or quarter feflion of the county or city adjoining feflions,

to the laid river, upon the oath of two or more credible per- bc tranf-fons, be tranfported to any of his Majefty’s plantations in A- P°rte<i f°r 7 merica, for the fpace of (even years according to the law or ycari# laws now in force for the tranfportation of felons.

XX.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Any member That in all aftions, fuits, trials, and other proceedings, which of ?hc corpo-ihall or may be had in purfuance of this aft, or in relation to ha^ttanto^" any matter or thing herein contained, any member of the faid the place, corporation, or any inhabitant of the parifti, town, or place, in where the of-which any offence (hall be committed, contrary to the true in- fence is com. tent and meaning of this aft, or wherein any conviftion (hall

be made purfuant hereto, (hall be admitted to give evidence, to givc tvi_ and (hall be deemed a competent witnefs, notwithftanding his dence* being fuch member of the faid corporation, or his or her being fuch inhabitant as aforefaid,

XXI.  And

v^ooQle

Juftices to ad-sninifter oaths gratis*

Limitation of fc&kms.

General ifliie.

Treble cofts.

Publickaa.

Anno fecundo Georgii III.  ^  x  761*

XXL And be it alfo enacted by the authority aforefaid, That in all cafes where an oath is by this adt directed to be taken by any perfon or perfons, it (hall and may be lawful for any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace within the county, city, di-vifion, liberty, or place where the matter to be fwom to (hall arife, and he and they is and are refpedtively hereby authorized and required to adminiltcr the lame, without fee or reward.

XXII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any adtion or fuit lhall be commenced or brought agajnft any juftice or juftices of the peace, or the faid matter, wardens, and afliftants, or any of them, or other officer or perfon whatfoever, acting in the execution of any of the powers m them hereby vetted, for doing, or caufing to be done, any thing in purfuance of this act, concerning any of the faid offences, the lame lhall be laid in the county of Middlefex or city of London, and not elfewhere; and lhall be commenced within fix months next after fuch caufe of action accrued; and the defendant or defendants therein may plead the general iffue, and give this act, and the fpecial matter, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and,that the lame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this act: and if it lhall appear fo to have been done, or that fuch action or fuit was brought after the time before limited, or in any other place; that then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and if upon fuch action a verdict lhall be given for the defendant or defendants ; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs lhall become nonfuited, or dif-continue his, her, or their action or fuit, after the defendant or defendants lhall have appeared; or if, upon demurrer, judgment lhall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, then the defendant or defendants lhall and may recover treble cofts, and have fuch remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any cafe by law,

XXII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid* That this adt lhall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public adtand be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whomfoever, without the fame being fpecially pleaded.

CAP. XXIX,

Jn aft to amend fo much of an aft made in the firftyear of the reign of King James the firfi, intituled, An aft for the better execution of the intent and meaning of former ftatutes made againft; Ihooting in guns, and for the prefervation of the game of pheafants and partridges, and againft the deftroying of hares with hare pipes, and tracing hare9 jn the fnow; as relates to the prefervation of boufe doves and pidgeons, by making the

manner

W'

.1.

1761.] Anno fecundo Georgii III.  175

manner of convifting fucb perfon or persons as Jhall offend therein, more easy and expeditious.

HEREAS by an aft made in the Jirft year of the reign of his Preamble, re-MajeJly King James the Fir ft intituled, “An aft for the better citing claufe c< execution of the intent and meaning of formerJlatutes made againji ,act <c Jbooting in guns, and for the prefervation of the game of pheafants J €< and partridges, and againji the deploying of hares with hare pipes, cc and tracing hares in the fnow”-, it is amongjl other things therein enafted, That all and every perfon and perfons who Jhall kill or dejlroy any houfe dove pr pidgeon, and Jhall be thereof convifted by the confeffort of the party, or by the teftimony of two fufficient witneffes, upon oath before two or more juftkes of the peace, of the county, city, or town, corporate, wherein the offence Jhall be committed, or the parties apprehended, fuch juftkes Jhall commit every fuch offender fo apprehended, to the common gaol of thefaid county, city, or town corporate\ where the offence Jhall be committed, or the party apprehended, there to remain Jor three months without bail or mainprize, unlefs that the faid offender do or Jhall forthwith upon the Jaid. conviftton pay, or caufe to be paid, to the churchwardens of the faid parijh where the faid offence Jhall be committed, or the party apprehended, to the ufe

traryto the true purport and true meaning of that aft•, or after one month after his commitment, together with two fufficient fureties, become bound by recognizance in the fum of twenty pounds apiece, to the Kings MajeJlfs ufe, his heirs, and JucceJfors, with condition that he thejaid party fo offending, Jhall not at any time thereafter Jhoot at, kill, take, or dejtroy, any houfe dove or pidgeon, by any fuch means as in the faid aft are mentioned; which faid recognizance Jhall be taken by any two or more juftkes of peace, of the faid county, city, or town corporate, where the offender Jhall be fo tmprifoned as aforefaid, and Jhall be returned to the then next quarter fejftons, ana there to remain of record as other recognizances taken for the peace, as by the faid in part recited aft, relation fo+ greater certainty being thereunto had, may more fully appear: and whereas the method of convifting offenders againft the above recited aft, hath hitherto been found, in a great degree, ineffeftuaL, to anfwer the good intentions of the faid aft: therefore for more fpeedy convifting and punijhing perfons who Jhall be guilty of the faid mifetyevous praftice of wilfully killing or deflroying houfe doves or pidgeons, belonging to other perfons; may it pleafe your MajeJly that it may be enafted\ and be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent After 24 June, parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That i76*,any per* after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hun- fon who (hall dred and fixty two, if any perfon or perfons lhall (hoot at, with an intent to kill, or (hall by any means whatever, kill or take, any°houfe y with a wilful intent to deftroy, any houfe dove or pidgeon, and doves or pid-lhall be thereof cpnvi^d^ by the confefiion bf the party offend- geons belong*’ inz, or the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, mgto other

before

VjUUy LC

(hall forfeit, on conviction, ios- to the profecu-

ior;

and if not forthwith

paid, he n

i maybe committed, and kept to hard labour for any time

176  Anno fecundo GeoRGII III. [i^6r.

before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the county, city, town corporate, divifion, riding, or place (which oath fuch juftice or juftices are hereby authorized to adminifter) wherein any fuch offence or offences (hall be committed, or the party or parties offending (hall be apprehended, every perfon fo offending, and who (hall be convi&ed as aforefaid of any fuch offence, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings, to the perfon or perfons who (hall inform againft, and profecute to conviction, any fuch offender or offenders; and in cafe the money fo forfeited (hall not be forthwith paid on every fuch conviction, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juftice or juftices to commit any fuch offender or offenders, who (hall be fo convicted as aforefaid, to the common

........... gaol of the county, or the houfe of correction in the divifion or

not exceeding place where the party is convicted or apprehended, there to re-3, nor lefs than main and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding f  three calendar months, nor lefs than one calendar month, as

feiturebe^ any juft*** or juftices (hall order, unlefs the money for-fbonerpaid. feited (hall be fooner paid.

The owners H- Provided always, and it is hereby alfo enaCted, That of dove cotes, nothing in this aCt contained (hall be conftrued, deemed, or of other places taken, to hinder any owner of a dove cote, pidgeon houfe, built for the pidgeon chamber, or any other place, built up or ereCted, or ^breSingofto ^ huilt up or ereCted, for the prefervation or breeding of pidgeons, and pidgeons, from taking, killing, or deftroying, by himfelf, or thofe appoint- any other perfon by lum appointed or authorized for that pur-ttam* pofe, all or any houfe doves, or pidgeons, which (hall at any €xccp * time be taken in the proper dove cote, pidgeon houfe, pidgeon chamber, or any other place, as aforefaid, for the prefervatioii or breeding of pidgeohs of any owner of fuch dove cote, pidgeon houfe, pidgeon chamber or other place.

Offender is lia- III. Provided further, and it is hereby alfo enaCted, That no ble only to perfon who (hall be convided of any offence againft this aCt, Son for the ft1^ be bablc to be conviCted for any fuch offence under any fame offence; former or other aCt; and that no perfon (hall be profecuted for and profecu- any offence againft this aCt, unlefs the profecution for the fame tionsare to be fliall be commenced and carried on with effeff within the fpace and wrriedon two ca^en(^ar months after every fuch offence (hall be com-with effect, mitted; and that where any perfon (hall fuffer imprifonment for within two default of payment of any penalty impofed under this a<ft, fuch months aftCr Pcr^on ®la“ not be liable afterwards to pay fuch penalty.

ce; and where perions fuffer imprifonment, they are not liable afterward* to pay tbr penalty.

CAP. XXX.

An aft for enlarging and improving the north eajl avenue of London Bridge.

Preamble, re- TT 7 HE REAS by an act made in the twenty ninth year of the in^acf  ▼ V reign of his late Majefy King George the Second, intituled,

Geo. II? “ An act to improve, widen, aud enlarge, the pajfage over and <c through London Bridge,” the mayor, aldermen, and commons, +f

v^.ooQle

Aiino fecundo GeOrgii III*  *77

the city of London, in common council ajfembled, were impoweredU make fuch pur chafes, and take down fuchhoufes, edifices, and buildings,

Handing or being on the faid bridge, or contiguous or adjoining thereto* as they Jbouldjudge necejfary, for the enlargement and improvement of the pajfage over, and the avenues leading to andfrom, the faid bridge: and vuhereas the faid major, aldermen, and commons,  /A*/wrf

Zwt/* proceeded in the execution of the powers granted by the find act, and the pajfage over the faid bridge js already, on the eafiern fide thereof, fecured by a proper and uniform balufirade, which, in order to avoid the waterworks of London Bridge, and preferve, with regularity, the connexion of the pajfage of the faid bridge, with Fi(h-ibreet hill, ranges northward upon the parijb church of the united pa-rijbes of Saint Magnus and Saint Margaret New Filhftreet^

London, at the north eaft avenue of the faid bridge, almofi in a line with the arch of the tower orjleeple of the find church, which forms a fpacious pajfage through the faid tower from north to fouth: and whereas the good ends and purpofes of the Jaid act cannot be anfwered, unlefs the fite or ground of the faid parijb church, on the north and fouth fides of the faid tower, is, with the faid pajfage through the fame, laid into the north eajl avenue of the Jaid bridge: but in regard the alteration aforefaid cannot be made without the authority of parliament, may it pleafe your moft excellent Majefty, that it may be enacted3 and be itenaded &c. &c.

The ground on the North and South fides of the tower of St. Magnus ebufeb,

Hew-f/b greet,with a paflage through the tower from North to South,is veiled in thecity of London toe the enlargement of the North-Eaft avenueo f London bridge; and (b much of the fabrick of the faid church is to be taken down and removed, as (hall be necellary for that purpofe; and the city is thereupon to rebuild in a fuitable manner the Weftern walls of the church, in a line with the Eaft fide of the faid tower; and alfo all other works within the body of the church, and without, neceflary tothefafety and ornament of the tower; and all injuries occafioned thereby are to be repaired and made good.------The great Weftern doors of the church are to be re-

moved and placed on the Eaft fide of the tower, and the fame paflage to be preferved for the public Weftern entrance into the church $ and the ground laid into the North-Eaft avenue of the bridge may be ufed as a cemetery; but the pavement broken up on that account is to be relaid by the church wardens. -—- The city is alfo to build a commodious veftry-room, aad engine-houfe in the church yard. And the materials of fuch part of the feorick as (hall be taken down, are veiled in the city3 and what (hall be found proper, may be employed in the works; and the reft is to be fold; and the money paid over to the church wardens for the

fuftentation of the faid works, See.-And the city is to pay, by way of

compenfation, 13/. per annum, chargeable on the Bridge-bou/e eftates, to be paid half yearly, 'viz. 5/. thereof to the rettor; and 8/. to the church wardens for the luftentation of the faid works, See. to commence on 29th Sep.

176a.-----charges of this ad to be paid out of the money granted by par-

liament for improving the bridge. Powers, See. in the recited a& of 29 Geo. II. and 31 Geo. IL extended m all applicable cafes to this aft. Limi* tation of a&ions, general iflue, treble cous, public ad.

K

CAP,

f

Vol. XXV.

Anno fecundo Geo&gii IIL £176*.

CAP, XXXI.

An aft for making perpetual an aft for the better regulation and government of feamen in the merchants fervice \ and for cutending the provifions thereof to his Majtfy's colonies in America.

WHEREAS the law herein afttr mentioned, which both by experience, been found ufeful and beneficial, is near expiring, may it therefore pleafe your mojl excellent Majefiy, that it may be «-afted\ and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpmtual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afTembled, Act of » Geo.  the  authority of the fame. That an a<ft made in the fe-

ll.  which was* cond year of his late Majefty’s reign, intituled, “ Am aft for continued by “ the better repilation and government of feamen in the merchants feveral fubfe- “ fervice,” which was to be in force for five years, from the madeperpe* twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and tual.  twenty nine, ana from thence to the end of the then next feffion

of parliament; and which awas, by an a<ft made in the eighth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, further continued until the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which alt was, by an act made in the twenty third year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, further continued until the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, is temporary, and near expiring ; (hall be, and is hereby, made perpetual From and af-  ^nd lt further enacted by the avythority aforefaid. That

ter 1 May, from and after the firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred 1764, all the and lixty four, all the provifions, penalties, claufes, matters, provifions, and things, contained in the faid a<St of the fecond year of his matters^and **id *ate Maiefty’s reign, (hall be, and the fame are hereby, ex-things, in the tended to all his Majefty’s colonies in Americas and that all pe-faid act of 2. nalties and forfeitures to be incurred by the faid a<ft, and directed Ge°* V ^are t0 applied to and for the ufe of Greenwich hofpital, (hall be h?s Mateftys Pa^ to “,c^1 °®cer or officers in the faid colonies, as (hall on colonies in that behalf be appointed by the lord high admiral of Great Bri-America j and tain, or the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high the forfeitures admiral of Great Britain for the time being: and in cafe any Green^wich° ma^ersorcommanders, or owners, of any (hips or veflels (ball hofpital are to deduift out of the wages of any feaman or mariner any of the be Daid there penalties and forfeitures which, by the faid a<ft, are directed to to the officer be deduced and applied to and for the ufe of Greenwich hofpital, the adm\ralty* anc* not Pay money deducted to fuch officer or officers and matters of f° to be appointed in the port or place in the faid colonies where /hips deduct- fuch deduction (hall be made, within three months after fuch ing any of the dedu<ftion, every perfon fo neglefting to pay the money deduced faidfortenurcs as aforefaid, fliall forfeit and pay the treble value thereof to the fcamens wa ufe of the faid hofpital j which, together with the money de-ges,  '  ducfled

and not duly paying over the (ame, forfeit treble the value to t|i^^^^^aidhofpital.

178

Preamble.

tyoi.j  Anno (kundo GeoRoii III.

tiu&ed as aforefaid, (hall and may be recovered by the fame-means and methods as any penalties and forfeitures can or may. be recovered by the faid aa.

CAP. XXXII.

Jin aft for draining and preferring certain low lands tolled The* Fens, lying on both Jftdes of the river Witham, in the county (/Lincoln; and for reftoring and maintaining' the navigation of the faid river* from the High bridge in the city of Lincoln, through the borough of Bofton, to the fca.

WHEREAS the river Witham, in the county of Lincoln, toai Preamble formerly navigable for lighters* barges* boats* and other vefi fils* from the fea* through Bolton, to the High bridge in the city of Lincoln} but* by the fand andflit brought in by the tide* thi outfall thereof into the fea hath* for many years laji paji* been greatly hindered and obftrufled* and is now* in a great meafure,flopped up* loft* and defrayed* and thereby great part of the low lands andfens lying on both Jides of the faid river (and which contain together about one hundred thoufand acres) are frequently overflowed* and rendered ufelefs and unprofitable* to the great tofs of the refpeflive owners there* of* the decay of trade and commerce* and the depopulation of tho country: and whereas* in the judgment and opinion of experienced engineers* and per fins of known Jkill and ability* the navigation of the faid river Witham, and the outfall thereof into the fea* are capable of being reftored and maintained* and the faid low lands and fent of being drained* cultivated* and improved; but* as the necejfafy works* for the effefling the good purpofes aforefaid > cannot be made+ done* and performed* without the authority of parliament* may it therefore pleafe your Majefty* that it may be enafled* and be it dialled, &c, &c.

The boundaries of the low- lands and fens defcribed. — Lands divided into fix diftri&s. Firft diftrift, and boundaries thereof. Second diftrilf, and boundaries thereof. Third diftrift, and boundaries thereof. Fourth diftritt, and boundaries thereof. Fifth diftrift, and boundaries thereof; Sixth diltri#, and boundaries thereof. —— Commifiioners of diftrifts appointed. Manner of election : firft diftrift j id. diftrift \ 3d4 diftrift; 4th diftrift j $th diftrift; 6th diftriH. South Kyme deemed a pzrriih. —- Electors may appoint deputies. —> Electors to certify elc&ions at firft meeting

of general commifiioners for drainage.-----Commifiioners to direft tho

feveral works to be made within their Several diftri&s. Commifiioners of the diftri&s to meet and ele& genera] commifiioners. — General com-miflioners. — Commifiioners for diftri&s may adjourn their meetings.

—  Qualification of general commifiioners------ Oaths of general

commifsioners-------Penalty on perfons atting if not qualified. ■■  «

Heirs apparent of 100/. per annum, taking the oath of office, may aft as

commissioners.------General commifiioners may appoint agents. —

Continuance of the commifsioners of the diftn&s, continuance of the

general commifiioners.-----• Commifiioners of diftri&s dying, others to

be elected. General commifsioners dying, others to be elefted. — - If new commifsioners are not elected, former commifsioners to continue.

— Firft meeting of the general commifsioners.-------Annual meetings-

----Comraiisioners to make contracts with workmen,&c. which are to be

entered in a book. —* The acre-tax for the general drainage.---------

Ux  *  Twe

Anno fecundo GeorGii III. [ i

*l*i xi*verted in edmmifiionera. General comraHsionen to pay the pro-prietors of lands within the fixth diflrift their expence of furveys, See. — biftri&s chargeable with further yearly taxes for private works. The coraraifsioners for the i ft. 3d. ana 5th dfftri&s to do the like on application ; but not to obftru& waters occafioned by foakage or downfall froth taking their natural courfe into the river Witbam or haven. Lands in the 6tb diftrift to be jointly taxed^ with the lands through which fuclx

waters (hall be convevedf.------ If private works be found beneficial to

towns in any other diltrict, fuch towns to contribute in proportion.--

Commifsioners of the 4th diftrict to raife taxes within Wddmore and Weft Fats, by endofing a part thereof: exception ^ Such metofures not to be

fubject to tythes.--Taxes to be railed in like manner in Holland Fen s

exception. Rights of lords of manors in Holland Fen, faved. —— A fofficient part of any other commons may be inclofed for payment of taxes by content: exception. Such inclofuresnot to be fubject to tythes. — Commifsioners of the diftricts, wherein Holland, Wildmore and Weft Fen lie, to apply monies anting from fale of lands cut through for the new river towards inclofmg of lands, and payment of taxes. — Tenants to pay taxes, and deduct the fame; except leafes, which will not expire till after the end of 14 years ;and church-leafes. — Proprietors to give in an account of their lands. — Determination of difputes about high lands* Perfons refilling to pay taxes, the fame to be levied by diftrefs and fale.

Grounds unoccupied to remain afecurity.----* General commifsioners to

indofe lands in Hollemd, Wildmore and Weft Fens, in cafe the taxes alTefied . thereon are not paid in due time.----Works, to be ordered by the general commifsioners.-------------------River Witbam to be widened, See. Surface of

the water thereof to be a feet below the medium furface of lands adjoining.—* The lame number of workmen to be employed on the mother river, as on

the fide rivers.----- Relating to Anthony's G<rwt and Maud Fofter's G*wt.

*-Provifo relating thereto.— Materials veiled in general commifsioners.

-----Side rivers or drains to be fcoured, Scc. at the general charge. — —

Defcription thereof. ----Commifsioners may heighten, &c. the banks.

-----A cut to be made from Langrike Grwt to the new cut, or the river,

and another from Lodsrwick's Gonut to the new cut or river, at the general charge.------Outring and divilion dykes to be kept open by the proprietors. ---Lords of manors may make .’ivifion dykes at their own

'Oxpence, but not to interfere with tile works of drainage.---Lodonvicte

Go*uh to be fupported at the general charge.----Tunnels under Ktme~

eau and BiUmohen Skirtbs to be removed.----Proprietors of lands in North

Kyme and BilUngbay dales, to lay a tunnel under Kjmeeau, if occafion. — Uamftford Tunnel to be continued, and other tuhnefs for watering cattle in dry leafons. — A moveable Haunch to be eredled in Kyme eau, above

Drury-dyhe; and the^ tunnels continued at Ho<w Bridge.---- If a fufiicienf

quantity cannot be ilTued for cattle in Wildmore Fen, the commifsioners of the 4th diilrift may place removcable (buttles to raife the water. — Bed of the Witham% where not enclofed, veiled in the commifsioners. — The

fea lluice and rivers to be maintained at the general charge.-Staunches

to keep back land water, how to be ere&ed. Commifsioners of the dif*

tricts to exchange lands feparated by the new cut.------The ferry and

road between Tatter shall and BilUngbay, prefer ved. — Bank of B'tlUngbay Skirth not to be left than 11 feet in width.-Rights of' owners of ferries referved.-------------------------------------------------------A bridge to be built to preferve a communication be-

tween Bofion Weft and Holland Fen. — Fords to be repaired or bridges

built.----Annuities to be granted for money borrowed, or taxes af&igned.

— Notice to be given of borrowing money. — Power for mortgagees

to enter and recover.----Mortgages, &c. to be deemed perlonal cltates,

and may be afsigned. Tenants for life may charge the lands for money borrowed to pay the taxes.----Interell when to ceafe. — Regular ac-

counts of payment, &c, to be kept. Money in treafurers hands, not wanted for the works, may be placed out on fecurities. — No order of general commifsioners to be reverted, unlefs 11 commifsioners be prefent, and 7 confent. —— Commifsioners for navigation. — Eleclion of drainage cdmmifsi onen to be declared under teal of corporation. —*

Commifcioners

L^ooQle

a 7^1-3  .  Anno  fccundo  GeoRGII  III.

Crammifsionert firft meeting; they may adjourn. — In default of a fuf-ficient number to aft, notice to be gi ven of another meeting.-—Com-mi£ioners of navigation tocontraft with workmen) to order works upon the river, or fide rivers. Sec. to make new cuts, See, to cut and make ufe of foil, See. to remove impediments $ to ereft bridges, locks, See. to dig, and cany away gravel, &c. to fet out haling ways; and to caufe a lock to be Made by the fide of the fea fiuice. — Worts of navigation not to prejudice xhe works of drainage. — Penalty of breaking open gates or locks, 5Z. — No lock, See. to dc higher than within two feet of the natural foil

•f the loweft lands adjoining.------Commifsioners to purebafe ground to

build houfos for lock-keepers.------Tolls vetted in the commifsioners;

may be levied by dittrefs. Dittrefs may be fold after 5 days.----Tolls

to be taken at Lodtrwicks drain. — Inhabitants of the is towns in HoU

land Fen exempted from toll.--------Free navigation. — Commifsioners

may borrow money on the tolls.. Tolls may be leflened.--------Commif-

fioners impowered to purchafe lands, See. Bodies politick. See. may contra# for the iale of fuch lands. — Where perfons fhall refufc or negleft to treat, commifsioners to ifiiie their warrants to the fheriff to impanel a jury, furors may be challenged. Witnefles to be fummoned, and examined upon oath. Jury to alters the damages. Verdict of the jury to be binding.-------Truftees may impofe a fine on fheriff, Sec. making de-

fault in the premifies. Fine not to exceed 5/. — Agreements, Sec. to be filed with the clerk of the peace.-Upon payment or tender of the purchase money, commifsioners may make ufe of the lands.--------Expences

of the jury how to be paid.--------Commifsioners to appoint officers, &c.

and to allow them fslaries. — Treafurers to enter receipts and payments

in a book, and to account upon oath.-----Reports to be made of loading

by navigation. — Commifsioners may fet up gates, Sc c. over the ditches

and fences in the towing-paths.----■ Boat-mailers, See. anfwerable for da*

mages done by their crew to bridges, Sec and for trefpafles. Damages to

be determined by pwo juftices.-----Boatmen obftrufting the pafiage of

boats. Sec. fubject to a penalty; to be levied by difirefs and fide; ana for

want of difirefs the otFender to be committed.-----Veffels funk to be

weighed up, and detained till fatisfaction made. — Matters to have their names fet on the outfide of the boat, Sec. For want of which, or opening the gates. Sec. to let the water run watte, fubject to a penalty; to be recovered by dittrefs and Tale; for want of dittrefs the offender to oe committed. —— Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fefsions, &c. Order of fefsions not removeable by certiorari, qor vacated for want of form*

-----Application of the fines.-----Deftroying works made felony.—

Commifsioners may make buy-laws. Ptrfonspaggrieved thereby may appeal to the quarter-fefsions. No juttice, wno figned the buy-law to act or vote in the determining fuch complaint. —r—r Orders of the commif-fioners to be entered in a book, and figned; and to be admitted as evir

dence. — Commifsioners may act as furors.---------- No commifsioner to

act, holding a place of profit. — Lock-keeper not to fell fpirituous liquors. — Commifsioners not to act but at a meeting held in purfuance

of this act.--* Writings to be without ftaraps. — Perfons aggrieved by

any irregularity in dittraining, to recover for the fpecial damage only. — Expences of this act how to Be paid.---Works of drainage or navigati-

on not fubject to commifsioners of fewer*, except, Sec. — Part of act ix and 13 Car. II. repealed. ——No toll to be paid for pleafure boat*. Refervation of rights. — If drainage and navigation not compleated in 14 years, mayor, &c.of Lincoln to undertake it, from Camvick rings to thei

Si bridge in Lincoln. Limitation of actions. General ifTue. Treble cofts, lie act.

ill

/

n3

CAP.

i B'i

Anno fecundo GEorgii M.

[1761.

There ftiall be iflued

CAP. XXXIII.

An d£t for granting to bis Majefty a certain fum of money out of the finking fund \ and for applying certain monies remaining in the exchequer for the ferviceof the year otic . thoufand feven hundred and fixty two \ and for fettling and fecuring a certain annuity for the ufe of the right honourable Arthur Onflow, fpeaksr of the houfe of commons in the laft five parliaments.

Moft Gracious Sovereign,

^nT7E your Majefiy's mofi dutiful and loyal fubjefts the commons of W Great Britain, in parliament ajfembledy being defirous to raff* the reftdite of the necejfary fupplies which we have cbearfuUy granted to your Majefty in this fejfion of parliament, by ways and means the leaft bterthenjome to your Majefiy's fubjefts, have refohed to give and grant to your Majefiy the fum herein aftermentioned ; and do therefore mofi humbly befeech your Majefiy, that it may be enabled y and be itenalled by tne King's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and cppnmons, in this prefent parliament aflembled,and by the authority of the fame. That by or out of fuch monies as (hall,

1 ooq 11 1 %% ^rom ^me t0 t*Inc, k® rcma^n *n receipt of the exche-StLiqV7 *<juer, of the furplufles, excefles, overplus monies, and other out of the revenues, composing the fund commonly called The finking fund, tnjungfuqd; ^fter paying or referring fufficient to pay all fuch fums of money as have been directed by any former alt or alts of parliament •to be paid out of the fame, there (hall and may be iflued and applied for and towards making good the Amply granted to his Majefty for the fervice of the year one thoufand (even hundred and fixty two, a fum not exceeding one million nine thoufand two hundred feventeen pounds, two (hillings, and eight pence 4 halfpenny; and the commiflioners of his Majefiy’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the nigh treafurer, or any three or more 6f the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, are hereby authorized and impowered to ifliie and apply the Tame accordingly, j 15,oo*l: be-  II. And be it further enalted by the authority afbrefaid. That

mgmomes ^ fum 0f one hundred and fifteen thoufand pounds, granted arrears0?hisC by an all made in the fecond year of his late Majefiy’s reign,, late Majefty's upon account of arrears of his late Majefiy’s civil Jill revenues, civil Hit re- and now, by his Majefiy’s direllion, replaced and refunded out -ues; 0f the arrears of the faid revenues, which were Handing out at mjuTingun- *he time of his late Majefiy’s demife; and alfo the fum of applied of the twenty thoufand pounds, remaining in the receipt of the ex-money grant- chequer, being part of the fum of one hundred thoufand pounds, ed in the year granted to his late Majefty, in the year one thoufand feven hun-the charg^of5 “red and fifty eight,upon account,towards defraying the charge of pay and & pay and cloathing for the militia, for the year one thoufand fe-cloathing for van hundred and fifty eight, and for defraying fuch expences as the militia; wcrc actually incurred upoq the account of the militia, in the

year

xy&iJ) Anno fecundo Georgii III.  183

year one thoufand feven hundred and fifty /even; arrdalfothe fum 8o,oool. re-of eighty thoufand pounds, remaining in the receipt of the ex-  rnJ

chequer, which was granted to his late Majefty, in the year one money gravity Me thoufand feven hundred and fixty, upon account, towards ed in the year defraying the charge of pay and cloathing for the unembodied *760, towards militia, for the year ended the twenty fifth day of March, one W f thoufand feven hundred and fixty one; and alio the fum of fe- thTunem^. venty thoufend pounds, remaining in the receipt of the exche- died militia • quer* which was granted to his Majefty in the laft feflion of par- and 70,0001, liament, upon account, towards defraying the charge or the  al-

pay of the militia of that part of Great Britain called England, of the money when unembodied, and of the cloathing of the part of the granted in the feid militia then unembodied, for one year, beginning the twen- year 1761, for ty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty one; th*llke Pur* and. alfo the fum of feventy three thoufand fix hundred and fe- ££<1 * 6 8j# wenty eight pounds, remaining in the receipt of the exchequer, furpiusin the being the iurplus of the feveral duties on malt, eftablilhed by exchequer of an adfc made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Ma- the duties on for paying annuities granted in the year one thoufand fe^ ven hundred and fixty, after fatisfying all charges and incum- ' 7 brances thereupon, to the fifth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two, (hall and may be, in like manner, iflued and applied at the laid receipt, for and towards the faid

And it is hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Claufe of loan in cafe the faid commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any 0f ,,009,2171. three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time as. sd, aq. being, lhall think it advifeable to raife the faid fum of one million nine thoufand two hundred feventeen pounds, two Ihillings, and eight pence halfpenny, or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, in manner herein after-mentioned, that it lhall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to advance or lend to his Majmy, at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, any fum or films of money not exceeding the faid fum of one million nine thoufend two hundred feventeen pounds, two Ihillings, and eight pence halfpenny, upon the credit of the faid furplufles, excefies, and overplus monies, or other revenues compofmg the finking fund, and to have and receive intcreft for the forbearance of the money lent, fo as fuch loans be allowed to be made by the faid cQmmiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more or them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, who are hereby authorized to ifliie their warrants for that pur-pofe, as faft as fuch loans lhall be wanted for the public fervicc; and moreover that no money to be lent upon the fecurity of this aft, (hall be rated or aflefled to any tax or afleflment whatfoever.

IV. And be it further enafted, That all and every perfon or Tallies of perfons who (hall lend any money upon the credit of this aft as  **

aforefiud, and pay the feme into the receipt of the exchequer, fortue

mall

184  Anno  fecundo Georgii III. [ 1767.

fhall immediately have a tally of loan (truck for thgfame, and m order for his, her, or their repayment, bearing the feme date with hi6, her, or their tally, in or upon which order (hall bealfo contained a warrant for payment 01 intereft for the forbearance thereof, and to be paid every three months, until the repay-Orders to be ment of the principal; and all fuch orders for repayment of regiftered,and money, fo to be lent, (hall be regiftered in courfe, according paid in courfe. t0 the dates refpeftively; and that all and every perfon and persons (hall be paid in courfe, according as their orders (hall (land regiftered in thefaid regifter books, Foas the perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, who (hall have his, her, or their order or orders firft entered in the faid books of regifter, (hall be taken and accounted to be the firft perfon or perfons to be paid out of the faid fur-plufles, excefles, or other revenues; and he, (he, or they, who (hall have his, her, or their order or orders next entered, (hall be taken and accounted to be the fecond perfon to be paid, and fo fucceflivelv and in courfe; and that the monies to come in of or for the laid furplufles, excefles, and overplus monies, or other revenues compofing the finking fund, as aforefaid, (hall be in the fame order liable to the fatisraftion of the faid refpec-tive perfons,t and body or bodies politick or corporate, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or afligns refpeftively, without any undue preference of one before another, and not other-wife; and (hall not be diverted or divertible to any other ufe, intent, or purppfe whatfoever (other than fuch ufes and pur-pofes as are appointed by any other aft or afts of parliament in (fo fee to be that behalf as aforefaid and that no fee, reward, or gratuity,

Said for regj- dircftly or indireftly, (hall be demanded or taken of any of his ering, &c. 'Majeflty’s fubjefts, for providing or making of any fiicn books or fegifters, or any entries, views, or fearches, in or for payment of money lent, or the intereft thereof, as aforefeid, by any of his Majcfty's officer or officers, their clerks or deputies, bn paih ofpayment of treble damages to the party grieved, by the party offending, with full cofts of fuit; or if the officer him-penaltyof  felf take or demand any fuchfee or reward, then to lofe his place

undue pit-  alfo ; and if any undue preference of one before another (hall be

fcrenccj  made either ih point of regiftry or payment, contrary to the true

meaning of this aft, by any fuch officer or officers, then the party offending fhall be liable by aftion of debt, or on the cafe, to pay the value of the debt, with full cofts of fuit, to the party grieved, and fhall be forejudged of his place or office; and if any fuch preference be unduly made by any his deputy or clerk, without direftion or privity of his mailer, then fuch deputy or clerk only (hall be liable to fuch aftion, debt, damages, and coft, and fhall be for ever after incapable of his office or place; and in cafe the auditor of the receipt (hall not direft the faid orders of lean, or the clerk of the pells record, of the teller make payment upon fuch orders, according to each perfon’s due place and order, as before direfted; then he or they (hall be adjudged to forfeit, and the refpeftive deputies and clerks, therein offending.

iy6t.]

. Anno fecundo Georgii III.

fending, to be liable to fuch action; debt, damans, and cofts, in fuch manner as aforefaid: all which faid penalties, forfeitures, how to here* damages, and cods, to be incurred by any the officers of the covered, exchequer, or any their deputies or clerks, (hall and may be recovered by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majcfty’s courts of record at JVeJlminJler\ wherein no el-foin, protection, privilege, wager of law, injunction, or order ^ ^ of reftraint, (hall be in in any wife granted or allowed.  deemed

V.  Provided always, and it is declared. That if it (hall hap- no undue pen that feveral tallies of loan, or orders for payment, as afore- preference, faid, bear date, or be brought the fame day to the auditor of ^cdated^or the receipt to be regiftered, then it (hall be mterpreted no un- brought the due preference, which of thofe be entered firft, fo as he enters fame day i them all the fame day.

VI.  Provided alfo. That it (hall not be interpreted any un- Nor

due preference, to incur any penalty in point of payment, if the qUent order* auditor direCt, and the clerk of the pells record, and the tellers be paid before do pay fubfequent orders to perfons that come and demand their fuch as were monies, and bring their orders, before other perfons that did not come to take their monies, and bring their orders in courfe; fo as there be fo much money referved as will fatisfy precedent orders; which (hall not be otherwife difpofed of, but kept for them \ intefeft upon loam being to ceafe from the time the money is fo referved and kept in bank for them.

VII.  And be it further enaCted, That all and every perfon Orders affigii* and perfons to whom any money (hall be due, for loans to be able toties regiftered'by virtue of this aCt, after order entered in the book quoties.

of regifter as aforefaid, his, her, or their executors, adminiftra-tors, or affigns, by proper words of aflignment to be indorfed and written upon his, her, or their order, may affign and transfer his, her, or their right, title, intereft, and benefit, of fuch order, to any other; which being notified in the office of the auditor of the receipt aforefaid, and an entry or memorial thereof alfo made in the book of regifter aforefaid for orders (which the officers (hail upon requeft, without fee or charge, accordingly make) (hall intitle fuch affignee, hif, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceftors, and affigns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon; and fuch affignee may, in like manner, affign again, and fo toties quotics \ and afterwards it (hall not be in the power of fuch perfon or perfons who have or hath made fuch aflignment, to make void, releafe, or difeharge the fame, or any monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

VIII.  And to tho end there may be no want or failure of a certain Commifsion-Jum, not to exceed ip the whole the faidfum of one million nine thou f- er* oithc and two hundredfeventeen pounds, two Jbillings, and eight pence-baif- jf^y^fhall penny, to be raifed, either by fuch loam as aforefaid, or by ijjiieing ex- think it more chequer bills, as is herein after-mentioned, or by both or either of advifeable to tbofe ways or means, for the public fervice\ be it further ena&ed the faid by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe the commiffioners of

bis Majefiy’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, by exchequer pr the higp treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffiopers bills, they

of

may make oat may number ©i new exchequer bills for the &me.

In like manner and form as is prefcrib-cd by the land tax of this fefsion. Claufes, See, in the faid aft relating to exchequer bills, extended to thofe to be made out in „ fnxrfuance of this aft.

The faid bills, intereft, premium and charges, charged upon, and payable out of the iinking fund.

Anno iectindo Georgii HI.

of the treafury for the time being, (hall judge it more advifeaUe to raife the faid fum of one million nine thoufand two hundred feventeen pounds, two (hillings, and eight pence halfpenny, or any part thereof, by exchequer bills, inftead of fuch loans as a-forefaid, that then they relpeftively are hereby authorized and empowered, at any time or times, to prepare and make, or caufe to be prepared and made, at the exchequer, any number of new exchequer bills, for any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the (aid fum of one million nine thoufand two hundred feventeen pounds, two (hillings, and eight pence halfpenny, together with fuch loans aforefaid, in the lame or like manner, form, or order, and according to the fame or like rules and directions, as in and by a certain aft of this prefent feflion of parliament, intituled, “ An aft for granting an aid to bis Majejty by a “ land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year “ one tlmfisnd feven hundred andfixty two” are enafted and prescribed, concerning the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of the faid aft.

IX.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every the claufes, provifoes, powers, privileges, advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, contained in the faid laft-mentioned aft, relating to the loans or exchequer bills, authorized to be made by the fame aft (except fuch claufes as do charge the fame on tne taxes granted by the fame aft, and except fuch claufes as limit the rate of intereft to be paid for the forbevance of money lent on the credit of the faid aft) (hall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be paid in purfuance of this aft, as fully and effeftually to all intents and purpofes as if the faid exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the faid laft-mentioned aft, or as if the faid feveral claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated and re-enafted in the body of this prefent aft.

X.  And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all the exchequer bills as (hall be made in purfuance of this act, and the intereft, premium, rate, and charges incident to, or attending tha fame, (hall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and (hall be repaid and borne by ana out of the growing produce of the faid furpluftes, excefles, and overplus monies, or other revenues compofing the finking fund (except fuch monies of the faid finking fund, as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any former or other act or acts of parliament in that behalf) and fuch monies of the faid finking fund (hall and may be ifiiied and applied as foon as the fame can be regularly ftated and afeertained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling, and difeharging fuch exchequer bills, intereft, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them (hall be paid off, cancelled, and difeharged, or money fufficient for that purpofe be kept and referved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the ref-

Thc bank im-poweredto

peftive proprietors thereof. XI. And be it <

declared and further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the governor and

Company

'Anno feouido GeoRgii In.  <87

anpmy of the bank of England, to advanceor lendrtohis Ma-*^v*^eon efty in like manner at the receipt Of the exchequer, upon the ndit of loan granted by this a<£t, any fum or Aims of money, any fum wt exceeding in' the whole the Aim of onemillion nine thouf- fams not ex* Rd two hundred feventeen pounds, two (hillings, and eight ceding halfpenny; any thing in an a&made in the fifth and fixth \

fears of the reign ofKing William and Queen Afary, intituled, *h'e *a ^and “ An  for granting to weir Majefly s feveral rates anddutits upon s Will, and

64 tannage of flips and vefjels, and upon beer, -ale, and other liquors, Mary not-* far fecurtng certain recompences and advantages in thefaid aft men- wkhftanding. 14 turned, to Juch perfons as fkaU voluntarily advance thefum of one mi-44 ban five hundred thoujand pounds, towards carrying on the war 44 agatnjb France,” to the contrary thereof in anyj wife notwith-ftandiug.

XII.  Aond whereas the commons of GreatBritain hr parliament ^bmbled did, in the lafl fejfion of parliament, umnimoufly by an humble eutdrefs to his Majefly, humbly befeech his Majefly, that he would he gracieufly pleafed to confer fame fignal mark of his royal favour upon the right honourable Arthur Onflow efqmre, then fpeaker of the houfe of commons, for hit great and eminent fervices- performed to his country, for the jpace of thirty three years and upwards, during which be had with fuch diflinguijhed ability and integrity prefided in the chair of that houfe, and affured his Majefly that whatever expence his Majefly Jhould think proper to be incurred on that account, the food houfe would'make good the fame to his Majefly: and whereas bis ^

Majefly, itibisanjwer to the[aid dddrefs, was gracioufly pleafedto declare, Ynat he had the juflefl fenfe of the long Jerviees and great merit of Afr. Onflow, W that his Majefly bad already taken the fame into hit confederation, and that he would do therein what Jhould appear to his  '

Majefly to be moft proper, agreeably to the defire of his faithful commons : and whereas by letters patent under the great fed of Great Britain, bearing date the twentieth day of April, in the firfl year of bis Majeftfs reign, bis Majefly, in gracious compliance with the de-fire of the houfe of commons, exprejfed in the faid addrefs, did give and grant unto the fatd Arthur Onflow, in confederation of his great and eminent fervices performed to his country as afirefaid, and as a fignal mark of bisMajefty's royal favour, an annuity, or yearly fum of three tboufimd pounds, to be ijfuing and payable out of, ana charged and chargeable stpoUi the refpeftive monies and revenues’ thereinafter mentioned, to beheld, received, and enjoyed, by the faid Arthur Onflow, his executors, adminiflrators, or djfigns, for and during the natural lives of him the faid Arthur Onflow, and of his fon George Onflow efqmre, and for and during the natural life of the longer liver of them \ and to dire ft that thefaid annuity, or yearly fum of three thouf and pounds, for f$ long time as his Majefly Jhould continue in life, Jhould be charged upon and paid out of any monies which Jrom time to time, Jhould be in the receipt of the exchequer, applicable to the ufes of his Majefly's civil government, and that the faid annuity or yearly fum Jhoidd commence from the day of the date of the faid letters patent: and whereas by virtue and in pursuance of the faidletters patent, feveral payments have been made out of the monies applicable as afcrcjqid, to the faid Arthur Onflow, amounting in the whole to the

/'<§o ogle

:ed h

i SS  Anno  fecundo Georoii IIL [1761,

fom of two thoufand one hundred and thirty four pounds, twelve filings, and threepence halfpenny: and whereas his Majejly has been gracioufly pleafed to ftgnify to his parliament, that it not having been in his Majejly* s power to extend the ejfeft of the faid grant beyond the term of his own life, his Majejly recommends it to bis parliament to conftder of aproper method of extending and fecuring the famejn themofi effectual manner,for the benefit of thefaid Arthur Onflow; now we, your Majejly*s moji dutiful ana loyal fubje&s, the commons of Great Britain in this prefentparliament ajfemhled, being defirous to makegood to your Majejly fuch expenses as have been, and to provide for Jiubas might be, incurred by your Majejly in confequence of the faid grant, and to fettle and fecure, in the mojl beneficial manner, for the ufe of the faid Arthur Onflow, the yearly fom of three thoufand pounds, for and during the term herein after mentioned, agreeably to your Majejlfs mojl gracious intentions, and as a te/Hmony of the grateful and affectionate remembrance which your Majejlfs faithful commons retain of the long continued and eminent fervices of the/w/Arthur Onflow, do therefore mojl humbly befeech your Majejly, that it may be enabled5 and be itena&ed by the authority afbrefaid, That&c, See,

21W. ns. 3d. sq. to be iflued out of the aggregate fund, to makegood the like fum paid to Arthur Onflow efquirc, on account of the annuity granted him by his Majefty, in purfuance of the addrefs of the houfe of

commons.-----The faid annuity charged, and payable for the future

out of the aggregate fund; to commence on jth Jan. 1761, and to be paid quarterly at the exchequer, viz. on 5th April, 5th July, 10th 08. and 5th Jan. Annuity granted by patent to ceafe. — Trealiiry impowered to direct the auditor of the exchequer to make forth, See. debentures for the faid annuity as it (hall become due without fee; the money to be paid thereupon, without further warrant. — Warrant, after being affigned, is not determinable nor revokable by the demife of his Majefty; or the death or removal of any officer of the treafury.-Officers of the trea-

sury to do all a£ts neceflary to render the faid payment effe&ual without

fee.---The receipt of Mr. Ort/bw, his executors, or affigps. See. to be

a fufficient dilcharge for fuch payment; and the faid annuity to be free

of all taxes.--Officers of the exchequer neglecting or refilling to pay

the (aid annuity, or to do any a£fc neceflary thereto, may be fued.

CAP. XXXIV.

An aS for enabling bis Majejly to raife the fum of one million for the ufes and purpofes therein mentioned ■> and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this fefjtan of parliament; and for allowing time for the payment of the fiamp dutief omitted to be patd upon  into  corpo-

rations or companiesy and appointments to offices therein; and for  tbe relief (^"William Earle,  in refpett of a quan-

tity of white falty loft by (be wreck of ajhip near the harbour tf/"Publin.

Mod Gracious Sovereign,

Preamble \X7 E your Majefty's mojl dutiful and loyal fubjeBs, the commons W of Great Britain in parliament  having taken into

our ferious confideration your  mojl gracious  mejfageyjignify-

ingyThat your  Majejly, relying op the known zeal and ojfefiion of

yw

v^.ooQle

6i/J

Anno iecundo Georgii III.

189

tr faithful commons, and confining that in this conjuncture emer-hez/T may arifty which may be of the utmoji importanccy and be -tied with the moft pernicious confequences, if proper means Jhouli t immediately be applied to prevent or defeat them; and that your tfaflj ezljby taking into jour moft Jerious confederation the imminent *t*r with which the kingdom ^Portugal, an ancient and natural y of your crown, is threatened by the powers now in open war with mr Majejhfy and of what importance the prefervation of that ting-m is to the commercial interefts of this country y is deftrousy that we id enable your Majefty to defray any extraordinary expences of the mr incurredy or to be incurred, for the fervice of the year one thou-md fcuen hundred and fixty two \ and to take all fuch meafures as my be neceffary to difappoint or defeat any enterprtzes or defegns of mr enemies againfe your Majefty or your alliesy and as the exigency of Wears may require, have rejohed to give and grant to your Majefty be Jitm of one million for that pwrpofe; and do therefore moft humbly nfetch your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enabled by lie King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and :onfent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aiTembled, and by the authority of the Eime, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the King’s Credit of loan moft excellent Majefty, by warrant or warrants under his royal granted to hit %n manual, to authorize and impower the commiflioners 0fMaicfty tor has Majefty’s treafury now, or for the time being, or any three j^000*000 • or more of them, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, ra[^th7famt a! any time or times before the fifth day of January, one thou- by loans or land feven hundred and fixty three, to caufe or direft any loans exchequer to be taken or received at his Majefty’s exchequer from any bills» perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, body or bodies politico of corporate,' or any number of exchequer bills to be made out there, for any fum or fums of money, not exceeding, in loans and exchequer bills together, in the whole, the faid fum of one in like man*-million, in the fame or like manner, form, and order, and ac- ner as is precording to the fame or like rules and directions, as in and by fcrib«d by th# an ad of this prefent feflion of parliament, intituled, An ail for bi^feffion granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax to be raifed in Great concerning # Britain for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and loans or ex-fixty two, are enafted and prefcribed concerning the loans or cbecl”cr exchequer bills to be taken or made in pursuance of the ^Jeout? ** bid aft.

II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That The claufes, all and every the claufes, provifoes, powers, privileges, advan- &c. in the faid tages, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities contained in the faid «l*t*ng to laft mentioned aft relating to the loans or exchequer bills au- exchequer* thorized to be made by the fame aft (except fuch claufes as do bills thereby charge the fame on the taxes granted by the fame aft, and ex- to be made cept fuch claufes as limit the rate of intereft to be paid for the out> forbearance of money lent on the credit of the faid aft) (hall be applied and extendea to the loans and exchequer bills to be made c?.tcn?cd in purfuance of this aft, as fully and effectually, to all intents and t 1#  '

Jtorpofes, as if the fame loans or exchequer bills had been originally

19®

Arino fecundo Georgii III. £176**

nally authorized by the faidlaft mentioned a<5l, or as if the fakf feveral claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated and rev*ena<5ted in the body of this a<ft.

The fame to III. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afbrefaid, herjepaid out That all fuch loans or exchequer bills, together with the in-fuppUes which tere^y premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the fhall be grant- fame, (nail be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and ed in the next (hall be repaid or borne by or out of the firft aids or fupplies feffion j which lhall be granted in the next feffion of parliament; and in cafe fufficient aids or fupplies for that purpofe (hall not be granted before the fifth day of Jufy, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty three, then all the faid loans or exchequer bills, with the intereft, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the fame, (hall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon fuch monies as, at any time or times at or after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty three, (hall or out of the be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the furplufles, finking fund, exccfies, overplus monies, and other revenues compofmg the (haU°bePrant ^unc* commonty called The Sinking Fund (except fuch monies of ed*before^*11 the -faid (inking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or July, 1763. ufes by any a<ft or adts of parliament in that behalf) and fuch monies of the faid finking fund (hall and may be iffued and applied, as foon as the fame can be regularly dated and afeer-tained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and difeharging* fuch loans or exchequer bills, intereft, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them (hall be paid off, cancelled, and dif-charged, or money fufficient for that purpofe be kept and re-ferved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the refpec-tive proprietors thereof.

Monies iflbed IV. Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority for that pur- aforefaid. That whatever monies (hall be fo imied out of tho ^nkin^fund10 furpluffes, exceflcs, overplus monies, or other revenues tp*bereplaced, compofing the finking fund, (hall, from time to time, be re-* placed by and out of the firft fupplies to be then after granted in parliament$ any thing herein contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

The bank im- V. And be it declared and farther enabled by the authority powered to aforefaid* That it lhall and may be lawful for the governor the fa^credit anc* comPany t^ie ^>an*c of England, to advance or lend to his ofloan, any Majefty in like manner at the receipt of the exchequer, upon the fum or fums credit of the loan granted by this a (ft, any fum or fums of money not exceeding not exceeding in the whole the futn of one million; any thing tyooo^x>o 1. jn an a£ maje ;n ^ fifth fixth years of the reign of King the act c 8c 6 IVilliam and Queen Maryy intituled. An aft for granting to their

W.&JVLnot- Majejlies feveral rates and duties upon tonnage ofJhips and vejfels, and mhftandmg. upQn ^ anj  fecuring  certain  rccompences and

advantages in the faid aft mentioned, to fuch perfons as J.hall voluntarily advance the fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, towards carrying on the war againfi France, to the contrary thereof in any wife not withftanding.

% VI. Pro.

1761.] ; Anno fecundo GEORGii III.  191

VI.  Provided always, and it is hereby ena&ed by the autho- The monies rity aforefaid, That all the monies coining into the exchequer, fn<ys the either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one ad of this fefllonlan of parliament, intituled, An aft for granting an aid to his Maiefly by a land tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two; and fo much money, if any fuch be, of the tax thereby granted, as (hall arife or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame ad, and all the intereft, premium, rate, and changes thereon, and the charges allowable thereby for raifing the laid land tax, (hould be fatished,or money fufficient Stall be referved in the exchequer to fatisfy and difeharge the fame j and alfo all the monies coining into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one other ad of this feflion of\parliament. Malt act, intituled. An aft for continuing and granting to his Majejly certain duties upon malt, mum9 cyder j and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two, and fo much money, if any fuch be, of the duties thereby granted, as (hall arife or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame ad, and all the intereft, premium, rate, and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raifing the faid duties, fhall be fatisfied, ,or money fufficient (hall be referved in the exchequer to fatisfy and difeharge the fame; and alfo all the monies coining into the exchequer by contributions for an- Annuity act, nuities, granted by one other ad of this fef&on of parliament, intituled. An aft for raifing by annuities, in manner therein men-tionedy the fium of twelve millions, to be charged on the finking fund; end for applying the furplus of certain duties on fpirituous liquors, and alfo the monies arifmg from the duties on fpirituous liquors, panted by an aft of this fejfum of parliament; and alfo the fum of with the fum one million nine thoufand two hundred feventeen pounds, two of 1,009,1171, (hillings, and eight pence halfpenny, out of fuch monies as fhall  J

or may arife of the lurpfaffes, excefles, or overplus monies, and themSdng other revenues composing the fund commonly called The Sinking fund *

Fund, direded to be iflued and applied by one other ad of this feflion of parliament, intituled. An aft for granting to his Majejly a certain fum of money out of the finking fund, and for applying certain monies remaining in the exchequer, for the fervice of the year one thoufand Jcven hundred andfixty two 5 and for fettling and fecuring a certain annuity for the ujc of the right honourable Arthur Onflow, fpeaier of the houfe of commons in the laft five parliaments; and alfo the fum of one hundred and fifteen thoufand pounds, aUb the fiun granted by an ad made in the fecond year of his late Majefty's of 115,0101. reign, upon account of arrears of his late Majefly's civil lift replaced out revenues, and now by his Majefly’s diredion replaced and re- of the dvtudfc funded out of the arrears of the faid revenues, which were ftand- Qf * Geo. II. ing out at the time of his late Majefly’s demife ; and alfo the 10#0ooI. fum of twenty thoufand pounds, remaining in the receipt of remaining un-the exchequer, being part of the fum of one hundred thoufand applied in the pounds, granted to his late Majefty in the year one thoufand th^Tney°* feven hundred and fifty eight, upon account, towards defraying granted in

the 1758, towards

192

pay and cloathinjr of the militia ;

and 80,0001. remaining on-applied of the money granted in 1760, towards pay and cloathing of the unembodied militia 3

and 70,0001. remaining unapplied ot the money granted the fail feffion for the fame pur-pofesj

and 73,6781. furplus of the duties on malt, to 5 Jan.176a 3

and the fum of 1,000,0001. granted by this act, are appropriated as follows 3

videlicet, 3,6i»,n6l. 9s. id. theieof, towards naval fervices in general 3

i.oool. for compleating the chapel to Hafler hof-pkal3

Anno (ecundo Georgn lit.  j

the charge of pay and cloathing for the militia for the year < thoufand feven hundred and fifty eight, and for defraying f expences as were actually incurred upon the account of die 1 litia, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and fifty fewj and alfo the fum of eighty thoufand pounds remaining in m receipt of the exchequer, which was granted to his late M* jefty, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty, upoj account, towards defraying the charge of pay and cloatniog fol the unembodied militia for the year ended the twenty fifth d» of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty onej and Urn the fum of feventy thoufand pounds remaining in the receipt ol the exchequer, which was granted to his Majefty in the lad feffion of parliament, upon account, towards defraying tbi charge of the pay of the militia of that part of Great Britain called England, when unembodied, and or the cloathing of the part of the faid militia then unembodied, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty one; and alfo the fum of feventy three thoufand fix hundred and feventy eight pounds, remaining in the receipt of the exchequer, being the furplus of the fcveral duties on malt, efb-blifhed by an alt made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majefty for paying annuities, granted in the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty, after fatisfying all charges and incumbrances thereupon, to the fifth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two, by the faid lift mentioned alt, made in this feffion of parliament, direlted to be ifliicd and applied ; and the further fum of one million by this afi granted, fhall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated, for and towards the fcveral ufes and purpofes herein after exprefled ; that is to fay, it is hereby enalted and declared by the authority aforefaid. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there fhall and may be iffued and applied any fum of fums of money not exceeding three millions fix hundred and twelve thoufand two hundred tweoty fix pounds, nine (hillings, and one penny; for or towards the naval fervices herein after particularly exprefled; that is to fay, for or towards victuals, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed; and for or towards fea fervices in the office of ordnance, performed and to be performed ; and for or towards defraying the ordinary of his Majefty’s navy, and for half-pay to fea officers; and for or towards maintaining nineteen thoufand and fixty one marines; and for or towards the buildings, rebuildings, and repairs, of his Majefty's (hips, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty twoi

VII.  And it is hereby alfo enabled by the authority aforefaid. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there fhall and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding one thoufand pounds, for compleating the chapel ordered to be built for the ufe of the hofpital for fick and wounded feamen at Hajler near Gofport, and fuch other works as may be

after*

1761.3

Anno feeundo Georgii lit.

*93

Afterwards found proper to be performed before the whole work is put out of hand.

VIII.  And it is hereby alfo enabled by the authority aforefaid, $,0ool. for That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there {hall compleating and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money 1 rCj^or^tll not exceeding fix thoufand pounds, for compleating the works hofpiuu \ * of the hofpital for fick and wounded feamen building near "Plymouth.

, „ IX. And it is hereby alfo enafted by the authority aforefaid, *35,6*51. 3s. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there (hall S d. for tranf-and may be iflued ahd applied any fum of fums of money not P°rt exceeding eight hundred thirty five thoufand twenty five pounds, ^5* and three {hillings, and eight pence, for the charee of tranfport fer- Sept’1761. vice, between the firft of October, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty, and the thirtieth of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty one, including the expencc of victualling his Majeft/s land forces within the faid time.

A. And it is hereby alfo enacted fey the authority aforefaid, 6^2,016 1. as. That out of all or any the aids of fupplies aforefaid, there (hall 3d. (or chaise and may be iflued and applied any fiim or fums of money not ofthe office of exceeding fix hundred forty two thoufand nine hundred and f^^rvxcc0* fixteen pounds, two (hillings, 2nd three pence, for the charge of  1

the Office of ordnance for land fervice, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two, and for defraying the extraordinary expence of ferviceS performed by the office of ordnance for land fervice, and not provided for by parliament, in one thoufand fevert hundred 2nd fixty one.

XI.  And it is hereby alfo endeted by the authority aforefaid, 7,677^2051. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there (hall *d. 39-and may be Iflued and applied any lum or fums of money not exceeding feveri millions fix hundred feventy feven thoufand forcci jn gC. two hundred arid five pounds, thirteen (hillings, and tivo pence aeral 3 three farthings, for and towards maintaining his Majefty’s land forces, and other fervices herein after more particularly ex-prefled; that is to (ay, any fum of fums of money not exceeding whereof one million (bt huridfed twenty nine thoufand thrde hundred *>629,3*0!, twenty pounds, eighteen (hillings, and one penny, for defraying ,s s’ the charge of the fixty fevert thou&nd fix hundred arid feventy fix effective men, including thofe in Germahy, and on an expedi-tion, and four thdufarid and eight invalids, and including com-miflion and non-commiflion officers for guards and! garrifons*

And other his Majefty’s land forces in Great Britain, Guernfey, and Jerfey, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty $73>78ol. iSs* two ; and any fum or funis of money not exceeding eight hun- jd. for the dred feventy three thoufand feven hundred and eighty pounds, i^ifons in eighteen (hillings, and feven pence, for maintaining his Ma- fhe phnta-jetty's forces and garrifons in the plantations, Gibraltar, Guade- tions, Guade-Itupe, Africa, ahd the Eaft Indies, and for provisions for the gar-rifons in Novd Scotia, Nczvfmid!and> Gibraltar, Providence, <$tie- indies,%nd bee, Gaudeloupe, Senegal, and Goree, for the year one thoufand provifions for (even hundred and fixty two > and any fum or fums of money thofe in gar# Vot. XXV.  Q  ’  not  ri!oni

giments on the IrUh effc-blifhment ftrving in North America ;

194  Anno fecundo Georg n lit' £176#.'

*j,*»4l.o«.6d. not exceeding twenty three thoufand two hundred eighty four for the 4 re- pounds, and fix pence, for defraying the charge of tout regiments of foot on the Irijb eftablifiunent ferving in North America* for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two ; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding one hundred fixty three thoufand feven hundred and eleven pounds, twelve (hillings* and fix pence, for defraying the charge of an augmentation to id for aue-* Majefty’s forces, confiding of nine thoufand three hundred mentation of anc^ feventy men, from the twenty fifth day of  one

the forces j thoufand feven hundred and fixty one, to the twenty fourth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two, bom ?s,tg6l. 14 s. inclufivej and any fum or fums of money not exceeding feventy a d. for pay of two thoufand eight hundred ninety fix pounds, fourteen fhiHLngs, she general, and two pence, for the pay of the general, and general ftaff om-fhtf officer i ccrs» ^ officers of the hofpitals for his Majefty’s land forces* * for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two; and any 44j,9<al. 10s. fum or fums of money not exceeding four hundred forty three wr thoufand nine hundred fifty two pounds, ten (hillings, and ten b^^fdmiliriai pcnce> for defraying the charge of the embodied militia of the and fencible * feveral counties in South  ,  and  of  the  fencible  men  Of

men of Ar- Argylejhire, and of lord Sutherland's battalion of highlanders in gylefoireitaA North Britain, from the twenty fifth day of  ,  one

land'sbatta- t^lou^an<^ feven hundred and fixty one, to tne twenty fourth dw lion of High- °f December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two, boot landers i inclufive, being three hundred and fixty five days; and any fum <0,706!. 4s.id. or fums of money not exceeding'fixty thoufand feven hundred for cloathing and fix pounds, four (hillings, and one penny, upon account, the embodied for defraying the charge of cloathing for the embodied militia, *w  for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two; and

•0,0001. to- any fum or fums of money not exceeding twenty thoufand ■wards pay and pounds, upon account, towards defraying the charge of the pay cloathing of Qf tfoe militia of that part of Great Britain called England, when di^nSkii j unembodied, and of the cloathing of the part of the faid militia now unembodied, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two ; and any 34,3*3]. to the fum or fums of money not exceeding thirty four thoufand three reduced offi- hundred and eighty three pounds, upon account of the reduced officers of his Majefty’s land forces and marines, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two; and any fum or a,9Sa1.,T^. ^ums moncY not exceeding two thoufand nine hundred fifty to the orem two pounds, thirteen (hillings, and four pence, for defraying the charge for allowances to the feveral officers and private gentlemen of the two troops of horfe guards, and regiment of horfe, reduced, and to the fuperannuated gentlemen of the four troops of horfe guards, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding one thoufand eight hundred and thirty eight pounds, for the paying of penfions to widows of fuch reduced officers of his Majefty’s land forces and marines as died upon the eftablifh-ment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty fifth day of December^ one thoufand

fovea

cera of the land force* and marines;

and private gentlemen of the 2 troops of horfe guards, and regiment of horfe, reduced, &c. 1,838 1. for penfions to officers wi-‘dovrs;

Anno fecilndo GfioRGlt IIL

fcven hundred and fixteen, for the year one thousand fevert hundred and fixty two} and any fum or fums of money not exceeding thirteen thoufand feven hundred forty nine pounds* 13,749!. rotten (hillings* arid five pence, upon account, for out-penfions of * d. for euu Gbelfea Heftitai, fof the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two •, and any fum Or Alms of money not exceeding four pjul} hundred fixty five thoufand fix hundred thirty eight pounds,^. $jjj. ,5^ fixteen (hillings, and two pence three farthings, for defraying *d.’jq. for die charge or thirty nine thoufand (even hundred and feventy troops of three men of the troops of Hanover,  ISaxe Gotha,

and the Count of Buckeburgg,together with that of general and Saxe Gotha, * ftaff officers, actually employed againft the common enemy, in and count * concert with the King of Pruffia, from the twenty fifth day of Buckeburgg t December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty one, to the twenty fourth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two, both inclufive, to be ifibed in advance, every two to tie itTued, in months, in like manner as the pay of the  forces now in advance, eve-

thefervice of Great Britain, the faia body of troops to be muftered by an Enghfb comimfifory, and the effective ftate thereof to be to be muftei> afceitained by the fignature of the commander in chief of the ed by an laid forces; and any fum of fums of money riot exceeding two Enelifli coni-hundred fixty eight thoufand three hundred and fixty pounds* eight (hillings, and eight pence, for defraying the charge of figned by the two thoufand one hundred twenty horfe, and nine thoufand nine commander hundred foot, together with the general and ftaff officers* the m chief j officers of the holpital, and officers and others belonging to the *6^3601. gs* train of artillery, the troops of the landgrave of HeJJe CaJJel, in the pay of Great Britain, for three hundred and fixty five days, troops of the from tne twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feveri hun- landgrave of dred and fixty one, to the twenty fourth day of December * one Hefle Caffd I thoufand feven hundred and fixty two* both days inclufive* together with the fubfidy for the faid time, purfuant to treaty; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding one hundred forty 147,0711. $u feven thoufand and feventy one pounds, five (hillings, and two *d. for charge pence, for defraying the charge of an additional corps of one of an «dditi-thoufand five hundred feventy fix horfe, and eight thoufand troop? of eight hundred and eight foot, together with the general and landgrave ftaff officers, the officers of the hospital, and officers and others of HeffeCaffdi belonging to the train of artillery, the troops of the landgrave of HeJJe Cajfely in the pay of Great Britain, for three hundred fixty hve days, from the nrft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred ana fixty two, to the thirty firft day of December following, both days inclufive, purfaant to treaty 5 and any fum or fums of money not exceeding fixty eight thoufand and eight 6g,0o8l. vs.id* pounds, nine fhillings, and one penny, for defraying the charge for fubfidy of one thoufand four hundred forty four cavalry, and two thou- and troops of fandthree hundred thirty infantnr, the troops of the reigningp a^wkka duke of Brunfivick, in the pay of Great Britain, for three him- r * dred fixty five days, from the twenty fifth day or December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty one, to the twenty fourth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two,

O 2  both

CjOOQIC

19$  Anno fecundo Georgh HI. £17614

both days inclufivc, together with the fubfidy for the laid time,' purfuant to treaties ; and any fum or fums of money not ex-seeding twenty five thoufand five hundred and four pounds, 6* for charge of (hillings, and eight pence,- for defraying the charge of five bar-j byall.0fl8 talioris ferving with his Majefty’s army in Germany, each battalion Germany-  confiding of one troop of one hundred and one men, and four

y*  companies of foot of one hundred and twenty five men in each

company, with a corps of artillery, for three hundred and fixty five days, from the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty one, to the twenty fourth day of December* one thoufand ieven hundred and fixty two, both day* inclufive; and any fum or (urns of money not exceeding one million three hundred fifty three thoufand fix hundred fixty binary cx^" PPun<*s> f°ur (hillings, and one penny, for defraying the pcncwOT hmd extraordinary expences of his Majefty’s land forces, and other forces, and fervices incurred, to the twenty fourth day of November* one other fervices thoufand feven hundred and fixty one, and not provided for by

in ^idedT • Par^amcnt i an<* any fum or fums of money not exceeding one provi or, mjjjjon^ Upon account, towards defraying the charges of forage, a ,000,000 !• bread, bread waggons, train of artillery, and of provifions, and other ex-  ftraw,  et cetera\ and other extraordinary expences and

traordinary * contingencies of his Majefty’s combined army under the com-expences of mand of prince Ferdinand* and any fum or fums of money not the combined exceeding nine hundred fifty eight thoufand three hundred Germ,n * eighty four pounds, and ten pence, for defraying the extraor-_r any * dinary expences of his Majefty's land forces, and other fervices 20 d? for ex!* incurred, from the twenty fourth day of November, one thou-traordinary fand feven hundred and fixty one, to the twenty fourth day of expences of December following, and not provided for by parliament; and the land  any fum or fums Qf money not exceeding fifty thoufand pounds*

rces, &c.  Qn account> towards aflifting hi9 Majefty to grant a reafonable

1761, noTpro- fuccour* in money, to the landgrave of Hejfe Caffiel, purfuant to videdforj treaty.

and 50,000 1. for the landgrave of Hefle Caffel, purfuant to treaty} i,000,0001. to  XII. And it is hereby alfo enabled by the authority aforefaid,

difeharge the That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there fhall like (um bor- ancj may bc jflrucci applied any fum or fums of money not mntto a vote excee^ing one million, to enable his Majefty to difeharge the of credit of the like fum raifed in purfuance of an ad made in the laft fefiion of lad fdfion i parliament, and charged upon the firft aids or fupplies to be granted in this fefiion of parliament, i,500,000!. for XIII. And it is hereby alfo enaded by the authority aforefaid, paying off ex- That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there (hall chequer bills an(j may ifTued and applied any fum or fums of money not virtue of^an^ exceeding one million five hundred thoufand pounds, to enable of the lad his Majefty to pay off and difeharge the exchequer bills made fetiion; out by virtue of an ad paffed in the laft fefiion of parliament, intituled. An a& for enabling bis Majejiy to raife a certain fum of money towards paying off and difekarging the debt of the navy, and towards naval fervices* for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty pne j and for allowing further time for making affidavits of the exe~

action

*76i.]

Anno (ccundo Georg ii III.

197

cut ion of articles or contrafts of clerks to attornies or[oTicitors, andfifing thereof and charged upon the firft aids or fupplies to be granted in this fefiion of parliament.

XIV.  And it is hereby alfo enafled by the authority afore- <,6841. is.iod. laid. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there for charge* of lhall and may be iffued and applied any fum or fums of money

not exceeding five thoufand fix hundred eighty four pounds, one NovaScotia*

(hilling, and ten pence, upon account, for maintaining and fup-  1

porting the civil eftabliftunent of his Majefty’s colony of Nova

Scotia, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and iixty two ;

and any fum or fums of money not exceeding four thoufand and 4,0571. to s.

fifty feven pounds, and ten (hillings, upon account, for defray- for charges of

ing the charges of the civil eftablilnment of his Majefty's colony y * CIV,1

of Georgia, and other incidental expences attending the fame, Gcorg^ °

from the twenty fourth of June, one thoufand feven hundred  *

and fixty one, to the twenty fourth of June, one thoufand feven

hundrea and fixty two.

XV.  And it is hereby alfo further enadted by the authority 133,3331. 6s.

aforefaid. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, 8d. as a coni-there (hall and may be iffued and applied any fum or fums of  to

money not exceeding one hundred thirty three thoufand three inNorthAnvL hundred thirty three pounds, fix (hillings, and eight pence, rica, for ex-upon account, to enable his Majefty to give a proper compenfa- pences incur* tion to the refpedtfve provinces in North America, for the ex-

pences incurred by them in the levying, cloathing, and pay of ** rc * the troops raifed by the fame, according as the attive vigour and ftrenuous efforts of the refpedlive provinces (hall be thought by his Majefty to merit; and any film or fums of money not exceeding twenty thoufand pounds, upon account, to be paid *0,009!. to the

to the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft India Eafi' Indies, towards enabling them to defray the expence of a Sa7^c?iargo military force in their fettlements, to be maintained by them in of a military ’

lieu of the battalion of his Majefty’s forces commanded by lieu- force 5 tenant general Adlercron, withdrawn from thence, and now returned to Ireland \ and any fum or fums of money not exceeding fifteen thoufand pounds, to be paid into the chamber of the ij>ooo1. for city of London, to be applied towards the improving, widening, repairmg, &c, and enlarging the paflage over and through London Bridge, Bridge** without account, other than as is directed for the monies raifed 1 by an a ft made in the twenty ninth year of his late Majefty’s reign, intitpled, An aft to improve, widen, and enlarge the pajjage over and through London Bridge; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding forty one thoufand feven hundred fifty two 41,751!. x*s, pounds, and ten (hillings, upon account, towards enabling the to tbe found-

governors ^nd guardians of the hofpital for the maintenance bng hofpital|

and education of exppfed and deferted young children, to main- ^faVutfo t tain and educate fuch children as were received into the faid hofpital on or before the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty, from the thirty firft day of Deember, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty one exclufive, to (he thirty firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and ^

.  •  0  3  fixty

Anno fecundo Georoii III. [176 x;

fixty two inplufive; and that the faid fum be ifiued and paid for the ufe of the faid hofpital without fee or reward, or any deduction whatfoever; and any fum or fums of money not cx-X3/>eo1. for seeding thirteen thoufand pounds, to be employed in main-fupportingthe taining and fupporting the fort at Annamaboe, and other the fcrts and let- Jiritifb forts and fettlements upon the coafl of Africa \ ahd: any fum or fums o£ monCy not cxcceding two thoufand pounds, towards enabling the truftees of the Britijb Mufaum to carry on the execution of the truft repofed in them by parliament $ and any fum or fums of money not exceeding four thoufand pounds, towards enabling the commifTioners appointed by an a<5f palled in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majefiy, intituled. An aft for repairing and widening the roads from Deanbum Bridge, through Greenlaw, and part of Jedburgh rW, by Lauder in tie jhire ^Berwick to Comhill in the county 0/*Durham, and for building a bridge over the Tweed near Coldftream, to build the faid fridge, and to defray fuch other expences as may be found neceffary in relation thereto : and any fum or fums of money hot exceeeding ten thoufand five hundred and forty pounds, to replace tp the finking fund the like fum paid out of the lame.

tlemenU in Africa $

aooo L to the truftees of the Britijji jMufaeum $ 40001. for building a bridge over the Tweed near Cold-dream j

ao,c4©l. to jnxke good the deficiency

m Tul j"6j t0 ma*ce g°°d l^e deficiency on the fifth day of July, one tbou-pf the duties feven hundred and fixty one, of the feveralduties on malt

sJuly, 1761, of the duties on places and pcnfions, and Upon boufci and windows;

of___________________________________ t

on malt grant- granted by an aft Tricejimo tertio Georgti fecundi, to anfwer an-ed by a^t 33 nujties ?fter the rate 01 four pounds per centumy charged there-Geo. II. jupon ; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding fifty two 5d393l*t*$ thoufand three hundred ninety three pounds, fixteen (hillings, make*goodthe an<! nir}c pence halfpenny, to replace to the finking fund tbe like deficiency oh fum paid out of the fame, to make good the deficiency on the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty one, of the feveraj rates and duties upon offices and penfions, and upon houfes, and upon windows or lights, which were made a fund by an a eft Tricefimp primo Georgiifecundi, for paying annuities at the bank of England, in refpcCt of five millions borrowed towards the fupply granted for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight j and any fum or fums of *0^90$ 1- to money not exceeding pne hundred and three thoufand nine make good the hundred and fix pounds, to replace to the finking fund the like s Julyfum paid out of the fame, to make gpod the deficiency on the ot th^addi- fifth day of July* one thoufand fevep hundred and fixty one, of tional duty on the additional duty upon ftropg beer and ale, to anfwer and pay the feveral annuities of three pounds per centum, and one pound ^ T*5 two (hillings and fuc pence per centum, op eleven millions four hundred thoufand pounds, part of twelve pillions borrowed towards the fupply granted to his Majefty by an a<ff Primo Georgii tertii, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty one j and any fum or fums of money not exceeding .1*1,6131. 5 s. one hundred and twelve thoufand fix hundred and thirteen $d. 1 q tomake pounds, five (hijlings, and five pence farthjng, to make good ti**1 of the deficiency of the grants for the fervice of the year one though”** for the fand feven hundred and fixty one; and any fum or fums of year 17613 mopey po£ exceeding one thoufand five hundred pounds, to

4’    'make

tyGi.y Anno fccunda Gxoroii III,  ip9>

(lake good the like fuip iflued, purfuant to an *ddref$ of the *5oohton*ak« [pqfe of commons, by his Majefty to Jeremiah Dyfony efquire,  ikc

►wards defraying the expence of printing the journals of the ^rfiant to hmfe of commons from the beginning of the ninth parliament addrefs, to € Great Britain to the end of the laft feffion of parliament, and Jeremiah Ifo towards defraying the cxpence of making and printing in-  *°*

knees to the fecond, third, fourth, fifth, fixth, and feventh vo- Cxpence of Mki of the journals of the houie of commons which have been printing the , iready printed.

Hornals of the hoafe of commons;

* XVI. And it i9 hereby alfo enacted by the authority aforefaid, and fbat out of all or any tne aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, j.000,0001. Itte (hall and may be iflued and applied any fijm or fums Qoaiy not exceeding one million, upon account, to enable his extraordinary Majefty to defray any extraordinary expences of the war in- expencet of {nrred, or to be incurred, for the fervice of the year one thou- the war, for find feven hundred and fixty two, and to afljft the kingdom Portugal an ancient and natural ally of his Majefty’s crown* the kingdom and to take all fuch meafures as may be necefigry to difappoint of Portugal, pnd defeat any enterprize9 or defigns of his enemies, again!! his Majefty, or his allies, and as the exigency of affairs may require.

XVII.  And it is hereby further enafted by the authority Thefp aids to aforefaid, That the laid aids and fupplies provided as aforefaid, be applied to (M not be iflued or applied to any ufe, intent, or purpofe M ©ther ufei| whatsoever, other than the ufes and purpofes before-mentioned,

or for the fevcral deficiencies or other payment* directed to be Satisfied thereout by any adt or adfcs, or any particular claufe or daufes for that purpbfe contained in any other a<ft or a£ts of this prefent feffion or parliament,

XVIII,  And, as to the (aid fum of thirty four thoul^md three Rules to be hundred and eighty three pounds, by this a<5t appropriated, on obferved in account of hair-pay as aforefaid, it is hereby enacted and de- t!,c apJ^* dared by the authority aforefaid. That the rules herein after j^.pay,9 prefcribed, (hall be duly obferved in the application of the (aid * half-pay; that is to lay. That no perfon mail have or receive

any part of the fame, who was a minor, and under the age of fixteen years at the time when the regiment, troop, or com-? pany, in which he ferved, was reduced j that no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, except fuch perfon who did adhial fervice in fome regiment, troop, or company; that no perfon having any other place or employment of profit, civil or military, under hi* Majefty, fhall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay ; that no chaplain of any garrifon or regiment, who has any ecclefiaftical benefice in Great Britain or Ireland,

(hall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay; that no perfon lhall have or receive any part qf the fame, who has refigned his cpuunifiion, and has had no commiflion fince; that no part of the lame (hall be allowed to any perfon by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to fuch perfons as would have been f&erwifo intitlcd to the lame as reduced officers $ and that no

0 4  j>vt

too  Anno  fecundo GeoRGII III. £1761?

part of the fame (hall be allowed to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot* lately dif-banded in Ireland, except to fuch as were lately taken off the eftabliftunent of half-pay in Great Britain.

CJau(e in the  XIX, And whereas by an aft of parliament made and faffed in the

pc o iGcodh  year 0j* fa prejent ftfajejly's reign, intituled, “ An aft for ena-

“ bling his Majejly to raife the fttm of one million, for the ufes and purpofes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the fup~ fc plies granted in this feffton of parliament; and for exempting any annuities or fums of money granted, or to be granted, to the royal “ family from payment of taxes ” the feveral fupplies which had been granted to his prefent Majejly, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to the feveral ufes and purpofes therein expreffed; amongfe 'which, any fum or fums not exceeding thirty four thoujand eight hundred fifty four pounds, nine/hillings, and two pence, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majefiys land forces and marines, fubjeft nevertbeiejs to fuch rules to be obferved in the application of the faid half-pay, tit in and by the aforefaid aft were preferibed in Application© f that behalf: how it is hereby provided, enaftcd, and declared by the favings of the authority aforefaid, *That fo much of the faid fum of thirty the fum of four thbufancf eight hundred fifty fotlr pounds, nine (hillings, granted an<* t'vo Penc.e* as *s Pr lhah be more than fufficient to fatisfy laft (Sion the faid reduced officers, according to the rules prefcribed by the towards faid aft to be obferved in the application thereof, or any part of p^-pay.  overplus, (hall and may be difpofed of to fuch officers who

are maimed, or have loft tneir limbs in the late wars, or fuch others as by reafon of their long fervkre, or otherwife, his Ma-jefty (hall^udge to be proper objects of clarity, or to the widows or children of futh officers, according to fuch warrant or warrants, under his Majefty’s royal fign manual, as (hall be (igned in that behalf $ any thing in this aft or the faid former aft to the contrary notwithftanaing.

XX. And whereas divers admiffions of perfons into corporations and companies, and admijficns or appointments to offices in corporations and companies, within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, have, through the miftake, inadvertency, or negleft, of the officers of fuch corporations and companies, been omitted to be Jlamped, as by feveral afts of parliament is required, whereby the titles to the refpeftive franchifes and offices of the perfons or officers fo admitted or appointed may be drawn into difpute; Further time be it therefore en^fted by the authority aforefaid, That upon the flowed for payment at any time before the laft day of Michaelmas term, one thoufand feven hundred and lixty two, of the duties impofed by u* admif- law upon, for, or in refpeft of fuch admiffions or appointments, fions and ap- unto the perfon or perfons authorized to receive fuch duties* pointments of ^nd the rendering fuch admiffions or appointments to the pro-to  per officers, in order that the duties may be impreffed thereon ;

und offices  fuch admiffions af*d appointments, arid all afts done or to be

^  '  done in confequence thereof, (hall be as valid and effeftual to

all intents and purpofes, as if fuch admiffions and appointments had been (tamped, and the duties paid, previous to, or at the ' * •  .  time

20f

*761.]  Anno  fecundo Georgii III.

time of fuch admiffions or appointments, and in fuch manner and form as is directed, appointed, and required, by the feveraj ?ds of parliament relating to the faid duties; and the refpedive officers of fuch corporations and companies, and other perfons, fliali, from the time of the payment of fuch duties refpedively, and the tender of fuch admiffions and appointments for the duties to be impofed thereon, be and are hereby freed, exonerated, and difcharged, from all penalties impofed by the faid ads, for or in refped of the omiffion in the (lamping of, and payment of the duties charged upon fuch refpedive admiffions and appointments, within the time and in the manner direded and required by the fi*id ads, and the commiffioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties payable to his Majefty, his heirs, and fuccelTors, and charged on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, and their proper officers and fervants are hereby required and injoined to receive fuch duties, and to caufe the admiffions or appointments (b tendered, to be imprefled or (lamped with the proper mark or marks, (lamp or (lamps, ufed for denoting the payment of the faid duties ; any thing in the faid ads con-tuned to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXI. And whereas in the month of December, one thoufand[even ciatife for hundred andfifty nine, at Liverpoole in the county palatine of Lan- relief of W, cafter, there was Jhipped on hoard the Drake, James Mackenzie l*J*m mafiery by William Earl of Liverpoole aforefaidy for the north feaSy jben hundred and twenty bujhels of white falty for the duty whereof into Dublin bond was given by the faid William Earl, Jofeph Carter, and James harbour. Mackenzie; and the faid veffely the Drake, going into the harbour Dublin, was wreckedy whereby the fait above mentioned was lojl and perijhed in the fea; but the proof of fuch lofs could not be made within the time limited by law ; be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the bond Qr bonds given by the faid William Early Jofeph Carter, and James Mackenzie, for and in refped of the duty of the faid feven hundred and twenty bu(hels of fait fo loft, (hall forthwith be delivered up, difeharged, and vacated, and the fame is and are hereby difcharged and vacated accordingly ; any ad or ads of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XXXV.

4n aS for applying the money granted in this feffion of parliament , towards defraying the charge of the pay of the militia of that part of Great Britain called England, when unembodiedy and of the cloathing of the part of the faid militia now unembodiedy for one yeaty beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two.

WHEREAS the fujn of twenty thoufand pounds has been grant- Preamble.

ei to bis Majefiyy upon account towards defraying the charge of pay and cloathing for the unembodied militiay for one yeary from the twenty fifth day of March* one thoufand feven hundred and fixty r  two:

v^-ooQie

202

Anno fecundo Georgii IH.

two: in order therefore that the charge of pay and cloatbing for fuch mi* litia may be duly and properp defrayed and fatisfied: be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this Wh th £refent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, xnilida is or That in every county, riding, or place within that part of Great /hall be raifed, Britain called England, where the militia is or (hail be railed, but not embo- and is or lhall not be embodied, the receiver or receivers gene-died, the re- raj Qf the land tax of fuch county, riding, or place refpedhvely, ofthe Sunty during the time that fuch militia lhall continue not emit to iflue* y bodied, iflue and pay the whole fums required in the manna0 months pay in and for the feveral ufes herein after-mentioned 5 that is to lay, advance, ac- for the pay of the faid militia for four calendar months in a<U eftabliSment* vance> at t*ie rale °f killings a day for each adjutant, where of pay here fet an adjutant is appointed; and at the rate of one (hilling for each down i ferjeant, with the addition of two (hillings and fix pence a week for each ferjeant major, where a ferjeant major is appointed; and at the rate of fix pence a day for each drummer, with the addition of fix pence a day for each drum major, where a drum major is appointed; and alfo at the rate of five pence a month for each private man and drummer, for defraying the contingent expences of each regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia; and alfo for half a year’s falary for the clerk of each regiment or battalion of militia belonging to fuch county, riding, or place, at the rate of fifty pounds a year j and alfo for the refpedhve allowances to the clerk of the general meetings, and clerks of the feveral fubdivifion meetings, at the rates following; that is to fay, to the clerk of the general meet-ings, at the rate of five pounds five (hillings for each meeting; fion meetings j and to the feveral clerks of the fubdivifion meetings, at the rate and pay for of one pound one (hilling for each meeting ; and alfo for the cloathing of the militia for fuch county, riding, or place, after the rate of three pounds ten (hillings for each ferjeant, and two pounds for each drummer, with the addition of one pound for each ferjeant major, and each drum major; and with refpe# to the private militia men where the militia hath not already been cloathed, or hath not been cloathed within three years, at the rate of one pound ten (hillings for each private man.

II. Provided neverthelefs. That in any county, riding, or place, where pay has not been yet iftued for the militia, no fuch fum (hall be iffued until his Majefty’s lieutenant, or in his ab-fence, any three deputy lieutenants of any fuch county, riding, or place, (hall have certified to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, and to the receiver general of the land Tax, that three fiftns of the number of private militia men of fuch county, riding, or place, have been inrolled; and that threq fifths of the proportion of their commifiion officers have accept-

with half a year's falary to tbe regimental and battalion clerks * and the allowances to the clerks of the general and Tubdivi-

cloathing of the militia.

Tbe above fums are not to be paid, it pay has not before been ifitted, till the M. lieut.or deputies (hall have certified to the trea-

fury ami i ccei- e(j tjjC;r commiflions, and qtter?d their qualifications, as by la^

▼ers ^citcrdi  •  «

the imminent required.

of three fifths of the men and officers.

W.M4

Aano fccundo Georoii III.  203

JH. And be it ena<9ed, That all fuch fums of money afore- The money it except fuch as (hall be due to the feveral clerks of the to be iflued by meetings aforefaid, (hall be paid by the (aid receiver or receivers the rcc5‘ver. general of the land tax, into the hands of the clerk or clerks of f£rk of the the regiments or battalions of militia belonging to fuch county, regiment or riding, or place, upon his or their producing his or their war- battalion (ex-rant or warrants of appointment to fuch office, under the hand thc and fcal of his Majefty’s lieutenant for fuch refpedtive county, the clerk*fof riding, or place; and where the militia (hall be formed into an tbe meetings) incletoendapt company, or independant companies, fuch fums as upon produc-afWefald (hall be paid by the faid receiver or receivers general ***& the war-of the land tax, into the hands of the refpedtive captain of each ^^tment independent company of militid, Or to fuch perfon as fuch re- and for indt-fpte£five captain (hall authorize to receive the fame, according pendent com* to tfce number of perfons hereby irititled to receive pay ana PaI^»t0 doathing, of which fiich regiment or regiments, battalion or battalions, independent company or independent companies, their*order, ihall have been appointed to conffit; and fuch receiver or re- a fecond pay* covers general of the land tax, (hall alfo, within fourteen days ment is alfo to after the expiration of the third calendar month from the time t>e made with -of the faid firft payment, make, a (econd payment for four ca- Tbefirft lendarmonths in advance; and (hall alfo, within fourteen days Jnda third * after the expiration of the third calendar month from the time of within three the feud fecond payment, make a third payment for four calendar months after moriths in advance, for the pay and toritingent expences of the fccond# militia, and for the allowances to the regimental or battalion elerk or clerks aforefaid, in the proportions herein before-mentioned ; and the receipts of fuch clerk or clerks, and of fuch Receipts of captain 6f an independent company, or captains of independent the perfons to companies, or of luch perfon or perfons as fuch captain or cap-tains (hall fo authorize to receive fuch money as aforefaid, (hall ^ 10 be a (ufficient discharge to fuch receiver or receivers general of charge the the land tax, for the ieveral fums of money fo by him or them receivers ge-pajd.  ncral-

IV.  And be it ei>a<£ted, That the clerk of each regiment or ^he regimen-battalion of militia (hall forthwith, after the receipt of fuch fums tal and battar of money as aforefaid, pay, orcaufe to be paid, one calendar lion clerks are pnonth’s pay in advance to the adjutant of fuch regiment or toPay»n ad-battalion refpedtively \ and to the captain or commanding of-ficer of each company belonging to fuch regiment or battalion, to the adju-two months pay in advance for thc feijeants, drummers, and tarn * and » $hc contingent expences of his refpedtive company; and alfo months pay to the commanding officer of the company to which the fer- t^n fortEc jeant -major and drum-major (hall belong, two months pay in ferjeant*, advance for fuch feijeant and drum-major; and fo, from time drummers, to time, fo long as any money on that account (hall remain ^d contin-in his hands : which pay every fuch captain or commanding officer is hereby required to diftribute to each perfon belonging company;and to his company by this a<ft intitled to receive the fame, as it for the fer-fhall become due; and (hall, once in every year, give in to the jeant-major plerk of the regiment or battalion to which luph company (hall

$  belong,  thecommand*

5ng officer of the company to which they belong:

captains to di* ftnbute the pay accord-ingly} and account for the fame yearly to the clerk or receiver general, if an independent company, according to the following fonp j

Anno fecundo Georgii IIL [1761!

belong, or, if captain of an independent company, to the receiver general, an account of the feveral payments he (hall have made in purfuance of this adt, according to the following form:

County of

Dr.

To calk received of Mr.

regimental orl battalion clerk, or re-1 ceiver general, at tbe > cafe Jball be> for two 1 months pay in ad-J vanct.

£

S. d.

Cr.

for  y

rom tbe  r

he . of  I

int-major (if ) company) j for  ^

rom the  /

ic of j

Per Contra

Paid ferjeant for days pay from of to the following Ditto as ferjeant-major (if ) one in the company) J Paid ferjeant for days pay from of r to the following Paid drummer days at 6 d. from the of to the of following — tt— Ditto as arum-major (if one in the company) Paid drummer days from the of to the of following Two months contigen-cies for men and two drummers at 5 d. per month each

/. d.

and pay back And (hall pay back to the fald clerk, or to the receiver general, the Airplus as the cafe (hall be, the furplus (if any) of the money.by him, lTands* ex ^ ^rom **mc to received, ana then remaining in his nands, cept the con- cxceP* the money by this a & allowed for contingent expences, tingentexpen- which (hal( once in every year be accounted for by the captain ces, which is of each cpmpany refpedttvely, in manner aforefaid, and the bate be account- jance thereof (hall be by him paid into the hands of the clerk andTpplied to  regiment or battalion tp which fuch company (hall be-

th* general long, to be applied to the general ufe of the faid regiment or bat-ufe of the re- talion, as the field officers and captains thereof, or the greater giment, &c. part 0f them, (hall, at a general fleeting,diredl ; and the captain dependent eac^ independent company is hereby required to diftribute companies to to each perfon belonging to his company intitled thereto, fuch diftribute the money as he (hall receive by virtue of this a<5t; and the faid pay to their money allowed for the contingent expences of each independent Synthemo-P* company of militia (hall be rcfpedHvely applied to the particular ney allowed yfe of fuch independent company by tne captain thereof, forcontingent V. And be it enadted, That the faid regimental or battalion expences. clerk may an(| fhall retain to his own ufe, out of the money fo by Clerk to re- him received, fuch further fums as (hall cpmplete the allowance tain money in herein before made for his fajary ; and fuch regimental or bat-his hands tor talion clerk (hall pay to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall produce w own laU- an or(jer frotn Majefty’s lieutenant, or from the commandant difeharge ing officer of fuch regiment or battalion, fuch fums of money

the cioatliing as (ha|l be due and owing for or on account of the c|oathing of bills^, r  *  *  ft*

v^.ooQle

Anno&cundoGEoRGH II!/  aog

the laid regiments or battalions* not exceeding the rates herein before mentioned.

VI.  And be it further ena6fed by the authority aforefaid, When the That whenever his Majefty's lieutenant together with two or

more deputy lieutenants, and on the defath or removal, or in puSes*thall^ the abfence of his Majefty’s lieutenant, any three or more have fixed the deputy lieutenants of any county, riding, or place, (hall have days of exer-fixed the days of exercife for the militia, he or they (hall, as foon as may be, certify the fame to the receiver general of fuch cemfythe county, riding, or place, fpecifying the number of men, and fame to the the number ot days fuch men are to be abfent from home on receiver gene-account of fuch exercife ; and fuch receiver general is hereby J?1* fpecitying required, within fourteen days after the receipt of fuch certifi- m«£andday* cate, to iffue and pay to the clerk of the feveral regiments or they (hall be7 battalions, or to the captains of the independent companies, as abfent from the cafe (hall be, at the rate of one (hilling per day for each pri-rate militia man, with the addition of fix pence day for each nem/to^iSbe corporal of the militia, fo to be called out to exercife, for the thereupon pay number of days fuch militia men (hall be abfent from home on for the men account of fuch exercife; and the faid regimental or battalion to.the regi-derks are hereby required forthwith to pay to each captain of £*nta c crk* the faid regiments or battalions the proportion of pay belonging who it to pay to their relpedtive companies.  over the fame

VII.  And be it further ena&ed. That during the time of fuch x?thc exercife as aforefaid, the captains of every company (hall maketive ^P1*1118-a field return, to be delivered to the commanding officer, and Captains to likewife keep an account of every day's exercife; which ac- m"ce ftcId . count (hall, at the end of the time of exercife, be examined by

the commanding officer, and compared with the faid return, officer ; and keep account of every day's exercife, to be examined and compared with the return.

VIII.  And be it further enaded. That the captain of each Captains to company (hall make up an account of all monies received, and paid by him on account of fuch exercife, according to the fol- cording to* lowing form :  the following

form;

County of  1

To cafh received of the regimental or battalion clerk, or receiver general, as the toft /ballot» for Day's pay of  men

Which account (hall be figned by the faid captain, and counter- t0 ^ fi^cd figned by the commanding officer ; and fuch captain (hall, with- by them and in ten days after the time of fuch exercife, deliver fuch account, countcrligned and pay tne ballance^ if there be any due, to the regimental or hy comr battalion clerk; or if captain of an independent company, to lngot* die receiver general; and fuch accounts (hall be allowed as fuf- and delivered

ficient with thc bal-

Dr.

I

Per Contra

Cr.

Paid militia men at] exercife days Paid additional pay to : corporals

pv;\

Anno ftctando Georgii lit.  f x 761*#

fident vouchers in the paffing of the accounts of fuch icctii# general at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer.

Accounts allowed fufficient vouchers.

Darinz the  IX. Provided always, and be it enadled, That ivheit any ifci

time the  giment, battalion, or independent company ofmilitia or XtaH

be embodied and called out ji>to adtual fervice, and thereby the csSedhout!Into officer and private militia men are or flull be ir^titjed Vo&p a£hial fervice, fame pay as the officers and private men in hi? Majefty’s ogvor and receive regiments of foot receive, all pay from the receiver or receivers Stm*** other ?enera^ ^nd tax for the county, riding, or place to which torefs! all pay «>ch regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia from the re-7 (hall belong, whether to the adjutant, feijeants, private mili-ceivers gene- tia men, or others; and all money allowed as afore&id for tbs ral is to ccafe. contingent expences of fuch regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia; and alio the allowance to the dent of fuch regiment or battalion; (hall, during fuch time of a&ual fervice, and until fuch regiment, battalion, or independent company (hall be difembodied, and returned home by qrder of _  . . . their commanding officers, ceafe, and not be paid.

^general0 X. And be it enadted, That the faid receiver or receivers of meetings is to the land tax (hall pay to the deck of the general meetings his paid his allow-allowance, at the rate of five pounds five (hillings for each an<*» uP°n meeting, upon his producing an order or orders for that purpofc order from the ^om his Majefty’s lieutenant, or from three deputy lieutenants af. lordlieute- fembled at fome general meeting or meetings; and (hall alto pay nant. or three to each and every the derks of the fubdivifion meetings, their fe~ juries > veral allowances, at the rate of one pound one (hilling for each of the fuWU- meet^ng> upon h*s or their producing an order pr orders from vifion meet- one or more deputy lieutenant or deputy lieutenants ;afiemhkd ingsuponpro- in the feveral fubdivifion meetings; which faid order or orders ducing a (hall be to the fai<i receiver or receivers general of the land foVauf  a ^u®c'cnt difeharge for the payment of fuch allowances,

deputy lieute- and be allowed in his or their account, nant.—Orders to difeharge receivers general.

Kegimental XI. Provided always, and be it enadled, That the clerk of and battalion each regiment or battalion of militia (hall give fecurity to the feciiritv°forlVC rcce*ver or receivers general of the land tax of the county, rid-naying and mg* or place, to which fuch regiment or battalion (hall belong, accounting for by a bond to his Majefty, in the penalty of one half of the fuoi the monies required for the whole year’s charge dt the regiment or batta~ them-  l*on °f militia to which fuch clerk (hall belong, for duly an-

*  fwering and paying fuch fums as he fhall, from time to time

have received, and for duly accounting for the fame, and for The bonds to performance of the truft hereby in him repofed; which faid be lodged bond (hall be lodged in the hands of the receiver or receivers ceWers gene- genera^ °f the land tax for the refpedive county, riding, or ral, and put place, who, in cafe the faid regimental or battalion clerk (hall in fust by not duly perform the conditions comprized in the faid bond, them ou non- (hall, and is hereby required forthwith to put the (aid bond in

fuit

knee to the clerk, or receiver general. —

LjOOQLe

207

performance of the condi-tion;

and they are intitled thereupon to full colts and charges,

and 5 /. per

cent, of the money recovered |

tjSi J  Anno fecundo Georgii III.

fuit, in the nttne of hi* Maiefty, his heirs, and fiicceflbrs; the full cofts and charges of whicn fuit, in cafe judgment ihall be given againft fuch regimental or battalion clerk, Ihall be paid by him to the faid receiver or receivers general of the land tax,

Who ihall likewife be intitled to, and receive to his or their own

ufe, at the rate of five pounds per centum, out of all fuch monies

as ihall be by him or them recovered thereon, and (hall account for the refidue thereof with the proper auditor of his Majefty’s revenue, the (aid receiver or receivers general of the land tax charging himielf or themfehres therewith upon the next account of the land tax to be by him or them palled, the refidue to be accounted for to the auditor.

XII.  And be it enabled, that the clerk of every regiment or The regimen-battalion of militia, and die captain of every independent com- tal and batta-pany of militia, in every county, riding, and place, within the bon clerk* part of Great Britain aforeiaid, ihall, between the twenty fifth

dsy of March and the twenty fourth day of June, in the year dent commons thoufand (even hundred and fixty three, deliver to the re- nies, are to ceiver or receivers general of the land tax for the county, rid- deliver macing, or place, to which fuch regiment, battalion, or indepen- countsofthrir dent company ihall belong, a fair account in writing of all mo- di^fc-*11 nies by him received and diiburfed for the fervice of the pre- menu, ceding year, in purfuance of this aft, with proper vouchers for the fame; and (hall pay back to the faid receiver or receivers and pay over general of the land tax, any furplus of fuch monies that ihall bala?ce f® then be in his hands; which faid accounts, figned by fuch re- L.® ^e‘ver* gimental or battalion clerk, or by fuch captain of an indepen- who are to dent company refpefthrely, (hall be tranfmitted by the faid re- tranfmit the ceiver or receivers general of the land tax, into the office of the »«»un« '“to proper auditor of his Majefty’s revenue.  office. *** *

XIII.  Provided always, and be it enafted. That all penalties,

all cofts and charges of fuit, and all fums of money for which Recovery of any perfon or perfons is or are by this aft made anfwerable, Penah*e*» fcc» may and ihall be recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at  IVeJiminJler, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or informa-

tion, wherein no eiToin, wager of law, or proteftion, or more than one imparlance, ihall be allowed.

XIV.  Provided always, and be it enafted, That no fee or No fee pay-gratuity whatfoever ihall be given or paid for or upon accountable for anT of any warrant or fum of money which ihall be idiied in rela-

lion to, or in purfuance of this aft.  iflued purf

fuancc of thi*

act

CAP.

Preamble, reciting daule in ad 3*Geo. II.

From and af* ter s July, 1762, the following additional duty to be laid on llamped vellum, parchment, or paper, viz.

Anna fccundo GeqrgiI IIL

CAP. XXXVI.

An aft for better fecuring the payment of the fums of money direfted by an aft made in the thirty fecond year of tbi reign of his late Majefty King George the Second, to he applied in augmentation of the falaries of the puifne judges in the court of King’s Bench, the judges in the court of Common Pleas, the barons of the coif in the court of Exchequer, at Weft minder, and the juftices of Chefter, and the great feffionsfor the counties in Wales for the time being.

WHEREAS by an aft made in the thirty fecond year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the Second, intituled, 44 Ak 44 aft for augmenting the falaries of the puifne judges in the court of 44 King’s Bench, the judges of the court of Common Pleas, the 44 barons of the coif in the court ^“Exchequer, at Weftminfter, the 44 judges in the courts of feffion and Exchequer in Scotland, and 44 juftices ofGbt$tt,and the great feffions for the counties foWates,* it was fet forth that the falaries of the faid Judges and juftices Were inadequate to the dignity and importance of their offices, and therefore, in order to eftablifh in the firji place a proper fund for the augmmta-tion of the falaries of tie faid judges in the courts at Weftminfter, and juftices of Chefter, and the great feffionsfor the counties in Wales; certain Jlamp duties were thereby granted and expropriated to the payL ment of thefeveral and refpeftivejums of money direfted by thefoid aft to be applied in augmentation of the falaries of the faid loft mentioned judges and juftices, and certain fums were direfted to be pend yearly, out of the duties and revenues therein mentioned, in augmentation cf the Jakries of the faid judges in Scotland: and whereas the fund provided for payment of the fums granted in augmentation of the falaries to the faid judges and juftices in England and Wales; hath proved inefficient to make good and anfwer the fame: We, jour Majefty's mojl dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Gi*eaf Britain in parliament affembled, in order to make the faid fund effeftuetl to anfwer the faid purpofes, do give and grant unto your Majefty the duties herein after mentioned, and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majejly that it may be enabled', and be it ena&ed by the fang’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords (pi-ritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the*fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fix-ty two, there (hall be, throughout England, the dominion of Wales, and town of Be? wick upon Tzveed, raifed, collefled, levied, and paid, unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, for every piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, on wliich the matters and things herein after mentioned (hall be ingroffed or written, at any time or times after the faid fifth day of July, over and above the rates, duties, charges and fums of money, now due and payable to his Majefty for or in

refpeft

209

inns

8.

tj6i.] Anno fecundo Georgii III.

tefpeft of the fame, the further rates, duties, charges, and fums of money; that is to (ay.

For every piece of velluih or parchment, or flieet or plecC on every ad of paper, upon which any admiflion into any of the four inns of court (hall bk ingrofled or written, the fuin of two'couit^fo pounds.  ‘

For every piece of velluni or parchment, or flieet or piece and on every of paper, upon which any regifter, entry, teflimonial, or cer-tificate, of the degree of utter barrifter, taken in any of thean utto^ar-four inns of court (hall be ingrofled or written, the fum of two rifter taken in pounds.  any of the inns

of court, 40 s.

Ik Arid be it further enadted by tbe authority aforefaid, The (aid du-That for the better and more effectual railing, levying, col- ties to be un-ledting, and paying, the faid additional rates arid duties herein na^ement^f before granted* foe fame (hall be under the government* care, thecommif* and. management, of the commifiioners for the tifaie being fioners for appointed to manage the duties payable to his Majefty, hiS ftamps * heirs, and fucceflors, and charged oh (tamped vellum, parchment, and paper, by former ads of parliament in that behalf made, who, of the major part of therfi, are hereby required  «*ap-

and impowered to employ fuch officers under them for that^cerswader purpofe as they (hall think proper * and to ufe fuch dies and them, ftamps to denote the (tamp duties hereby chained as they (hall think fit, and to repair, renew, or alter, the (ame, froth tithe *nd provide to time, as there (nail be occafion, and t6 do all other ads, matters, and things, neceflary to be done for putting this ad in execution with relation to the laid rates and duties hereby granted, in the like, and in as full and ample manner, as they, or the major part of them, are authorized to put in execution any former law concerning (lamped Vellum, parchment, or paper.

III.  Provided always, and he it further enabled by the ail-* thority aforefaid, That to prevent the multiplication 6f (lamps

for and in refped of the additional rates and duties hereby ne*. granted, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid coinmiflioners,  fbr

mflead of diilind (lamps, to afeertain the duties granted by denoting tbe former ads and this ad, to caufe one new (lamp to be pro- (aiddutm. vided for denoting all the faid duties, from time to time, at (hall by the faid CommilTioners be thought proper of neceflary.

IV.  And be it further eriaded by the authority aforefaid, velluM. See. That all vellum, parchment, and paper, charged by this ad, (tamped be-* with any of the (lamp duties hereby granted, which hath been, fore 5 July, ia or (hall before the faid fifth day of Juty,be (lamped or marked paifuanceof in purfuance of the former ads of parliament relating to hisanddiancea-Majelty’s (lamp duties, or any of them, (hall, beforejany of bie with the of the matters or things in refped whereof any rate or.duty duties of this is hereby made payable, (hall be ingrofled or written thereupon,

fuch uwoffmg or writing being at anv time after the faid fifth

day of July,be brought to the head office for (lamping or ftamp office

Vot. XXV, 1  P  marking  in order to

Anno fecundo Georgii III.

[1761.’

210

have an addi- marking of vellum, parchment, and paper, to be damped or 't5,°nreffed™P mar*ce<* another mark or damp, over and befides the w$/och a* marks or damps put or to be put thereupon, in purfuance.of ihall not have the faid former alls or any of them ; and that all velnim, pardx-keen damped ment, and paper, which hath not been, or Audi not, before before theihid the faid fifth day of July, be damped or marked in puifuance anceo^for-^"  former  alls, or any of them, (hall, before any of the

mer ads. is to matters or things in refpelt whereof any damp duty is payable* be dulyfUmp- hereby, and by the (aid former alts or any of them, mail be •dsa^by thereupon ingrofled or. written, fuch ingrofling or writing be-tecany’mat- in& a”cr  be brought to the faid

ter or thing head office, and there marked and damped with the proper W ingrofled marks or damps, or mark or damp, provided, ufed, jot ap-*b*r**h pointed, or to be provided or appointed, in puifuance of the (kid former alts, or of this alt, to denote the re(pcltive dttjje* thereby and hereby refpectively charged thereupon; and if any of the dud matters and things fo to be ingrofled or written as aforefaid, (hall be ingrofled or written contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, upon vellum, parchment, or paper, not appearing to nave been duly marked or damped, according fo this act, that then, and in every fuch cafe, there (hall be qirforfeitfcre due, anfwered, and paid foyer and above the damp duties | of el. over able hereby, and by the laid former ads, or any of them; and above the or in refped of every fuch matter or thing, the fum of« and filch writ Poun<fe > and that no fuch matter or thing (hall be available kig, See. being *n *aw qr equity, or be given in evidence, or admitted in any unavailable in court, unlels as well the (aid duty hereby charged in rejpea law, till the thereof, as the faid fum of five pounds, (hdll be nrft paid to the for^tum be rcc^vcr  for the time being of the (lamp duties, qr bis

paid, * deputy or clerk, and until the vellum, parchment, or paper, and the pro- upon which fuch matter or thing is fo ingrofled or written, per ft amp im- (hall be marked or damped, according to the tenor and true prefle<k meaning hereof; and the faid receiver general, and his deputy Receiver ge- or clerk, are hereby enjoined and required, upon payment neral, Sec. to or tender of the faid duties, and of the faid fum of five pounds, JSr the<fiL&t# anc* ^ucb othcr fums» 39 hy the faid former alts ar;e payable in lobbiesi* that behalf, to give a receipt for fuch monies; xand the other 3hdthe ftamps proper officers are thereupon required to mark or damp fuch to be there- matters or things with the proper marks or (tamps, or mark «pon impref- or ftamp required in that behalf; which faid fum of five pounds Penalty to be '** to ^ applied to the fame ufes and purpofes, as the chides applied as the hereby granted are to b.e applied.

duties.  V„  And be it further enalted by the authority afbrefeSd,

Duties to be That the rates and duties herein before granted, (hall he* paid, paid into the from time to time, into the hands of foe receiver genial for hands of the the time being of the duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, receiver ge-  paper, who (hill keep a feparate and diftinct account

who is to keep °f the  and duties ariiing by virtue pf this all, and pay

a feparate ac- the fame (the oeceflary charges of raifing, paying, arid account thereof, counting for fuch rates and duties, being decjulled) into the t^Saeilito  vf the exchequer, for tlie purpofes herein after exp?e&&

the exchequer!  **

r.} Anfto Iccufldo GioaQii lit.  211^

t (itch time and in fuch manner, as any former duties on sunped vellum, parchment, or paper, are aireded to be paid; nd that in the office of the auditor of the laid receipt, (hall be , . tended and kept a book or books in which all the monies “* riling from the rates and duties hereby granted and paid into pro vide a book he £ud receipt as aforefaid, fhall be entered feparate and apart for entering com all other monies paid and payable to his 'Majefty, his Kirs, and futcefibrs, upon any account whatfoever, and (M* JSer mo5«! * applied in fuch manner as is herein after mentioned.  ■

VI.  And be it further cnaded by the authority aforefaid, that the faid commiffioners, and all other officers who (hall employed in X employed in the collection or management of the laid xates the coHc<5tion. uid duties herein before granted, fhall, in the execution of andmanage-their offices, obferve and perform filch rules and orders as they respectively lhali, from time to time, receive from the high trea- 0bferiVthe ° finer or the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more direction of ef them, for the time being; and that no fee or reward fhall be the treafury; • taken or demanded by any fuch commiffioners of officers, from aiK? no wy of his Majedy’s fubjects, for any matter or thing to be  enby

done in purfuance of this act ; and in cafe any officer employed andnegle&ing in the execution of this act, in relation to the faid rates and their duty, to duties, (hall refufe or neglect to do or perform any matter orthe damage of thing by this' act required or directed to be done or performed by turn, whereby any of his Majefty’s fubjects fhall or may t0 make good Main any damage whatfoeyer, luch officer fo offending (hall the lame, with be liable, by any action to be founded on this (latute, to an- treble colls firer to the party grieved all fuch damages, with treble cods ot fuit * offuit.

VII.  And be it further enacted by the authority afofefaid, and they are That the faid commiffioners, and their officers, (hall be fubject “Me fnbjed to luch penalties and forfeitures for any breach of the tnids ndtireforany in them repofed, or for diverting or mifapplying the money breach of 1 received in purfuance of this act, as by any former law relating truft, &c. as to (tamped vellum, parchment, or paper, are inflicted j ana inflifted that all powers, proviiions, articles, daufes, penalties, for-

feitures, diftribution of penalties and forfeitures, and all other ^ ^tbe *

matters and things preferibed, inflicted, or appointed, by any proviiions, iec.

former act or acts of parliament relating to tire (lamp duties on in thofe a&s}

vellum, parchment, and paper,and not hereby altered, (hall

be in hill force and effed with relation to the rides and duties

hereby impoied, and (hall be applied and put in execution for to this a&

the raffing, levying, collecting, and fecuring the faid rates and

dudes, according to the true intent and meaning of this ad,

is fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had feveral-

ly ami rdpedively been herein enaded with relation to the rates

and duties hereby impofed.

VIII.  And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Penalty of That if any perfon from and after the (add fifth day of July, counterfeiting (hall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, °If°rKb18anf any fcal, damp, or mark, to refanble any leal, damp, or mark, ^beefcdfor direded or allows) to be ufed by this ad', for the purpofe of de- the purpofes

• Ft  noting  of this aft t

joogle

*

‘ 2ti  Annofecundo  Georgii  III.  [1761,

or of felling noting the duties hereby granted; or fhali counterfeit or refem-any vellum, tie the impreflion of the Tame, with an intent to defraud hisMa-ct*lnterfeitC je^y> his heirs, and fucceffors, of any of the faid duties, or (hall ftamps} utter, vend, or fell, any vellum, parchment, of paper, liable or of privatelyt0 any fuch ftamp duty, with fuch counterfeit ftamp or marie,

. ufing any of knowing the lame to be counterfeit; or (hall privately or firau-the allowed dulently ufe any feal, ftamp, or mark, direfted or allowed

anTmenrio t0  a<^> ^ntent to defraud his Majefty, his

defraud; .heirs, and fucceflors, of any of the faid duties, every penoU fo i is felony, offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, (hall be a<l-without bene- judged a felon, and mall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, with-' nefit of clergy, out benefit of clergy.

. Duties of this,  IX. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

and of the for- That the duties hereby granted, and the duties arifing by vir-iner aft of tue of the faid former aft, made in the thirty fecond year of be a^oin/ftlnd his kte Majcft/s reign, (hall be, and are hereby maae one for paying the j°*nt fond* tor anfwering and paying, in fuch manner and projudges ftfa- portions as are therein direfted and appointed, with refpeft to ries;  the duties thereby granted, all fuch fums of money as (hall be-

come due and payable from and after the faid fifth day of July in purfuance of tne faid aft, to the puifiie judges in the court of Kings Bench, the judges in the court of Common Pleas at Weftminjler, the chief and other barons of the coif in the court of Exchequer at Weftminjler, the chief and fecond juftices of and the fiir- Chejler, and the juftices of the great feiiions for the counties Fcrved* for the “  /or the f.mebeingrefpeaively; and if any furplus

diipofition of fhali remain of the produce of the faid fund, the fame (hall be , parliament. . referved for the difpofition of parliament, in fuch manner as any furplus of the duties granted by the faid aft, are thereby direfted to be referved.

X.  And it is hereby enafted by the authority aforelaid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time or times be filed or profecuted for any thing by him or them done, or to be done t  or executed, in purfuance of this aft, or of any matter or thing

in this aft contained, fuch perfon or perfons lhall and may plead General ifliie. the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter, in evidence, for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdift (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants ' Treble cods, (hall have treble cofts to him or them awarded againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

Preamble*

CAP. XXXVII.

jin aft for vefting certain lands, tenements, and hereditaments, upon the fea coafts, in the counties of Kent, Suffer, and Southampton, on which forts and batteries have been trebled for the defence of the faid coafts, in truftees, for certain ufes; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS the coafts ^Suflex, Kent, and Southampton, • lap open and expofed to the hoftilt invaftons of his Majefty'i

enemies;

x?6i.]  Anno  fecundo  Georgii  IIL  :  2^3

enemies: and' whereas our late mo/l gracious fivereigtt lord George the Second, out of his paternal affection, tendering the welfare and protection of his dutiful and loyal Subjects, did order and direct the majler general and principal officers of his ordnance, to erect and build feveral forts and batteries, at convenient iifiances, upon the faii* coajls; and whereas, in purfuance of fuch orders, forts and batteries have been erected by and with the confent of the owners and proprietors of the feveral lands herein after-mentioned, on which the fame are reflectively erected', at Little Hampton, Brighthelmfion, Newhaven, Blotchington, Seaford, Haftings, and Rye, the county ofSuf-fex; and at Folkftone and Hyth, in the county of Kent; and in the parijb and Ifland of Portfea, in the county of Southampton : and whereas it is juft and reafonable that the feveral owners and proprietors of fuch lands Jhould have proper compenfation andfatisfaftion made for their refpeftive interefi therein, and that the jif/ lands fbould be vefiedfor ever in the crown, or in trujlees, for the ufe and benefit of your Majefiy,your heirs, andfucceffors, afler Jucb compenfation made to the owners and proprietors* of the find lands;

May it therefore pleafeyour Majefiy, that it may be enacted \ and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in parliament afiembled, and by the authority pf the fame. That all that piece or parcel of land fituate on the The lands, fca fhore on the eaft fide of the entrance into Arundel Haven, with the bar-in t^te parifh of Climpton, in the county of Suffex, containing racl5s andraa-two acres, twelve perch and an half, on which a fort or bat- hereon the tery called Little Hampton Battery, with gunners barracks, and feveral fort* the magazine thereto belonging, have lately been erectedand or batteries alfo all that piece or parcel of land fituate on the fea fhore at following the eaft part of the town of Brighthelmfion, in the faid county on^tthT* of Suffex, containing one rood, twenty feven perch and three Hampton, oft quarters, being part of the lands of Brighthelmfion aforefaid, the entrance called The Eafi Clift, on which faid piece of land lad-mentioned^ in Arundel the fort or battery called Brighthelmfion Battery, with gunners g^Ihthelra-barracks, and the magazine thereto belonging, have latdy been ft0n Battery» credted; and alfo that piece or parcel of land fituate on the north fide, at the entrance of the harbour of Newbavcn, in the laid county of Suffex, containing one acre, two rood, and 17 twenty feven perch, part of the lands called The Cafile Hill, oA which faid piece of land hift-mentioned, the fort or battery called Newhqven Battery, with gunners barracks, and the magazine thereto belonging, have lately been eredted; and alfo Blotchingfon all that piece or parcel ofland fituate in the parilh of Blochington, Battery j in the faid county of Suffex, together with a way and paflage five hundred twenty fix feet in length, and ten feet wide, from the weft angle of tne faid piece or parcel of land, to a certain well fituate on Blotchington Down, which faid piece or parcel of land, with the faid way or paflage, contain three acres, twenty one perch, and on which faid piece or parcel of land, a fort or battery called Blochington Battery, with gunners bar-and the paagazine thereto belonging, have lately been

eredte^j

2*4

Anno fecimdo Georgii III.

Seaford Battery;

Halting Bat-

Uf/l

ere&ed; ar\d alfo all that piece or parcel of wafte land fituattf in the parifti of Seaford, in the faid county of Suffix, containing, together with a well at thfe town of Seaford, one acre, one rood, and feven perdh, being the greateft part thereof wafte Iandf called Seaford Beach, on Which the fort and battery called Seaford Battery, with the gunners barracks, and magazines thereto belonging, have lately been eredted; and alfo all that piece or parcelof wafte land, fituate in the parilh of Saint Mary of the Cajlle,ort the pier at the Weft fide of the tbwn of Hafititjf, in the faid copnty of Suffix, on which a battery called Hafling flattery has lately been eitefted; and alfo alt tnat other piece Or parcel of land, fituate bn the faid pier, on which the gunners -barracks, and magazine belonging to the faid battery 1 aft-mentioned, have lately been ereified, which faid two pieces or parcdsdf land lafl-mentioned, contain together one rood and twenty five perch; and alfo all that piece or parcel of wafte land fituate zt Rye, in the faid county of  containing one acre, two rood;

and thirty three perch, called The Gun Garden Battery, where frith tbeUpper an old battery formerly ftood, and on which two new batteries nd Lower

Gun Garden Battery, at Rye,

Batterief there|

polk (tone Rettery {

called the Upper Battery and Lower Battery, and the magazine to them belonging, have lately been ere died ; and alfo afi that other piece or parcel of wafte rand fituate at Rye afbrefaid, cbn^ taining fix pprch, being part of the Wafte Called The CHd fard, on which the gunners barracks, belonging to the fold batteries laft-mentioned, have lately been erected; and alfo all that piece or pardel of land fituate at Folkeftone in the county tff Kent, containing one acre, one rood, and twelve perch, being part of a piece of land called The Upper Bail Ground, on Whitn HythBattery; a fort or battpry has been lately eredted; and alfo all that piece or parcel of wafte land fituate near the town of Hyth, in the faid county of  Kent,containing twenty one perch, on which

a battery of five guns has been lately erected; and alfo all that pther piece or parcel of wafte land near the faid town of Hyth, containing twenty four perch, on which the gunners bar-

{.ump's Bat- racks and magazine belonging to the faid battery laft men-* ery, at Port- tioncd, haye been lately eredted; and alfo all that piece of

and Taflpey flattery;

parcel of land fituate in the parilh of Portfea in the county of  Southampton, containing four acres, three rood, and feventeen

?erchj being part of two fields called The Sixteen Arte Field and ~he Eighteen Acre Field, belonging to Lump’s Farm, in the faid parilh of Portfea, on which a fort or battery, called Battery, with the gunners barracks, and magazine thereto belonging, have lately been eredted; and alfo all that piece or parcel of land fituate in the faid parilh of  containing

fix acres, two rood, and twenty one perch, being part of two fields called Lock’s Put tod, and the thirty acre field belonging fo a farm called Eajlney Farm, in the faid parilh of Portfea, On which a fort or battery called Eajlney Battery, with the gutmerii barracks, and magazine thereto belonging, have lately been erected, together with the beach or (hingle between high water mark and low water mark, contiguous to, and adjoining ttfo faid fpver^l piece? or parcel? of lapa, pr any or either of them;

xy(n.] Ahrio feccmdo Gifonofl III.  ii$

mtd all dthcr* rights, members, and appurtenances, to them, or any or either of them, belonging or appertaining, (hall be, and am hereby, vefted and declared to be in the adhtal and are fevenlly real pofiefiion and feifin of Sir John Gttfl baronet, fpeaker of the veiled, with houfe of commons ; the honourable Robert Fairfax, Sir JVynd-ttw r,*8ht*» bam Knotebbull Wyndbam baronet, Thomas Pelham E (quire, John Butler Efquire, tire right honourable Henry BUfon Legge, and naaeca thei*! She Simeon Stuart baronet, their heirs and afiigns for ever, in to bWengiag, > truft neverthelef* for fach perfon and perfons, bodies politic or corporate, eCclefiaftical or civil, as at or immediately before the time of making this adt, were the feveral and ret- intruft-for' pedrive owners and proprietors thereof, according to their the refpedtiyo feveral eftates and intereib therein at the fetoe time, in pof* ownereaad (effion, reverfion, remainder, or otherwife, until fuch eftates  '

sod interefts (hall be refpedlively adjudged and determined, and reafonable and juft compcnfrtion ana fetisfedrion (hall bo made for the fame.

II.  Andj be it further enadted by the authority. aforefaid, Hu Majefty That for the better ascertaining the feveral owners and pro- nhpowerea to prietors of the faid lands, and their refpedtive titles and claims letter* thereto, it (hall and may be lawfol to arid for his Majefty, by £rinfa/eon»* one or more commiflion or commifTions, by letters patent milEonereto. under the great feal of Great Britain, to authorize and appoint bnr aod da-iny number of perfons to be comtnifli oners to hear and deter- tonmnethe ftmd iM titles and claims that (hall or may be made to the faid elsinuof tl» ‘lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or to any part or parcel &veral pro-thereof; which commi(boners fo to be appointed, or any five prietor* of the •or more of them, are hereby authorized and required, and c“d ,awJ*« (hall and toay, in a fummary manner, proceed, act, and de>-termine, by and upon the teftimony of witnefles upon oath ment*, and " (which Path they, or any five or more of them, are hereby tbeir reipac-impowered to adminifter) infpedtion and examination of deeds, intends writings, and records, or by inqueft of twelve good and lawful Theyarat© men to be impanelled and iworn in manner herein after men- proceed ther% tioned and directed, or by all or any of the (aid ways, or other- m in a fum-wife, according to their diferetion, all and all manner of rights, niaryway by eftates, and interefts, and all controverfies, debates, and quef-tions, which (hall happen and arife between any peribn or per- upon fens whatfoever, or any other matter or thing relating to any infee^on and of the premifies, or any part thereof; and mail have power examination to find for any perfon or perfons, and oblige them to produce their deeds or writings, upon oath, relating to any of the feme «», or by hi. pretnifles j and al(b (hall and may, by agreement with the que’ft. See. refpedtive perfon or perfons that (hall be determined to be the and they are owners and proprietors of the faid lands, or by the faid inqueft ,.mP5>*eredtfl pf the feid twelve good and lawful men to be impanelled and r^rfonT an5 (worn, inquire, proceed, adt, and determine, touching and obiiMtkemio concerning the true and real value of the feid premifies, or any produce their

Ert or parcel thereof, were or was of at the time the feme were de*d’> **■*’*■ ft made ufc of for the purpofes aforefaid: and the faid com- pttmifoti-tniflionersj or any five or more of them, are hfreby required ^  ’

P+  to

3i6  Anno  fecundo  Georgii III.  [1766

and, by agree- jo caufe all their judgments and decrees to be entered fairly in °t fVtl ^°°^s > which judgments and decrees (hall exprefcly mention Sic valueC C fpecify the refpe&ive number of adres or parcels of la&d, thereof:  with their feveral abuttals and boundaries, together with the

They are to name or names of every perfon or perfons interested refpe&ivch cauie their jn tjie famc j and the refpe&ive fum or fums that (hall be fo sm/dccKti agreed for or aflefled by the faid jury to be paid for the lame to be entered refpe&ively ; which judgments and decrees (hall like wifebe in books, fairly ingroffed on parchment, and certified to the clerk of the foecifying the crown in Chancery, and to the King’s remembrancer in his andbounda- Majefty’s court of Exchequer \ and fuchjudgments and decrees riesofthefaid made as aforefcid (hall be final, and (hall conclude all and land*, with every perfon and perfons, bodies politic and corporate, eccle-the name* of fiaftical and civil, their heirs, fucceffors, executors, admmA intendeds ftnrtors, and affigns refpedlively, notwithftanding any diA and the fum* ability or incapacity whatfoever; any law 'ftatute, or cuftom, agreed for, or otner matter or thing whatfoever, to the contrary notrtith-or afleffed by- (landing *, copies of which faid judgments and decrees (hall Sid for the ^ kid forthwith before both houfes of parliament, that a juft fame.°r and reafonable compenfation and fatisfa&ion may be made to

_____  .  the feveral owners and proprietors of the faid lands, tenements,

»■><• h-diu„mts.

decrees to be tikewife ingroffed on parchment, and certified to the clerk of the crows in Chancery, and the King's remembrancer in the Exchequer: The fame to be declared to he final and conclusive to all parties $ and copies thereof are to to be laid forthwith before both houfes of parliament, in order that a reafonable compen(atk» may be made t° the feveral owners.

III.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforefeid* That for the better carrying the faid commiflion or commif-fions into execution, the faid commiflioners to be appointed in Commiflion- and by the faid commiflion or commiflions, or any five or more mirnpowered 0f them, (hall, and lawfully may, and are hereby authorized ramsto'dve an<* recluire(l to iflue forth their warrant or warrants, under (herifft for | their hands and feals, to be directed to the refpeftive (heriffs impanelling of the refpective counties wherein fuch lands, tenements, or f ffi^Urnjnl> hereditaments (hall lie, thereby commanding them refpectively fury. C1CDt t0 *mPane^ fijmmon, and return, before the faid commiflion* ers, at fuch’ times and places as (hall be appointed in fuch warrantor warrants, a good and diffident jury of twenty four good and lawful men qualified to ferve upon juries, at the a(Dzes for Jury to be the faid refpective counties; who upon their oaths (which oaths (Worn :  the (hid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, (hall have

Their duty, power to adminifter) (hall enquire into the true and real value of the faid lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and every part or parcel thereof, and who rpfpectively are the owners and proprietors thereof, and their refpective eftates and interefts € or more of therein; and the better to enable the faid jurors to make fuch themmay be enquiry, the faid commiflioners (hall, and lawfully may, dired, tmkea view of *n ^c*r warrant or warrants to the faid refpe&ive (heriffi, the premHfes. a view to be taken by fix qr more of the faid jurprs, of the fe-

Anno fecundo Georg u III.  ^*7

rcral lands in the faid refpe&ive counties, at fome time previous to the meeting of the faid commiflioners; and the fheriffs of the faid counties refpe&ively, upon receipt of fuch warrant Sheriff to im-or warrants from the faid commiflioners as aforefaid, are here- panel andfum-by required to impanel, fummon, and return, twenty f°ur ScroixirnSy good and lawful men qualified to ferve upon juries at the $&. affixes for the faid refpedfive counties, and in the mean time to have fix or more of the faid jurors fo impanelled and fwom, to view the faid lands in their refpedtive counties; and at the and, at the rereturn of fuch warrant or warrants to attend the faid commif-  *0

fioners, with his bailiffs or officers, to prove, if neceflary, the attend, with luminous of the jurors fo to be impanelled and returned ref-his officers, the pedlively, upon oath, which oath the faid commiflioners, or commiffion-any five or more of them', (hall have power to adminifter to  the"

the laid fheriff, and his bailiffs and officers, or any or either of ferVice of the them : and in cafe the faid fheriff or fheriffs, and his or their fummom ; bailiffs and officers, or any or either of them, (hall negledt or Sheriffs or of-refufe, being duly ferved with fuch warrant or warrants of, the ficer* negle&-(aid commiflioners fourteen days before the return thereof, to impanel, fummon, and return fuch jury of good and lawful p men as aforefaid, br otherwise refufe to execute fuch warrant or * warrants, or (hall not attend the faid commiflioners, with hfs bailiffs and officers, who (hall fummon the faid jurors, at the return of fuch warrant or warrants, as aforefaid ; then, and in may be fined either of the faid cafes, the faid commiflioners, or any five or by the com-xnore of them, are hereby authorized and required to impofe  *

a fine on fuch fheriff, bailiffs, and officers, or any or either of ceeding^ 20J*. them, fo making default, not exceeding twenty pounds, nor nor left than lefs than ten pounds, for any One offence ; and in cafe the faid 101, for one jurors fo to be impanelled, fummoned, and returned, or any offcncc’ or either of them, lhall neglect or refufe to appear at the re- Jurorsnegled-tum of fuch warrant or warrants, and to be fwom for the pur- mg their duty,

E>fes aforefaid; then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may ^xcufe may01 wfiil to and for the faid commiflioners then aflembled and be fined in like met, to impofe a fine upon each and every of the jurors fo manner, impanelled, fummoned, and returned, and without lawful ex-cute, (to be allowed of by the faid commiflioners then fitting, or the major part of them) making default or refufing to be ' fwom, not exceeding the fum of ten pounds of lawful money in a fum net of Gredt Britain; which fine and fines fo to be impofed and fet, exceeding 10L the laid commiflioners are hereby authorized and required to Fincj ^ eftreat into his Majefty’s court of Exchequer, to be levied to the ©(treated into ufe of his Majefty.  the Exche-

quer ; and levied to the ufe of his Majefty.

IV.  And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. ThatJn Ifafuffiricnt cafe a fufficiept jury (hall not appear upon the return of the laid warrant or warrants to take the inqueft, it (hall and may be return of the lawful to and for the faid commiflioners, or any five or more warrant, -of them, to adjourn the faid inaueft to any future day, not thVcoramif-cxceeding fourteen days, nor lets than four days from the adioursTthii adjournment thereof, and to iflue out their warrant or warrants inqueft to

feme future day, not exceeding IA days, nor left than 4.

Anno fecundo GtQRGll III.

£1761.

-for impanelling, fummoning, and returning, an equal number of jurors to thofe To making default, who, together with the jurors before returned by the meriffs of the refpe&ive counties upon Tuch fccood warrant or warrants afterwards to be iffiied, or and HTue their upon any future warrant or warrants, adjournment or adioura-warrant for fluents, which the faid commiffioners are hereby authorized tp and make, from tjmc to time, until a Efficient jury can a number he had, fhall enquire as aforefaid. equal to thofe making default.

Twelve deem- V. Provided always. That twelve good and lawful men fhall ed a fyScitut be fufficient totaketne inqueft aforefaid; and that in cafe twelve jury*  or more (not exceeding twenty three in the whole) fhali appear

Thoiury be- be fwom to take fuch inqueft, then, and in fuch cafe, the utgfworn, theTaid commiffioners fhall continue and fit from day today, until commifBon- the faid inqueft fhall be taken ; and after the inqueft fhaH be from ds? to  may  adjourn.to fome future day for making their judg-

day, unql ments and decrees thereon.

the inqueft is taken * and may then adjoufa to fome future day for making then-judgments and decrees thereon.

Commiffion- 'VI. And, to the intent that no perfon or perfons may have ers to give 30 any caufe or pretence for not appearing to make out their days notice, claims or title to the faid lands, tenements, or hereditaments,

their meetinz or Part or Parcc* thereof; be it further ena&ed by the ay-for the pur- * thority aforefaid. That five or more of the faid commiffioners poles atore, fhall give notice in writing thirty days at leaft before their »id 5  meeting at each place, which writing fhall be affixed at the

thefametobe refpe<5Hve doors of the guild hall of the city of Canterbury, the doon of the * town hall of the borough of Lewc$> and the town hall of tfee guild hall of borough of Portfmoutb, and at the principal gates of, and ey-Cantcrbury, trances into, the refpc&i ve forts and batteries before mentioned; xHT” k*ancf fhall likewife be Dublifhed in the London Gazette: and if ^rtfmemth, anY Perfon or perfons fhall oegle<ft or refufe to appear, or, when and the prin- he or they (hall appear, lhall wilfully refufe to mew his or thtir - opal gates deeds or writings relating to the premiftes, that then the laid and .entrances commifiioners, or any five or more of them, and the jurors to foectfvc forts he impanelled and fwom upon fuch inqueft, fhall proceed, upon and batteries the beft information they can get or have, to make fuch inqueft* before men- judgments, and decrees, as before directed; and all fuch judg-ik'J'd; ments and decrees, being entered and certified as aforefaid, intheULo^ed fhall be final and conclufive.

don Gazette. Where perfons refufe to appear, or produce their evidence, purfu^nf • to fuch notice the commiflioners and jurors are to proceed upon the beft information they can get $ and the judgments and decrees thereupon made, are declared to be final and conclufive.

'Upon pay-  VII. And be it Author egactedby the authority aforefaid,

went of the That immediately from and after the time that payment fhall fums decreed fee made of the lym and fums of money To to be agreed for or ^vepiopnT afk*k<l by the faid jury, and decreed and adjudged by the laid p * ©ommifiioners, or any five or more of them, to the owners ?nd proprietors of the faid lands, tenements, and hereditaments

horrid

t^ooQle

1761.9 Amo ftcundoGEOSL&tt ID. , ^19

■herein before mentioned, or to any or either of them, .the thetrufteea truftees herein before mentioned-Stall be deemed and adjudged  S*£v

to (land fcifed of focb part and parcel of the find premises as wall  to

he fo paid for, to and for the life of his Majefty, bis heirs, and ftand Teifed of 'fuccenors, for ever, freed and difrbarged of and from all and the pranifo, all manner of right, title, chum, and demand whatibver, that can or may be made by any perfon or perfons, bodies politic or ft^CTcrfrecd corporate, ccclefiaftical or civil.  mddlfehsifsi

efaUdaimf,  See.

VilL And be it further enacted by the authority afbro&id, 'CqmmOTee-That it fhall and .may be lawful to and for the fold comtnif-fioners, or any five or more of them, upon the complaint of any fottm,! rf wn-owner or owners, occupier or occupiers, of any other lands and dwnge dons hereditaments adjoining to any part of the lands and heredka- roadjoinieg meats by this act vetted in the laid truftees, that , he, fhe. Or bT they have received any damage by the erecting or compleatine of any of the works thereto belonging, to examine into ana Uy of the laid hear every fudi complaint, and lhall make an eftimate of fuch works, damage, and ftitil return fiich eftimate with, and in the man- we to examine tier they are herein before direAed to return, the afbcefiud judg-.ments and decrees.  midee and re*

turn an eftimate of the damage.

, IX. And be it further enaAed by the autiiority -aforefaid, No private That no private building or buildings (hall be made or ereAed upon any of the lands veiled by this aA as aforefaid; and that the whole profits anting, or ‘that (hall hereafter arife, from the tbeUnds bid lands, be, and are hereby appropriated and applied for veftedasafocw' and towards die ercAbn and reparation of the refpeAive for- Wd by this tificatioos of each place, and to no other life or purpofe what-foever; and all and lingular the premiffes Hull be and are fits srifing" hereby enaAed and declared to be unalienable from the crown; from tbe faid neither lhall any part of the premifles be (knifed or demifeable, otherwife than during pkafure only.  ‘  "

b* applied towards the

sredion and reparation of the icfpefHve fortifications. The pretaifles declared to be unalienable from the crown; and are not demifeable but daring pleasure.

. X. Provided always. That no commiffioner who Ihsdl be Commiffion-employcd in the execution of this aA, lhall be liable, for or by reaibn of fuch execution, to any of the penalties mentioned in nalties oftfae tin aA made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King feveralqualifi-Charles the Second, intituled. An act for preventing dangers whim cation afts of map happen  frompopi/b  retufantsj or in one other aA made ip the  ][}*

-firft year qf rthe reign of King Williamand Qpeen Mary, inti- tjk14W.nL tuled, An aftfor tbe abrogating the oaths offttpremacj and  ,

and appointing other oaths; or in one other aA made in the parliament holden in the thirteenth and fourteenth years ofthe reign of the late King William the Third, intituled. An aft for themter featrky of his Majejlf s  perfon, and the ftuctffion of the eroum in the

f roteflant .line j and for extingui/hiijg the hopes of efVf ales, and ail other pretenders, and their open and fecret . 6

*nd j Geo. I.

The commif-fiontraare^Qt difauilified, by beingfuch, from fitting in the houfe of commons) or vtheir election thereby be-•pine void.

Anno fccundo Georgii III.  [1761.

tbrs: or in one other aft made in the parliament begun and holaen in the firft year of the reign of King George the Firft, intituled. An ail for the better feewrity of bis Afajeftfs perfon and government, and the fiucefjion of the crown in the heirs of the late princefs Sophia, being brotejiants; and for extinguijbing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open andfecret abettors.

XL Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That fuch commif-Coners as his Majefty (hall nominate for the purpoiies in this aft, or any of them, (hall not by reafon thereof, in any fort be difabled or difqualified frpm fitting in the houfe of commons’, or their eleftion thereby become void; any law or (latute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An aft for the more eajy and fp recovery of fmaU debts, within the town and county of the town o/'Kingfton upon Hull.

CAP. XXXIX.

An aft for repairing and widening the roads from Mullen’s Pond in the county of Southampton, to the eighteen mile Jlone from the city e/Salisbury near Willoughby Hedge; and from Weft Amesbury to "Anftlow Hill •, and from Amesbury to Fiddleton j and from the New Inn in , Amesbury to the end of theparijh leading to Durringtoit; and from Wily to Cook’s Houle and Landford and from Beacon Hill to the Nag’s Head; from thence one mile of the road leading to Shrewton in the county of Wilts.

CAP. XL.

, An aft for fupplying the town of Halifax with water.

CAP. XL I.

An aft for rendering more effeftual feveral  in  the

fifth year of his late Majejly King George the Firft, and the thirteenth year of his late Majefty King George the Second, for repairing the roads from the top of Stokeil-Church Hill to Endow Bridge, through the city of Oxford, by Begbrooke, to New Woodftock in the county of Oxon ; and for repairing the road from the Crown alehoufe, to the turnpike on Stokenchurch Hill afore-faid\ and for repairing the mile-ways on each fide the faid city, as therein mentioned.

CAP. XLII.

An aft for repairing, widening, and altering the road from

Saadon in the county ^/Stafford, to Bullock Smithy in

• -  .  the

1

  I

221

761.] Anno fecundo Georgii HI.

the county of Chcfter: andfrom Hilderftone, to Draycotc in the Moors; and from Wedcy Rocks, to Tcan, in the /aid county of Stafford.

CAP. XLIII.

An a£l for repairing  and  widehing roads in the  coun-

ties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the borough of Saltafh in thi county of Cornwall.

CAP. XLIV.

An aft for repairing and widening the roads from a certain place near Bolton in the Moorsto Leigh •, and thence to the guide poft near Golbourn Dale, ana to the fouth end of Newton Bridge *, and from the faid guide poft to Win-wick ; and from Newton by Parr Stocks, to the guide poft in Parr, in the county palatine of Lancafter.

CAP. XLV.

An a£l for better regulating the poor; maintaining a nightly watch; lighting, paving, and cleanjing the  rows, and

pajfages j providing fire-engines and firemen: and regulating the hackney  coachmen,chairmen, carmen, and porters',

within the city of Chefter.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the Loft-withiel turnpike road, in tbeparijh of Creed in the county of Cornwall, through Tregony, to Ruan Lanehorne * and from Dennis Water, to three hundred yards on the foutb fide of Trethim Mill, in the parijh of Saint Juft, in the faid county.

CAP. XLVII.

An act for the enligbtning the Jlreets, lanes, and  ,

within the town and county of the town of Nottingham.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by two feveral acts, pafted in the  fixt ha fifteenth years of bis late

Majefty, for the more effectual repairing the roads leading^ from Wadefmill in the county (/Hertford, to Barley and Royfton •, and for making the faid acts more effectual.

CAP. XLIX.

An act for amending and widening the roadfrom the turnpike road at or near the town of Swindon, to the north end or fide of the town of Marlborough, and from the faid town of Marlborough to the village of Everly in the county of Wilts.

Vol, XXV. _  Q.  CAP.'

m

Anno fecuado Georgii IIL [17k. CAP. L.

An act for repairing, widening, and  federal  needs

leading from Taviftock to Plymouth, and the county of Devon.

CAP. LI.

An net to amend and render more effectual an act faffed in the lajl feffton of parliament, intituled. An aft for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Fijberton Bridge to the turnpike rpad at Wtl-loughby Hedge in Weft Knoyle and from Wilton Bridge, to the turnpike road at the weft end of Heytefbury; and allb the road from the turnpike road at the top of Hone Hill, in the parilh of  , to the mile-ftone

at the weftem end of Fijberton Street in the county of Wilts.

CAP. LII.

An act for building a bridge crofs the  Teefe, at or near

the ferry in the parifb of Stockton, in the county of Durham.

CAP. LIII.

An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from Kelfal, in the county of Salop, to Whifton Crois, and from thence over Burnhill Green Rudge Heath, by the two New Inns, and to a place called High Gate Warren, in the county of Stafford.

CAP. LIV.

An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road, from Caftle Street, at the end of the town of Hinkly, to Lutterworth Town’s-End, and from, or near, the Guide Poft, at Walcot Town’s-End, in the county of Leicefter, to the eighty mile ftone, in Welford Field, in the county of Northampton.

CAP. LV.

An act for continuing and rendering more effectual an act faffed in the tenth year of his late  King  George

the Second, intituled. An aft for continuing an aft paf-led in the third year of the reign of His Majefty King George the Firft, for laying a duty of two Pennies Scots, or one fixth part of a penny  on  every  piat  of

ale or beer, that (hall be vended, or fold, within the town of Dumfries, and privileges thereof, for paying the debts of the faid town, and for building a church, and making a harbour there; and for laying a duty on

CjOOQle

«23

761.] Anno fecundo Georgii lit.

the tomagt of flipping, and ditty on goods imported and exported,  into, and out of,  the port of the /aid town, for

the better repairing of  thefaid

CAP. LVI.  #

An act to amend and render more effectual an act made in the twenty eighth year of the reign of his late Majefiy King George the Second, for making navigable Sanky Brook, in the county of Lancafter, for the extending and improving the faid navigation.

CAP. LVII.

At act to amend an act made in the thirty fetondyear of the reign of his late Majefiy, for repairing and widening fevered roads, therein mentioned, in the counties of Southampton and Dorfct: and for amending and widening the road between Ringwood Gate, in the county of Southampton to Woolfbridge •, and from thence to the great Wtftem road, between a place called Thick Thom and Caihmore Inn.

CAP. LVin.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor, and for cieanfing theftreets, lanes, ana other faffages and places, in the partfl of Sunt James, within the liberty of Weft-minder, and for enlarging the church yard belonging to the faidpart/h.

CAP. LIX.

An act for repairing, widening, turning, and flortning the road leading from the turnpike road on Farrard’s Common, in theparifl ^Bradford, through Holt andMelk-Iham, to Homan’s Stile, in the patifl of Laycock, in the county of Wilts.

CAP. LX.

An act for repairing und widening the road from the turnpike road at Weyhill, in the county of Southampton, to the turnpike road at Lyde Way, in the county of Wilts.

CAP. LXI.

An act for altering, widening, and amending, the road from the north gate of the city of Winchefter, over Worthy Cow Down, through Whitchurch, and other places to Newtown River, and alfo the road from Worthy Cow Down aforefaid, through Wherwell, to  turnpike road at Andover,  in the county of Southampton.

Q.2

CAP.

Anno fccundo Georgii III.

CAP. LXII.  |

/n aft  for repairing  and widening the high road*

from AJhborne, in the county of Derby, to the town em Leek, in the county 'of Stafford, from ReycroS * Gate, upon Rufhton Common, to Congletpn, in /Aa) county of Chefter; and alfo the road leading from Blyth Marlh, in the county of Stafford, through Cheadle, Qak-amoor, and Blore, to the turnpike from Alhbome to Buxton near Thorp, in the county of Derby.

CAP. LX1II.

An aft for amending, wideningand keeping in repair, the road from the fouth end of Sparrow’s Heme on Buftiy Heath, through the market towns of Watford, Berkhampftead, Saint Peters, and Tring, in the twenty of Hertford, by Pettiphers Elms, to the turnpike road at Walton, near Aylefbury, in the county Bucks.

CAP. LXIV.

An aft for  amending, widening, and keeping in  a!

roads leading from Bridge Town Pomeroy, and from Teing Bridge  in the county Devon.

CAP. L^V.

An aft for repairing and widening the roads from the White Poll on Hafleden’s Wood, in the parifh of Cranbrooke, to Appledore Heath •, and from Milk floijfe Street, in the fame parifh, to Caffleden’s Oak, in tie parifk of Biddenden and from Golford Green, in the faidponjb of Cranbrooke, to Tanner’s Vent,  Be-

nenden, all in the county of Kent.

CAP. LXV1.

An aft for repairing the road from the turnpike road cn the top ofWhitefheet Hill, to a place called the Hare Warren ; and from thence to the Index Port,  near

the Blanford turnpike road, on the fide of Hamam Hill •, and alfo for repairing and widening the road from the fatd Index Port, to a houfe called Matter Baker’s Farm Houfe, in the county of Wilts.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for  continuing,  enlargingand rendering more effec-

tual, fo much of an aft made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late Majefiy King George the , intituled, An a£t for enlarging the terms and ppwers granted by two afts of parliament, for repairing the roads leading from feven Oaks to IVoodfgate and Tonbridge 'Wells i and from Woodfgate to Kippings Crofs in the

county

1761.] Anno fecundo Georgii III. county of Kent; and alfo for repairing the roads from Kippings Crofs aforefaid, to Lamberburjt Pound and Pullen's Hid, in the laid county ; and to Flimwell Vent, in the county of  Suffex i as relates to the

emd keeping in repair, the fqid roads, leading from Kip-ings Crofs aforefaid, to Lamberhurft Pound, Pullen’s il, and Fliniwell Vent, aforefaid.

CAP. LXVIII.

An a£l for building two new churches, and providing burial places within the town of Liverpool,  the county palatine

of Lancaftcr; and for the  the  pavements

of the  ftreels in the faid  town and for  the

fares and prices to be paid carters, carmen, hackney coachmen, and chairmen, and for regulating their within the faid town•

CAP. I.XIX.

An a£t for explaining and amending ft much of  of  the

twenty feventb and twenty ninth years of bis late for repairing feveralroads therein  , in the counties

of Leicefter and Warwick, as relates to the road between Hinckley and Coventry.

CAP. LXX.

An aH to amend and render more  fever al aEls made  for

cleanjing and enlightening the ft reels of the town o/Kingfton upon Hull, and for preventing annoyances therein,

CAP. LXXI.

An  a8 for continuing the term and powers of an abl, made in

thefourteenth year of the reign of his late Majefty, intituled. An aft for repairing the road from Doncafter, through the parifh of Penifton, in the county of York, to Salter's Brook,in the county of Chefter; and alfo the road from Rotherham, in the faid county of York, to Hartcliffe Hill, in the faid parifh of Penifton; and for making the faid a£t more effellual fo far as the fame relates to the faid road between Doncafter aud Salter’s Brook.

CAP. LXXII.

An a£l for repairing and widening the road from Flimwell Vent, in the county of Suffex, through High gate in the county of Kent, and the parijhes <?/Sandhurft, Newendep, and Northiam, to Rye, in the faid county of Suffex ; and. from Highgate aforefaid, to Cooper’s Corner,  the faid

county of Suffex, and to Tubb’s Lake in the faid county of Kent.

CAP.

226

Anno fecundo Georgii lit.  [1761.

CAP. LXXIII.

An aS for repairing and widening the roads from • certain bridge,called James Deeping Stone Bridge, to Peter’s Gate in Stamford, in the county of Lincoln, and from tbence, to the foutb end of the town of Morcot, in tbe county of Rutland.

CAP. LXX1V.

An a£l to amend and render more effectual an a& made in tbe twenty ninth year of tbe reign of bis late Mafrfiy, intituled, An aft for amending and keeping in repair the roads leading from Meadbrook, which divides the parilhes of Pucklecburcb and  Mangotsfieldin the county of Gloucefter,

to Cbriftian Malford Bridge, in the county of Wilts, and alfo from Pucklecburcb aforefaid, to certain coal mines in the faid parilh.

CAP. LXXV.

An aft for repairing and widening tbe high road leading from tbe north end of Ballingdon Bridge, in Sudbury, in tbe county of Suffolk, to tbe Jbutb gate in Berry Saint Edmunds, in tbe faid county.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for amending and widening tbe road leading from tbe high pojl road near tbe town of Faverfham, by Bacon’s Water, through Alhford, to tbe town andpart of Hythc, in tbe county of Kent, and from Bacon’s Water, to a certain  lane, called Holy-Lane, in Wincheap, tbe city

of Canterbury.

CAP. LXXVII.

An act to enlarge the term and powers, and alfo to render more effectual an act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the feveral roads from tbe town of Pool, in tbe county of Montgomery, to Wrexham,  tbe county of Denbigh;

and. alfo tbe road from Knockin, tbe county of Salop, to Llanrhaiader, in Mochnant, in tbe county of Denbigh, and to repair and widen feveral other roads therein mentioned.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act for amending and widening tbe road from tbe Market-Houfe, in Stourbridge, to Colly Gate, in Cradley, and from Pedmore, to Holly Hall, and from Colly Gate, to Halefowen, and from tbe turnpike road on Dudley Wood, to Rednall Green, in tbe parijb of King’s Norton, and from Carter’s Lane, to tbe Bell Inn at Northfield, tbe counties of Worcefter, Stafford, and Salop.

CAP.

L^ooQle

»7$iij Anno fecundo GeouGii III.

CAP. LXXIX.

An  act for amending, widening, and keeping in

reads leading from Cleobury Mortimer, the Croft Houfcs, Glazeley, and the turnpike gate on Abberley Hill, in the counties  of Salop and Worcefter.

CAP. LXXX.

An aet for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, d reads therein mentioned, lying in the counties 0/Leicefter, and Warwick, and in the county of the city  Coventry.

CAP. LXXXI.

An act far widening, repairing, and amending, the road from Hefket, by Yewes Bridge, /o Cockermouth, and from thence by Lorton, over Whinlatter, to Kefwick, in the county of Cumberland; and from Kefwick, by Dummail Rays and Ambleflde, toKerby in Kendall in the county of Weftmorland : and from Plumbgarth’s Croft, near Kerby in Kendall  aforefeud,to the lake called Windermere,

tn the county of Weftmorland •, and from KclWick aforefeud, te the town of Penrith, in the county of Cumberland.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act to continue, and render more effectual, an act paffed in the thirtieth year of the reign of bis late Majejly, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Burleigh Bridge, in the town of Loughborough, to AJhby de la Zoucb, in the county of Leicejler j and for repairing and widening the road, branching out of the [aid road, at Coleorton Church, over Coleorton Moor, and through Worthington and Sutton Bonington, to Rempfton, in the counties of Leicefter and Nottingham.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from Kirkby-Steven High-Lane Head,  in the county of Weftmorland,

through Sedberg, to Greeta Bridge, in the county palatine of Lancafter;  and from Bracken Bar Gate  Afkrigg,

in the county of York, through Sedberg, to Kirkby Kendal and alfo the road from the four lane ends in Marth-waite, to the turnpike road on Grayrigg Houfe, leading from Appleby, to Kirkby Kendal, in the faid county of Weftmorland.

CAP. I^XXXIV.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Cofham, in the county of Southampton, to the city 0/Chichefter.

CAP,

J627

2.2 8

Anno iecundo GeorOii IIL

[1761/

CAP. LXXXV.

An  act to  impower the commiffioners and truftees named and appointed  by, and in  purfuance of an act of parliament made

in the tenth year of the reign of bis late Majefty King George the Fir ft, for making more effectual an act made in the ninth year of bis  Majefty's , An aft for

completing the repairs of the harbour of Dover in the county of Kent, and for reftoring the harbour of Rye in jhe county of Suffer,to it’santient goodnefs fo far as the fame relates to the harbour of Rye, to let the fea and tides into a new cut or channel, made in purfuance of the faid act of the tenth year of bis faid late  reign,  as  far  at

a wall, called WincheHea Wall

CAP. LXXXVl.

An act to enlarge the term and powers granted by an act paffed in the eleventh year of the reign of bis late Majefty, for continuing feveral acts relating to the harbour of Liverpool, and for enlarging the faid.  harby making an additional

dock, and building a pier in the open harbour there, and for enlightening the faid dock, and for making another dock with proper piers in the faid hatbour, and for erecting ligbtboufes, and other proper lights, in Or near the port of Liverpool.

CAP. LXXXVII..

An act for enlarging the term and powers of fever al acts of parliament, relating to the harbour of Whitehaven, in the county of Cumberland, and to the roads leading to the Cud harbour and town of Whitehaven •, and for further enlarging the faid harbour *, and for lighting the faid town, and fupplying the fame with water •, and for regulating the carmen there; and for repealing fo much of an act of the twenty third year of the reign of his late Majefty, as relates to the road from Calder Bridge, to Egremont, and directing how the faid road fhall be repaired, and for repairing fever al other roads therein mentioned, in the faid county.

v^.ooQle

Anno

GEORGII III.

REGIS

Magna  Britannia,  Fra,& ,

T E R T I O.

At the Parliament begun and holden at  -

J*r, the Nineteenth Day of May, Anno Dom. 1761, in the Firft Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great  ,  ,and

Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

And from thence continued by feveral Prorogations to the Twentv-fifth Day of November, 1762, being the Second Seifion of lot Twelfth Parliament of Great Britain*

L^ooQie

L^ooQie

r

THE

STATUTES at Large,

Anno tertio G E O R G11 III. Regis.

CAP. I.

An a£l for continuing and granting to bis Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum,cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one tboufand feven hundred and

The fame as ftr the lafi year (except as follows:)

\ XXXV.f-p H E bills to be placed as oath in the exchequer; and to be v.2Geo.3.c.4.

JL iffuable thereout in common with other monies j and to be current in the revenue. Receivers to exchange bills for ready money.

Tallies to be levied for bills lent into the exchequer.—Intereft to continue till payment. Intereft to ceafe, whilft the bills are in the hands of receivers, Sec.—Bills paid to receivers, &c. to be figned and dated. In-

ttreft.to be allowed to the faid days.-The bills may be re-iflued, both

for principal and intereft.--Receivers to keep a book. Bills filled up

by indorsements, or defaced to be exchanged.—^Bills not exceeding

5000I. each, to be made forth at the exchequer.----Forging exchequer

bills felony -——How the monies arifing by this aft (hall be applied.—r—

Treafury on 19 Sept. 1764, to take an accouut of all monies railed and

difcharged.--Unlatisfied monies to be paid out of the next aid, or out

of the baking fund.-----Commiilioners to appoint to pay oft principal

fams, which mall from time to time be in courfe of payment upon exchequer bills.—Money, as brought in, to be paid to the pay matters.

----Bills to be regiftered in courfe.--When intereft to ceafe.--rPay-

nafters liable to the controul of the treafury.--Treafury to fettle falanes

of clerks, See, and to contract with perfons to circulate bills, &c. Contractors not difabled from being members of parliament: may lower or

rai(e the intereft with confent of the treafury.-Contraftors how to be

paid.---No fee to be taken.----No intereft for lefs than one peny.--

Changes to be paid ou# of the finking fund.------To be replaced out of

the firtt fupplies.—Claufe of relief for bills loft or deftroyed.-Bills

difeharged to be cancelled.--Sinking fund appropriated to difeharge

national debts incurred before 15 Dec. 17x6.-----Deficiency of malt tax

1 Geo. III. how to be fupplied.---Arrears of former duties to be ap*

plied m aid of the fupplies granted for the year 1763.

CAP. II.

An all for granting an aid to bis Majefty by a land tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one tboufand feven hundred and fixty-tbree.

{Tbi fame as in the laf year.)—Tour (hillings in the pound.*—Cora- v.aGeo.3 c.3. miffioners of the land tax for the year 176a. to put this a ft in execution.

---Claufes in the malt tax aft relating to exchequer bills extended to this.

---The monies arifing by this aft (lull be applied to difeharge the faid

bills, &c.--The treafury on 19 Sept. 1764., to take an account of all

monies railed and difeharged.—Unfatisfied monies to be paid out of the

next aid, or out of the finking fund.-Deficiencies of the malt tax

1 Geo. III. if not arifen on account of the faid aid before 19 Sept. 1763* to be fupplied out of any qf the monies or loans appropriated for the fer-7ice of the year 1763.

7  Vi  2  CAP,

t^ooQle

244

Preamble.

Anno tertio Georgh III. 0.3-6-  [1763.

CAP III.

An  aft for the regulation of bis Majefty's marine forces while

on fhort.

The fame as for the laft year. v. 2 Geo. 3. c. 12.

CAP. IV.

An aft for rectifying  miftakes in the, names of federal of the

commifftoners appointed' by an ad made in the of parliament, to put in execution  made  in  the  fame

feffion, intituled,An adt for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land-tax, to be raifed in Great for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two-, and for appointing other together with thofe named in to put in execution an act of this feffton of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land-tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three.

CAP. V.

An act to indemnify fucb as have omitted to qualify them-fehes for offices and  employmentsand to indemnify juftices

of the peace, deputy lieutenants, and officers of the militia, or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thofe purpofes •, and for the making and filing of affidavits of art icles of clerkfhip.

Further time allowed tp »8 Nov. 1763, under the fame circumftan ces, as in the lail year. v. 1 Geo. 3. c. 23.

CAP. VI.

An act for explaining and amending an act made in the thirty firft year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the Second, intituled. An act for the due making of bread, arid to regulate the price and affize thereof, and to punifh perfons who fhall adulterate meal, flour, or bread ■,  fo fa as the fame relates to that

part of Great Britain called Scotland •, and for rendering the faid act wore effectual in that part of the united kingdom.

WHEREAS by an ail of parliament made in

year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the Second, intituled. An ad for the due making of bread, and to regulate the price and affize thereof; and to punifli perfons who Ihall adulterate meal, flour, or bread ; certain powers are granted the feveral courts, magiftrates, and juftices of the peace therein mentioned.

if 63.]  Anno tertio GeoKgii III. c.6.  24$

tioned, to fit, afcertain, and appoint, the affize and weight of bread which Jhall be made for fale, or expofed to fale, and tb( price to be paid for the fame refpeftively, within the bounds of their feveral jurifdiftions, from time to time, as they Jhall think proper: and it is thereby enabled. That in every ajjize of bread which Jhall be fo fet and appointed, refpeft Jhall, from time to time, be had to the price which the grain, meal, or flour, whereof fuch bread Jhall be made, /tall bear in the publick market or markets in or near the publick place or places for which any fuch ajflze Jhall be Jo, at any time, Jet \ andy for afcertaining fuch price of grainy meal, or flour, from time to time, thefrueral courts, magiflrates, and jujlices of the peace therein mentioned, are thereby impowered, from time to time* as there Jball be occafeon, within their refpeftive jurifdiftions, to caufe the refpeftive prices which the feveralforts of grain, meal, and floury Jball, from time to time, bona fide, fell for in fuch publick markets, to be given in and certified upon oath unto fuch court, magiflrates, or jujlices of the peace refpeftively, within their feveraljurifdiftions, by the clerk of the market, or by fuch perfon or perfons, and in fuch manner, and on fuch day of the week, as they Jhall refpeftively appoint within their feveral jurifdiftions \ and the price which Jhall be fo certified, Jhall from time to time, be entered by the refpeftive per-fon or perfons who Jhall certify the fame, in a book or books to be provided and kept by him or them for that purpofe, in the form and manner as therein direfted: and whereas the above method of afcertaining the price of .wheat and rye, and the flour and meal made of thofe grains cannot take place within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by reafon that there are few publick markets for fuch grains, flour, or meal, within that part of the united kingdom; and where there are publick markets for grain, flour, or meal of any kind, there is no fuch officer as clerk of the market, who can certify to the magiflrates or juftices of the peace the refpeftive prices which the feveral forts of grain, meal, and flour, fell for in filch publick markets, whereby the falutary ejfieft, and exe* cution of the faid aft made for the whole united kingdom, is prevented and totally difappointed within that part thereof called Scotland : for remedy whereof, be it enaded by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of. the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That Magiflrates in place of the method preferibed and laid down in the faid ad and juftices to for afcertaining the price of the feveral kinds of grain, meal, cn3*,Jj? into,r and flour, it Ihall and may be lawful in that part of Great ^the prices* Britain called Scotland, for the magiflrates and juftices of the which the ie-peace who are by the faid ad authorized to fet the affize of veral forts of bread from time to time, and fo often as they (hall judge proper, within their refpedive jurifdidions, to enquire into and take Jour fen for proof of the prices, which rhe feveral forts of grain, meal, and jn the publick flour, fit and proper to make the feveral forts of bread which markets *

Ihall be allowed to be made by them, (hall bona fide fell for in the publick markets in or near the city, borough, or place, for which they are refpedively authorized to fet the affize of r  R  3  breads

and where there are no publick markets, then to take proof of the prefent or laft felling price thereof j \

fo as to a (certain the price the fame coils the baker;

they giving ]nrevious notice to the deacon of the bakers company, or to a reputable bakers, to attend the taking of fuck proof'.

The proof to proceed upon the oaths of a witneifes converfant in the prices;

who may be fummoned, and compelled to appear, and give evidences

fb as they be not obliged to travel above 5 miles from home.

Evidence to be ingroffed in a book,

Anno tertio Georgii III. c.6.

['fa-

bread ; or where there are no publick markets for any particular fpecies of grain, meal, or flour, in or near fuch city, borough, or place, to enquire into and take proof of the prefent or Taft felling price of fuch fpecies of grain, meal, or nour, whether of the growth of the country or brought from diftant places; to which felling price or prime coft (hall be added fuch an allowance for the expence and rifk of carriage or tranfportatien, as, from the enquiry and proof, fhall, to the faid magiftrates and juftices of the peace appear juft and reafonable; fo as that the price of fuch grain, meal, or flour, be, from time to time, afeer-tained according to what thofe feveral fpecies do or may truly coft the bakers before they can manufacture the fame into brero.

II.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That previous to the proof to be taken in the feveral cafes aforefaid, notice in writing fhall be given to the deacon of the incorporation of bakers, or, where there is no fuch incorporation to any two reputable bakers within the city, borough, or place, where fuch proof is to be taken, forty eight hours at lead before taking the fame, to the end that the makers of bread within fuch city, borough, or place, may, if they think proper, attend the taking fuch proof, and fuggeft fuch queftions, as may be proper to be put to the witnefles fummoned by the magiftrates or juftices of the peace refpeCtively, or offer fuch other witnefles or evidence, as may appear proper for proving the prices of the grain, meal, or flour in queftion.

III.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That fuch proof (hall only proceed upon the oaths of two or more credible witnefles, converfant in the prices of the feveral forts of grain, meal, or flour, which (hall be the fubje<ft of fuch enquiry, or by writings legally proved ; and that it fhall and may be lawful to the faid magiftrates and juftices of the peace within their refpedtive jurifdidlions, to fummon fuch per-fon or perfons as to them fhall appear mod proper for that pur-pofe, and to compel them to appear, and give their evidence * and that either by fuch remedies, and under fuch penalties, as are provided by the faid a<$t, in the cafe of perfons duly fom-mdned to give evidence, touching the rates- and prices of the feveral forts of grain, meal, and flour, where the return of the prices of fuch grain, meal, or flour, fhall be fufpe&ed as not truly and bom fide made, or by fuch remedies as are competent by the common law of Scotland, for compelling witnefles to appear and give evidence in any judicial trial, before a competent court.

IV.  Provided always, That the perfon or perfons fo fummoned, be not obliged to travel above five miles from the place of his, her, or their abode.

Vr And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the whole evidence to be taken as above, fhall be fairly ingroffed in a book to be kept for that purpofey by the town clerks of the feveral cities and boroughs, where fuch proofs fhall be taken by the magiftrates, or by the clerk of the peace where the proof fhall be taken by the juftices of the peace;

and

VjOOQLC

Anno ttrtio GEORGix III. c.6.  247

the evidence ai taken down In fbch book lhall be duly and fifned by * by the fevetal witneffes, and by the magiftrates or jufticesth* the peace who (hall take the fame fefpedWvely, according ^fe, the practice of the law of Scotland; and that fo Ofteri ds fuch the fames mall be taken, the magiftrates or juftices of the peace, .. . whom the fame (hall be taken respectively, (haQ, lm- ipeaive price* Mediately after doling the evidence, or ad foon as it cart coh- to be declared, leniently be done, declare the prices of the feveral kinds of in, meal, or flour, concerning which the enquiry has been ie, according as thefe (hall appear to them to be proved,

>m confidering the whole evidence, and which declaration 11 be ingrofleo in the book appointed to be kept as afore->d, immediately after the evidence, and (hall be figned by and entered in the magiftrates or juftices of the peace refpeftively, beforethe f*«d book, whom fuch proof (hall be taken; and which book containing a"d fi8n'd by the evidence and declaration aforefaid, (hall be op en, tadfftrSS patent, to the infpeftion of the makers of bread, and all other which is to b* perfons, without fee or reward; and (hall, to ah intents and free to publick purpofes, be'deemed and taken to be, equivalent to the re- infpefllon. turns or certificates of the market prices of all kinds of grain* meal, or flout, appointed to be taken by the faid aft : and the The affife arid magiftrates and jufticeS of the peace in that part of Great Britain height o» called Scotland, (hall thereupon proceed to fet, afeertain, and bread tor fa)er appoint, the aflize and weight of all forts of bread, which (half ^^dacc^d-be made for fale, or expofed to fale, and the price fo bef paid jng thereto, for the lame, within their tefpeftive jurifdiftions, When and as often, from time to time, a$ they fhall think fit, according to the directions, and agreeable to the tables eUafted and referred to by the faid aft.

VL Provided always, and be it etiafted by the authority afore- The aflize laid. That when and fo often as any aflize of bread lhall be fet, af- liable ter certained, and appointed, for any city, borough, or place. Within that part of Great Britain called Scotlandf by the magiftrates or f°r^ tj|| a juftices of the peace impowered for that purpofe, fuch aflize fhall new one w not be limited to endure for any certain time, but lhall continue made* and ftand in force until a new aflize of bread be fet, afeeftained, and appointed, by the faid magiftrates or juftices of the peace, for fuch city, borough, or place refpeftively; any thiftg in the aforelaid aft of the tnirty-firft year of the reigh of his late Ma-jefty, to the contrary notwithftanding.

V1L And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That ^po|1 upon an application in writing by any two or more of the inhabi- cation and tants or bakers, within any city, bofough, or county. Where fuch proof offered alfize of bread fhall be fet, to the magiftrates or juftices of the ot a. lijffieient peace who fet the laft aflize, or to the magiftrates or juftices of ^Ue^rke ^ the peace of fuch city, borough, or county, for the time being, any ipede» of fetting forth, and offering to prove, by proper evidence, that the the laid grain, price of any of the fpecies of grain before-mentioned, has rofe ty anT * or fallen fince the laft aflize of bread was fet, fo as to authorize ^er^fince an alteration of fuch laft aflize, according to the aforefaid aft of the laft aflize, his late Majeftv, and tables therein referred to; in every fuch cafe, the magiftrates or juftices of the peace, to whom fuch ap-

R 4  plication

Got e

248  Anno  tertio  GeorgiiIII.  c.6.  [1763,

plication (hall be made, (hall within their refpedive jurifdidions, be obliged to take evidence of the then current pricts, in the frefli evidence manner before directed; and if, upon advifing fuch proof, they it to be taken (hall find fuch a variation of the prices fince the laft aflize, as °riceC-and?1 Scribed *n  ad,  they (hall immediately fet and afcer-

new^fRze to tain a new aAize of bread, which (hall remain till altered agrec-be made - able to the diredions herein before given, conformable thereto.

Method of  VIII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Tha*

proceeding in in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall oe convided of any of the of-fences mentioned in the (aid ad, or in this prefent ad, before fenderslnthe any magi (Irate or magiftrates, juft ice or juftices of the peace, in recited or pre- that part of Great Britain called Scotland, fuch convidion (hall Cent aft.  proceed and be drawn up in the form commonly ufed and prac-

tifed before fuch magiftrates or juftices of the peace, in convictions for other offences of the like nature; any thing in the faid ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

Where the IX. And whereas it may happen, that the magiftrates of feme magiftrates of of the cities or boroughs in that part of Great Britain called Scot--yotv or  may  negled to execute the powers committed to them, of

lea°t^ir^Cuty ^ett^nS an<* appointing the aflize of bread, within their refpedive in fetting the7 cities and boroughs ; be it therefore enaded by the authority a-due aftize of forefaid. That in cafe of fuch negled of the magiftrates of any luck bread, city or borough, to fet an aflize of bread, or to alter any former aflize fet by them by a new aflize, when fuch alteration in the price of wheat or other grain (hall occur as is fufficient to authorize an alteration of the laft aflize of bread according to the (aid ad, it (hall and may be lawful fof any two or more of the juftices of the peace, ot the county within which fuch city or borough lies, to require the chief magiftrate of fuch city or bo-Jet or alter the rough> by a writing under their hands, to fet the aflize of bread, ferae;  or to alter any former aflize of bread, according as the cafe (hall

and on their occur ; and in cafe fuch chief magiftrate, or the other mari-negled to ftrates of the faid city or borough, mall refufe or negled, forme ^ithP within*" *Pace ten days a^ter requisition, to fet fuch aflize, or to 10 days, they alter any aflize then in force, when the alteration of the price of then fettle wheat or other grain does permit the fame, then and in every aflize fuch cafe any two or more juftices of the peace of fuch county (hall have power, and are hereby authorized, after taking proof of the prices of the feveral kinds of grain,' meal, or flour, in manner above direded, to fet, afcertain and appoint, an aflize of bread for fuch city or borough, which (hall remain in full force until altered by the magiftrates thereof, or, in cafe of their negled, by any two or more of the faid juftices of peace.

The recited X. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That ad, where not every claufe, matter, and thing, contained in the aforefaid ad of ahered by this the thirty-firft year of his late Majefty’s reign, (hall remain and ^’andbrin continue in full force, in that part of the kingdom of Great Bri-force within tain called Scotland, except in fo far as t^/Yame is altered by this ScotUud. ad.

* juftices of the county, &c. may require them to

themfelves.

CAP.

7 63-]

Anno tertio GeorOiI III. 0.7,8.

249

CAP. VII.

in aft for punifhing mutiny and defertion •, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

The fame as in the laft year. v. 2 Geo. 3. c. 2.

CAP. VIII.

An aft to enable fucb officers, mariners, and foldiers, *j have been in the land or fea-fervice, 0r *7* /£* marines,fince the twenty- fecond year of his late majefty King George the Second, to exercife trades.

W'HEREAS there bath been, and are, divers officers, mariners, Gamble.

foldiers, W marines, who have ferved his late Majefty,

Hr prefent Majefty, /# the late wars by fea and land, feme of which are men that ujed trades, others that were apprentices to trades, who bad not ferved out their times, and others, who by their own induftry, have made themfelves apt and fit for trades: many of which, the wars being now ended, twwjy willingly employ themfelves in thofe trades which they were formerly accuftomed to, or which they are apt or able to follow and make ufe of for the getting their living by their own labour, but are or maybe hindered from exercifmg thofe trades in certain i\ties and corporations, and other places within this kingdom, becaufe of certain by-laws and cujloms of thofe places, and of the ftatute made tn the fifth year of queen Elizabeth, prohibiting the ufe of certain -trades by any perfon who hath not ferved as an apprentice to fuch ' trade for the /pace offeven years: for remedy whereof be it enabled by the Kingys moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament qjfembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all fuch officers, ^J^r8f0|T,a' mariners, foldiers, and marines, who have been at any time cm- diersf and nia-ployed in the fervice of his late Majefty, or of his prefent Ma jdty, nines! who fince the twenty-ninth day of November, in the year of our Lord have been at one thoufand (even hundred and forty-eight, and have not fince a^y time cm* deferted the faid fervice; and alfo the wives and children of fuch  'ftrvice

officers, mariners, foldiers, and marines ; may fet up and exercife (ince 19. Bov. fiich trades as they are apt and able for, in any town or place 1748, and within the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, without any let, fuit or moleftation, of any perfon or perfons whatfoever, for ^u<Vthe wive*' or by reafon of the ufing of fuch trade ; nor (hall fuch officers, and children mariners, foldiers, or marines, or their wives or children, dur- of fuch, are ing the time they (hall exercife fuch trades, be removeable from authorized to fuch re(pe<ftive place or places, to his, her, or their laft legal Jrcife tradw** place of fettlement, by virtue of any law now in being relative to within anv the fettlement of the poor, until fuch perfon or perfons (hall be- parrs of Great come actually chargeable to fuch parifh or place; and if any fuch or. , officer or officers, mariner or mariners, foldier or foldiers, marine out lett; or marines, or the wife or child of any fuch officer, manner, foldier, or marine, who (hall be fued, impleaded, or indi&ed in bci^Hible^o any court whatfoever, within this kingdom, for ufing or exer- ?cmoved cifingany fiich trades as aforefaid, then the faid officer or officers, from thence

mariner to their laft

250  Anno  tertio  Georgii  III. c.8.  [1763.

legal place of mariner or mariners, foldier or foldiers, marine or marines, of fettlement, any wife or child Gf any fuch officer, mariner, foldier, orma~ oome aftually nnc, ma^ng it appear to the fame court, where they are fo fued, chargeable to impleaded, or indifted, that they have ferved his late or prefent the parifh 3 Majefty as aforefaid,or that he, (he, or they, is or are the wifeor and if fued, wives, child or children, of fuch officer or officers, mariner or ma-upon pleading oners, foldier or foldiers, marine or marines, win) (hall have fo iffue^they1 ^erve^ his latc or prefeftt Majefty, (hall, upon the general iflue fhall be acquit* pleaded, be found not guilty in any plaint, bill, information or ted,  indiftment, exhibited againft them3 and fuch perfons who not-

withftanding this aft, (hall profecute the fold foit, by bill, plaint, information, or indiftment, and (hall have a verdift pafs againft him, or become nonfuit therein, or difeontinue their faia fuit, fuch perfon or perfons (hall pay unto fuch officer or officers, mariner or mariners, foldier or foldiers, marine or marines, or the wife or child of fuch officer, mariner, foldier, or marine, and be paid refpeftively, double cofts of fuit, to be recovered as any other double cofoof c°fts at common iaw may be recovered; and all judges and ju-U1 #  rors, before whom any fuch fuit, information, or indidtment, (hall

be brought, and all other perfons whatfoever, are to take notice of this prefent aft, and (hall conform themfclves thereto j any ftatute, law, ordinance, cuftom, or provifion, to the contrary ini any wife notwithftanding.

Where any II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That two juftices ^ (ball and may be lawful for any two or more juftices of the orVlace^here Peacc ^or t*ic county, town, or place, where any Rich officer, they (hall fo mariner, foldier, or marine, (hall fet up and exercife any trade fet up, (hall as aforefaid, to caufe fuch officer, mariner, foldier, or marine, fummon^them to be fummoned before them in the town or place where fuch denceCasVto °®cer> mariner, foldier, or marine, (hall fet up and exercife fuch the place of trade as aforefaid, in oyder to make oath of the place of his laft their lait legal legal fettlement (which oath the faid juftices are hereby impow-ffettleroent, ered to adminifter) and fuch officer, mariner, foldier, or marine, they (hall  are hereby direfted to obey foch fummons, and to make oatli ac-

makeoath ac- cordingly 3 and fuch Juftices are hereby required to give an at-cordmgly j tefted copy of fuch affidavit fo made before them, to the perfon making the fame, in order that he may produce it when required3 cMvi^tKof which attefted copy (hall at any time be admitted as evidence as ihall be given to fuch laft legal fettlement, before any of his Majefty’s juftices them,  of the peace at any general or quarter feflions of the peace,

which (hall be admitted as evidence at the quarter feflions |

and if fura-  III. Provided always. That in cafe any fuch officer, mariner,

I“oncd again, foldier, or marine, (nail again be fuftimoned to make oath as te obbgedTo  then on fuefh attefted copy of the oath by him fbr-

take a frefh merly taken being produced by him or by any other perfon on oath, but his behalf, fuch officer, mariner, foldier, or marine, (hall not produce the be obliged to take any other or further oath with regard to his tevTaVopv legal fettlement, but (nail leave a copy of fuch attefted copy of his thereof. examination, if required.

Privileges of IV. Provided always. That this aft (hall not in any wife be thV^° Uni* prejudicial to the privileges of the univerfities of Cambridge and fovea!*rC*  Oxford, or either of them 3 or extend to give liberty to any perfon

to

Dogle

63.]  Anno tcrtio Georgn III. c.9.

> fct up the trade of a vintner, or tQ fell any wine or other li-iots within the faid univerfities without licence firft had and itamed from the vice-chancellor of the fame refpeftively.

CAP. IX.

fs a£l for granting annuities to fatisfy certain navy, victuallings and tranfport bills, and ordnance debentures 5 and for charging the payment offucb annuities on the finking fund; and making good the fame to the faid funds in manner therein mentioned.

Mod gracious fovercign,

ilTE, your Majejhft mofi dutiful and loyal fubjetls, the commons preamble. V V of Great Britain, in parliament affembledy have taken into our rious confederation, that notwithfianding the great fupplies which ove been granted for carrying on the war, feveral debts and deficients remain unprovided for, particularly upon account of bills payable in 9urfe of the navy and victualling offices, and for tranfports, made out n or before the thirty-firfi day ^December, one tboufandfevenhun-M and Jixty two, to the amount of three millions feventy five thousand three hundred and ftxteen pounds, and three pence; and upon ae-sunt of debentures payable out of the office of ordnance, which were hied on or before the faid thirty-firfi day ef December, one tboufand (rm hundred and fixty-two, amounting to five hundred ninety five thafand four hundred and twenty-three pounds, two /hillings, ana five tmu: and your Majeftys faithful commons being fully fenfible how highly it concerns the honour of your MayejWs government, and thf pubtici credit of this kingdom, that tkeearuefi pojftble provifion fhould be mode for dtfeharging thofe debts, and /applying thofe deficiencies which have beat controlled and incurred in the profecution of the late hazardous and expenftve, but no lefs glorious and fuctefsful wary have refobed, in order to make provifion forJatisfying all fucb bills and debentures, to give andgrant unto your Mafefty fuch Jupply as is herein after mentioned, for paying (in lieu of all other intereft) an mterefi er annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, by halfyearly payments, to commence from the tzuenty-fifth day of March, m tboufand feven hundred andfixty-three, for and in refpebt of the [urns payable on the faid navy, viCtuallheg, and tranfport bills, and the, mterefi thereupon, andalfo for the fttms payable on the Jaid debentures,

Until fuch annuities ftxdl be redeemed and paid off, in manner herein after mentioned; and do therefore moft humbly befetcb your Majofty that it may be enacted; and be it enabled by the King's moft excellent majefiy, by and with tlx advice and confent of the lords fpititual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament ajfembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the annuities which by this aft (hall Atimiirie* be granted and made payable, for and in refpeft of the bills pay- granted by able in courfe of the navy and viftualling offices, and for tranf-this a^-ports, and for the debentures payable out of his Majefty’s office of ordnance, which were refpeftively made out or dated on or before the thirty-firft day of December, one tboufand feven hundred and fixty-two, until the redemption of fuch annuities by

par-

f

252  Anno  terrio  GeoKgii  III.  c.9.  [J7^3->

parliament in manner hereafter mentioned, (hall, front and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and payable out of fixty-three, be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the finking the monies, which from and after the faid twenty-fifth day of fund.  March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three, fhall, from

time to time, arife and be in the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, of or for the furpJufles,excefles, or overplus monies, commonly called \he finking fund (after paying or referving fufficienr to pay all fuch fums of money, as have been dire<5ted by any former adl or a6fr of parliament, to be paid out of the fame) bc'^laceJt0 anc* ^at ^ums ^ue(* out the faid monies commonly out olthenext called the fimking fundy fhall be, from time to time, replaced and aids.  made good out of the next aids to be granted in parliament, in

fuch manner as is herein after mentioned.

The bills or n. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That be ddfreraitolt an<* may lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, na-the treafurers tives, or foreigners, bodies politick, or corporate, who fhall be of the refpec- poflefled of, interefted in, or entituled unto* any bill or bills, tlvf^ces> on payable in courfe out of his Majefty’s offices of the navy or 55^^1763. vi«ualhng, or for tranfports, or any debenture or deben-* tures payable out of his Majefty’s office of ordnance, which were relpedtively made out or dated in the faid refpedtive offices, on or before the thirty-firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-two, to deliver fuch bill or bills, debenture or debentures, to the refpedtive treafurers of the faid offices, to be marked, cancelled, and certified, in fuch manner as is herein after mentioned, at any time on or before the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three, and at fuch place or places as fhall have been appointed, by notice given in the London Gazette, and other publick papers, for that purpofe.

and the inter- III. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the autho-eft upon the nty aforefaid. That the intereft which fhall become due on the rin^smd al" twenty-fifth day of Marchy one thoufand feven hundred transport and fixty-three, for and in refpedt of fuch of the faid navy, vic-bills, is to be tualling, and tranfport bills, as bear an intereft, fhall be com-marked at the puted and marked upon the faid bills, at the navy or vi<Shialling Seforede^rS> °®ce refpeclively, before the fame are delivered to the treafurer thereof to the*  Majefty’s navy ; and the proper officer and officers of his

treafurer of Majefty’9 navy office, and vi&ualling office refpe&ively, is and the navy j are hereby authorized and required, to compute and mark the intereft as aforefaid, upon every fuch bill, which fhall be tendered to him or them for that purpofe. and the bills IV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, <0 delivered in That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the treafurer of his arC kin* A Majefty’s navy for the time being, to take in and receive from wncelledbv artd evci7 P^fonor perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies po-him j * ^ litick or corporate, who is, are, or (hall be, poflefled of, interefted in, or intituled unto,any fuch navy, victualling or tranfport bills, all the faid bills, which any fuch perfon or perfbns, bodies politick or corporate, fhall, on or before the faid twenty-

fifth

L^ooQle

1763.] Anno tertio GeoRgii III. c.9.

fifth 4ay Marchy one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three, deliver to fuch treafurer; and the faid treafurer, or his pay-mafter andcaftiier, is and are hereby authorized and required to mark and cancel every fuch bill; and certify the fame, together with the amount of the intereft which (hall have been computed and marked as aforefaid upon fuch of the faid bills as bear an intereft, to the governor and company of the bank of England \ and that it alfo (hall and may be lawful to and for the treafurer of his Majefty’s office of ordnance in like manner to take in all fuch debentures payable out of the faid office of ordnance, which, on or before the faid twenty-fifth day of Marchy one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three, (hall be delivered to him ; and the faid laft mentioned treafurer, or his deputy, is hereby authorized and required to cancel the fame, and certify every fuch debenture to t{ic faid governor and company of the bank of England.

V.  And be if further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That all and every perfon and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, who (hall deliver any fuch bill or bills, debenture or debentures, to the faid refpedhve treafurers as aforefaid, (hall, for the principal fum or fums contained in every fuch bill or bills, and alfo for the intereft which lhall have been computed and marked as aforefaid upon fuch of the faid bills as bear an intereft, and alfo for the principal fum or fums contained in every fuch debenture or debentures, be refpe&ively intituled to, and have an annuity after the faid rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the faid twenty-fifth day of Morchy one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three, and to be paid and payable to fuch perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, or fuch as he, (he, or they (hall appoint, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceuors, or affigns refpeeftively, until the redemption thereof by parliament, in manner herein after mentioned; which faid annuity (hall be payable half-yearly at two of the moft ufual days of payment in the year (that is to fay) the twenty-ninth day of Septembery and the twenty-fifth day of March ; the firft payment thereof to become due on the twenty-ninth day of Septembery one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three; and that all perfons and corporations intituled to any fuch annuity or annuities aforefaid, and his, her, and their adminiftrators, fucceflors, and affigns refpedlively, and all perfons and corporations lawfully claiming under him, her, or them, lhall have good, fure, abfolute, and indefeafable eftates and interefts in the faid annuities, according to the tenor and true meaning of this avft, and (hall be poftelkd thereof as of a perfonal eftate, which (hall not be dependable to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of Londony or otherwife; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwith-ftanding ; and that all the faid annuities (hall be free from all taxes, charges, and impolitions whatfoever.

VI.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That upon the delivering in of every fuch navy, victualling, or

transport

*53

and certified, together witli the interefi, to the bank.

Treafurer of the ordnance office to cancel the debentures in like manner, and certify the fame to the bank.

Proprietors of the faid bills and debentures intirled to an annuity thereon, after the rate of 4I. per cent, per ann. to commence a$ March, 1763 5

and to be paid half-yearly; viz. on 10 Sept, and 15 March:

the fame to be deemed a perfonal ellate j

and to be tax-free.

Therefpetfive treafurers of the navy and

254  AnnotertioGEORGii.III  c.9.  [1763:

ordnance are tranfport bill, by any pcrlbn or perfons, bodies politick or oor-fic^teVfor the P01^*  treasurer of his Majefty’s navy, or his paymafter and

principal fums  lhall, and they are hereby authorised and required forth-

m the laid  with to give a certificate figned by him or them, for the princi-

bill* and de-  pal fum or fums contained in every fuch bill; and alfo for the

for'theT'* and *ntcrc^ which (hall have been computed and marked as afore-tereft due on to be <*ue on t^'e Wd twenty-fifth day of Marchy one %$ March,  thoufand feven hundred and fixty-tnree, upon fuch of the laid

>763*  bills as bear an intereft, to fuch perfon or perfons, bodies poli-

tick or corporate, or his, her, or their affigns; and that upon the delivering in by any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or cor-

Sorate, of every fuch debenture or debentures, the treafurerof his lajefty’s office of ordnance, or his deputy, (hall, and they are hereby authorized and required forthwith to give a certificate figned by the faid treafurer or deputy, for the principal (urn or fums contained in every fuch debenture, to fuch perron or per-which may be fons, bodies politick or corporate, or his, her, or their afligns ; a (figned by  and all fuch certificates (hall be aflignable by indorfement there-

indorlenient Upon made at any time before the twenty-ninth day of Septem-mj^bcldre one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three, and no longer; *9 Sept. 1761. and all fuch certificates and aflignments thereupon (ball not be Principal and charged with any (lamp duties whatsoever; and that the intereft 1Dt*reit to be fo computed and marked on every fuch bill bearing intereft as thcr andgC aforefaid, (hall be added to the principal fum contained in every made one fum fuch hill, and the amount of fuch principal and intereft, or the of in the bills amount of the fum contained in every fuch bill not bearing in-and deben- tereft, and in every fuch debenture refpe&ively certified in man-turcs-  ner before directed, (hall be the principal fums for which the

perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, delivering fuch bills or debentures, (hall be intituled to an annuity after the (aid rate of four pounds per centum per annum.

Guardians VII. Provided alfo, and be it further enadted by the authority and truftees aforefaid. That if any infants (hall, by the gift, devife, or de-fordinfentsUP cca^e tb© parent or other relation or fuch infants, or other-fuchbilis or wife, become intituled to any of the faid bills or debentures, in debentures as fuch cafe the guardian or guardians, truftee or truftees of fuch they are in- infant or infants, (hall or may be, and he, (he, or they is or muled to, in arc hCTtby impowered, for the benefit of fuch infant or infants, o?the faid*an-to deliver up tofuch refpeeftive treafurers all fuch of the faid bills nuity. or debentures to which fuch infant or infants (hall be fo intituled ; and fuch infant and infants, guardian or guardians, truftee or truftees, delivering up fuch bills or debentures, (hall be intituled to fuch an annuity as aforefaid; and the faid guardian or guardians, truftee or truftees, (hall be difeharged from the fame; any thing herein contained, or any law, ufage, or cuftotn to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

Executors and VIII. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted by the autho-rruitecs of rJty aforefaid. That any perfon or perfons who, as executor to, liver up° in or adminiftrator, truftee, committee of an ideot or lunatick, like manner, or perfons of unfound mind, depofitary or mortgagee, (hall ftich bills or be or become poffeffed of? interefte4 ip> or intituled untq

pny

L*oo<

763  Anno  tertio  Gf.orgii  III.  c.9.

iy otf the Aid bills or debentures, (hall and may deliver up icb bills or debentures as they (hall be fo poflefled of, interefted i, ok intituled unto, fiich refpcAive treafurars as aforefaid j and s to executors or adminiftrators, the annuities which they tall be intituled to in refpedt of the Aid bills or debentures fo by ico*. delivered up, (hall be the fame ailets in their hands, as te (said bills or debentures were, or would have been, had they ot fcaeen fo delivered up for fuch annuity as aforefitid; and as to ruft^cs', committees, depofitaries, and mortgagees, the annuity >hu=h they (hall be intituled unto for or in refpedt of fuch trull, k mortgaged bills or debentures, which they (ball fo deliver op to fuch refpe&ive treafurers as aforefaid, (hall be (ubjeft and Sable to the fame trulls and equity of redemption, as fuch bills nr debentures were, or would have been, had they not been fo delivered up for fuch annuity as aforefaid.

IX.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid governor and company of the bank of England^ and their (ucceflors, or fitch perfon or perfons as they mall appoint for that purpofe, and he and they is and are hereby refpe&ively authorized and required to take in and receive all and every of thecertificates to be made out in lien of the faid bills and debentures as afore-Aid, in purfuance of the directions of this aCt; and upon the receipt of every fuch certificate (hall, and he and they is and are hereby required forthwith to give credit in a book or books to be prepared for that purpofe, for the principal fums contained in every fuch certificate fo brought to him or them as aforefaid; and the perfons, bodies politick or corporate, to whofe credit fiich principal fums (hall be entered in the Aid book or books, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, (hall and may have power to afiign and transfer the fame, or any part, (have, pr proportion thereof to any other perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate whatever, in other books to be prepared and kept for that purpofe; and the faid governor and company for the time being (hall al(b, on or before the twenty-fourth day of Jwe> one thoufand feven hundred and Axty-four, tranirnit an attefted duplicate fairly written on paper, of the (aid book or books firft herein Wore mentioned, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, there to remain for ever.

X.  And, for the more easy and fore payment of the annuities cflabiilhed by this aft j it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the (aid governor and company of the bank of England, and their foccefiors, (hall, from time to time, until the faid annuities (hall be redeemed according to this aft, appoint and employ one or more fufficient perfon or perfons within their office in the city of London, to be their cKiet or foil cafhier or ca(hiers, and one other fufficient perfon within the lame office to be their accomplant-general; and that fo much of the monies from time to time, and at any time, arifing or be-

?  ing

255

debentures as they are thereby re-fpe&ively intituled to $ th.e annuities to be the fame aflets.

and liable to the fame trufts, as the bills, &c.

Bank to take in the certificates.

and give credit in proper books for the fums contained therein,

which may be transferred.

Duplicate of the faid book to betranf-mitted into the office of the auditor of the exchequer.

Bank to appoint one or more chief cafhiers.

and an ac-

coinptant-ge-

neral.

v^-ooQle

Treafury to itfae the monies out of the finking fund ♦or payment of the faid annuities, to the faid chief carrier

by wav of

imprest.

who is to pay

the fame accordingly.

Accomptant • general to in-5pe& all receipts and payments.

Monies converted into the annuities to be deemed one capital or joint nock, carrying 4I. per cent in-tereft, transferable.

Alignments and transfers to be entered and figred,

Anno tertio Georgii III. c.g. [17^,

ing in the receipt of the exchequer of or for the furplufles, ex-cefles, or overplus monies commonly called The Sinking Fund, as (hall be fumcientfrom time to time to anfwer the half-yearly payments of the faid annuities, and other payments directed by this aft be made, (hall (after paying or referving fufficicnt to pay all fuch fums of moneys as, before the palling of this aft, (hall have been directed bv any other ad or ads of parliament to be paid out of the faid rimd) by order of the commilTtoners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for4he time being, without any further or other warrant, to be fued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, be ifiued and paid at the faid receipt of exchequer, to the faid firil or chief camier or ca(hiers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucccflors for the time being, by way of impreft, and upon account, for the payment of the faid annuities; and that fuch calhier or calhiers to whom the faid monies (hall, from time to time, be ifTued, (hall, from time to time, without delay, apply and pay the fame accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof, according to the due courfe of the exchequer,*'-

XI.  And it is hereby alio enaded. That the (aid accomptant-general for the time being, (hall, from time to time, infpeft and examine all receipts and payments of the faid calhier or caihiers, and the vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay.

XII.  And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all the monies intended to be converted into annuities by virtue of this ad, (hall be deemed, reputed, and taken to be, one capital or joint (lock, on which the laid annuities, after the faid rate of four pounds per centum per annum, (hall be attending 5 and that all and every perfon and perfons, and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money which he, (he, or they (hall be intituled to as aforefaid, (hall have and be deemed to have a proportional intereft and (hare in the faid (lock, and in the annuity attending the fame, at the rate aforefaid; and that the faid whole capital or joint (lock, or any (hare or in-tereil therein, and the proportional annuity attending the lame, (hall be aflignable and transferrable as this aft direfts, rod not otherwise ; and that there (hall conftantly be kept in the office of the faid accomptant-general for the time being within the city of London, a book or books, wherein all afligmnents or transfers of the faid whole capital or joint (lock, or any part thereof, and the proportional annuity attending the fame, at the rate aforefaid, (hall be entered ana regiftered; which entries (hall be conceived in proper words for that purpofe, and (hall be figned by the parties making fuch affignments or transfers; | or, it any fuch party or parties be abfent, by his, her, or their attorney or attomies thereunto lawfully authorized, by writing under his, her, or their hands and feals, to be attefted by two or more credible witoefles; and that the perfon or perions to

whom

1763.]  Anno terrio Georgii III. c.9.  257

whom fuch transfer lhall be made, (hall refpedtively underwrite his, her, or their acceptance thereof; and that no other method of aligning or transferring the faid flock, and the annuities attending the lame, or any part thereof, or any intereft and to be free therein, (hall be good and available in law; and that no ftatnp °/ftamP du-duties whatfoever lhall be charged on the (aid transfers, or anytie*' of them.  ,

XIII.  Provided always. That all perfons poflefled of any Annuities lhare or intereft in the faid joint flock of annuities, or any

eftate or intereft therein, may devife the lame by will in writing*  y

attefted by. two or more credible witnefles; but that no pay- tobcca-ment (hall be made upon any fuch devife, until fo much of the tcrcd‘ faid will as relates to fuch eftate, lhare or intereft, be entered in the faid office j and that in default of fuch transfer or devife, ftich lhare, eftate, or intereft, (hall go to the executors, admini-ftrators, fucceflors, and alfigns.

XIV.  Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid governor and company of the

bank of England, and their fucceflors (notwithftandmg the re- to co°-demption of all or any of their own funds in purfuance of the adts for eftablilhing the fame, or any of them) (hall continue a demption of corporation for the purpofes of this a&, till all the faid annuities the annuities, lhall be redeemed by parliament; and the faid governor and company, or any member thereof, lhall not ineur any durability for or by feafon of his or their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this adh

XV.  And it is hereby enadfed by the authority aforefaid* fee to be That no fee, reward, or gratuity whatfoever, lhall be demanded maner^ce?. or taken for computing and marking the intereft on the faid fary to be bills, or for receiving, taking in, or cancelling, the faid bills or done, debentures, or any of them, or for granting certificates in lieu

thereof, as aforefaid, or for iffuing the monies for paying the faid annuities, or any of them, or for any transfer ot any fum, great or fmall, to be made in purfuance of this adl, upon pain that any officer or perfon offending, by taking or demanding any fee, reward, or gratuity, contrary to thisadt, lhall, for every offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds to the party grieved 5 on^penalty of to be recovered with full cofts of fuit, by adtion of debt, bill, *° plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at JVeflminJier, wherein no efloin, protedtion, privilege, or wager of law, injundtion* or order of reftraint, or any more than one imparlance, (hall be granted or allowed.

XVI.  Provided always, and be it enadled by the authority Treafuiy m-aforefaid, That the commiftioners of the treafury, or any three thorized to or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three &yt awards or more of the commiffioners of the treafuiy for the time being, p°j£d?andto lhall have power, and they are hereby authorized to reward all pay incident fuch perfons as lhall be any ways employed in the execution of charges, Sec. this adt, for their fervice, pains, and labour,1 and alfo to defray

fuch incident charges as lhall neceffarily attend the fame, out Vol. XXV.  S  of

i$8  Anno  ttrtio  Gedrgii HI. C.$:  [x 763.

of fhe faid fuipluflcs, cxccfles, or overphfc monies; and aUb to appoint fuch allowances as they (hall think proper, out of the faid furpluflfes, exceffes, or overplus monies, for the fervice, ...  pains,  and  labour, of the calhidr or cafhiers of the faid governor

in SK and company of the bank of England, for receiving, paying, and the officers of accounting tor the laid annuities, made payable by this ad; the bank, to and alfo for the fervice, pains, and trouble, of the accomptant Sc™1**  governor and company, for performing the

governor and duty *nd truft incumbent on him by this ad; all which affow-company. ances hereby empowered to be made as aforefaid, in refpeft to the fervice, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the (aid governor and company of the bank of England, (hall be for the ufe and benefit of the (aid governor and company, and at their difpofal only; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Money iflued XVII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, for the pur- That the feveral fums of money which (hall, from time to time, pofes ot this jflfued and applied by virtue of this ad, out of the faid finking fond? mon*es compofing the faid fund, commonly called Tie Sinking to be replaced Fund, for payment of the faid annuities, and for rewards, indent of the  dent charges, allowances, and in difcharge of any other expences

next fupplies. hereby authorized to be paid, (hall, from time to time, be made good, and replaced by and out of the fupplies to be granted in the next feffion of parliament, after fuch iffues and applications (hall be refoeftively made.

Claufe of re- XVIII. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority demption.  aforefaid,That at any time upon fix months notice to be printed in

the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London\ and upon repayment, by parliament, of the prinripal film for which the faid annuities are eftablilhed (by payments not being lefs than five hundred thoufand pounds at one time) in fuch manner as (hall be direded by any future ad or ads of parliament in that behalf; and alfo upon full payment of all arrearages of the fame annuities; then, and not till then, fuch and fo much of the faid annuities as (hall be attending on the principal (urns lb paid off, (hall ceafe and determine, and be underftood to be redeemed ; and that any vote or refolution of the houfe of commons, fignified by the fpeaker in writing, to be inferted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London, as aforefaid, (hall be' deemed and adjudged to be fufficient notice within the words and meaning of this aft.

Limitation of XIX. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, aftions. That if any perfon or perfons (hall, at any time or times, be fued, molefted, or profecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this aft, or ot any matter or General lffiie. thing therein contained, fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his and their defence ; and if a verdift (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall difeon-tinue his or their aftion, or be nonfuited, or judgment fhall be

given

LiOOQle

*7^S-3  Anno tertio Georoii III, c.io.  ?59

eiven againft him or them, upon demurrer, or otherwise, then Treble cofta, mch defendant or defendants (hall have treble coils to him or them awarded againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. X.

jfn afl for applying the money granted in ibis feffion pf par-liament, for defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia of that part of Great Britain called England,  t

far one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one f boufandfeven hundred and fixty three, and for appointing a time and place for exercifing the militia in the faidyear.

WHEREAS the fum of one hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, Preamble* has been granted to his Majefiy^ for defraying the charge of pay and clothing for the militia, for one year ,from the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred andfixty three: in order therefore that the charge of pay and clothing for fuch militia may he duly and properly defrayed and fatisfied; be it ena&ed by the .King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prelent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the lame. That in every county, riding, or place, within that part of Great Britain called England, where the militia is or (hall railed, the receiver or receivers general of the land tax, of fuch fhallberaifed, county, riding, or place refpedively, (hall ifiiie and pay the the receiver-whole fums required, in the manner and for the feveral ufes general of the herein after mentioned ; that is to fay, for the pay of the faid ^months militia for four calendar months in advance, at the rate of fix pay ad. (hillings a day for each adjutant, where an adjutant is appoint- yance, accord-©d; and at the rate of one (hilling for each ferjeant, with the ad- *ng to the dition of two (hillings and fix pence a week for each fer- «ft*bli(hniwt jeant-major, where a feijeant-major is appointed; and at the fet^downj rate of fixpence a day for each drummer, with the addition of fix pence a day for each drum-mayor, where a drum-major is appointed; and alfo at the rate of fix pence a month for each private man and drummer, for defraying the contingent ex-pences of each regiment, battalion, of independent company of militia, one penny whereof (hall be applied to defraying the hofpital expences of each regiment, battalion, or independent company, during the time of the mens being from home, upon account of their annual exercife; and alfo for half a year’s falary with half a for the clerk of each regiment or battalion of militia^elonging^Yhe^1^ to fuch county, riding, or place, at the rate of fifty pounds a menu/and year; and alfo for the refpe&ive allowances to the clerk of the battalion general meetings, and clerks of the feveral fubdivifion meetings, clerks; at the rates following ; that is to fay, to the cleik of the general meetings, at the rate of five pounds five (hillings for each meet- the c?erk$ of ing; and to the feveral clerks of the (ubdivifion meetings, at the general the rate of one pound one (hilling for each meeting ; and alfo and fubdi-for the doathing of the militia for fuch county, riding, or place, m€C** after the rate of three pounds ten (hillings for each feijeant, and in** *

S a  $wo

t.6o  Anno  tcrtio Georgii III. c.io. [1763*:

and pay for two pounds for each drummer, with the addition of one pound ^or cach fejeant-majorjand each drum-major; and with refped e  to the private militia men, where the militia hath been em-

bodied, or having not been embodied, hath not been cloathed within three years, at the rate of one pound ten (hillings for each private man.

The above H. provided neverthelefs, That in any county, riding, or to^apaid°if P*ace> w^erc pay has not been yet iffued for the militia, no pay pay has not (hall be iffued until his Majefty’s lieutenant, or, in his abfcnce, before been any three deputy lieutenants, of any fuch county, riding, or iffued, till the place, (hall have certified to the commiflioners of nis Majefty’s depuriwfcaU trea^ury> and to the receiver-general of the land tax, that three have certified fifths of the number of private militia men of fuch county, rid-to the treafo- ing, or place, have been inrolled, and that three fifths of the ry andre- proportion of their commiflion * officers have accepted their raUhe mrol- Comm*fli°nss and entered their qualifications as by law required, ment of three fifths of the men and officers.

The money III. And be it enacted, That all fuch fums of money afore-b ^hel-e^ fincl* except fuch as (hall be due to the fcveral clerks of the ceiver general meetings aforefaid, (hall, where the militia has never been em-to the derk of bodied, be paid by the faid receiver or receivers-general of the the regiment land tax, into the hands of the clerk or clerks of the regiments fexce1 ^th" or ^attafi°ns militia belonging to fuch county, riding, or allowances^o place, upon his or their producing his or their warrant or war-the clerks of rants or appointment to luch office, under the hand and feal of the meetings) his Majefty’s lieutenant for fuch refpeflive county, riding, or unnn ru-rvhir. pjace. an(j whcre the  has been embodied, into the

hands of the clerk or clerks of the regiments or battalions, upon his or their producing his or their warrant or warrants of appointment to fuch office, under the hand and feal of the colonel, or, where there is no colonel, of the commanding officer of each regiment or battalion refpedtively, notwithftanding fuch militia (hall have been difembodied ; and where the militia (hall be formed into an independent company, or independent companies, fufch fums as aforefaid (hall be paid by the faid receiver or receivers-general of the land tax, into the hands of the refpe&ive captain of each independent company of militia, or to fuch perfon as fuch refpeeftive captain (hall authorize to receive the fame, according to the number of perfons hereby intituled to receive pay and cloathing, of which fuch regiment or regiments, battalion or battalions independent company or independent companies, (hall have been appointed to confift, ac-tlie Vaftfeifion. cording to the eftablifhment laid down in an a& palled in the laft femon of parliament, intituled, An ail to explain, amend, and reduce into one aft of parliament, the feveral laws now in being re~ , la ting to the railing and training the militia within that part of Great mentis aUb^" Brita*n ca^d England ; and fuch receiver or receivers-general to be made of the land tax (nail alfo, within fourteen days after the expira-within three tion of the third calendar month from the time of the faid firft

Sefirtt.a,tef .  payment.

upon produo ing the warrant of bis appointment \

and for independent companies, to the refpe&ive captains, or to their order $

:ording the e ft abh foment laid down in the mititia a& of

1763.] Anno tcrdo Georgii III. c.xo.  i6t

payment, make a fecond payment for four calendar months in and a third advance; and (hall alfo, within fourteen days after the expira- withm three tion of the third calendar month from the time of the faid fe- the feconcL^ cofid payment, make a third payment for four calendar months in advance, for the pay and contingent expences of the militia,  %

and for the allowances to the regimental or battalion clerk or clerks aforefaid, in the proportions herein before mentioned; receipts of and the receipts of fuch clerk or clerks, and of fuch captain 6fthe pcrfons to an independent company or captains of independent compa- l^ajj ni*s, or of fuch perfon or perfons as fuch captain or captains befo'paid, (hall fo authorize to receive fuch money as aforefaid, (hall be a difcharge the fufficient difcharge to fuch receiver or receivers-general of the receivers ge-land tax for the (everal fums of money fo by him or them paid. ncraI#

IV. And be it enaded. That the clerk of each regiment or The regimen* battalion of militia (hall forthwith, after the receipt of luch fums ^J.and ba£ of tnoney as aforefaid, pay, or caufe to be paid, one calendar  *n

month’s pay in^ advance to the adjutant of fuch raiment or advance one battalion reipedively, and to the captain or commanding officer month's pay of jeach company belonging to fuch regiment or battalion twoto thc a°Ju" months pay in advance for the feijeants, drummers, and the JjJjJd \ montbs contingent expences of his refpedive company ; out of which pay to each faid contingent money each captain (hall pay to the command- captain, for irig officer of each regiment or battalion one penny a month ftricants» for each private man and drummer, for the defraying the ex*- andcontm-pences of the hofpital; and alfo to the commanding officer of gent expences the company to which the ferieant-major and drum-major (hall of the faid belong, two months pay in advance for fuch ferjeant and. drum- company; major 5 and fo from time to time fo long as any money on that account (hall remain in his hands: which pay every luch cap-  p^r

tain or commanding officer is hereby required to diftribute to month out of each perfon belonging to his company, by this aft intituled tothc contin-receive the fame, as it (hall become due; and (hall, once inf^^}°ncy* every year, give in to the clerk of the regiment or battalion to charges of which luch company (hall belong, or, if captain of an indepen- the Hofpital | dent company, to tne receiver-general, an account of the leve- and for the ral payments he (hall have made in purfuancc of this act, ac- ^rujT^ cording to the following form:  major 5 to be

paid to the

commanding officer of the company to which they belong * captains to diftribute the pay accordingly; and account for the fame yearly to the clerk or receiver general, if an in* dependent company, according to the following form *

S 3  County

v^ooQle

Anno tertio GboroiI III. c.jo.

Cr7^S*

*6z

County of Dr.

To calh received of Mr.^ regimental or battalion clerk, or re- i ceiver-general, as th* cafe /ball be, for two 1 months pay in advance;

Per Contra

Cr.

t for from the  /

the of  C

\ajor (if 7

Pany) J tor -! :he I

.o,_i

l the f

} \

£■

Paid ferjeant for days pay from of to the following Ditto as ferjeant-major (if one in the company)

Paid ferjeant for days pay from the of to the following -Paid drummer days at 6 d. from of to the following -Ditto as drum-major (if?

one in the company) J Paid drummer days from the of to the of following Two months contigen-cies for  men  and

two drummers at 6 d.

»nd pay back  *r  month each-------

monies in his And (halt pay back ter the faid clerk, or to the receiver-general, hands, except as the cafe thall be, the furplus (if any) of the money by him the contm- from time to time received, and then remaining in his hands pe^Vhicbis (excePt the money by this ad allowed for contingent expences) to be account- which (Hall once in every year be accounted for by the captain *d for, of each company refpe&ively, in manner aforefoid, and the b»-and applied to lance thereof (hall be by him paid into the hands of the derk of fife of there- ^ regiment or battalion to which fuch company (hall belong, gime.iT, See. to be applied to the general ufe of the faid regiment or beft-Captains of talion, as the field officers and captains thereof, or the grafter independent paft of them, (hall dired; and the captain of each independent Stftnbute^he cotnPany ls hereby required to diftribute to each perfon belong-pay to their ing to his company intitule^ thereto, fuch money as he (hall men, and ap- receive by virtue of this ad j and the faid money allowed for the ply the mo- contingent expences of each independent company of militia, fo7continKent ** refpe&ivety applied to the particular ufe qt fuch inde-rxpences; pendent company, by the captain thereof.

Clerk tore- V. And be it enacted, That the faid regimental or battalion tain money in clerk, may, and (hall retain to his own ufe out of the money fo his hands for by him received, fuch further fums as (hajl complete the allow-and Xfchar^e a^ce herein before made for his falary; and fuch regimental or the cloatfong6 battalion clerk (hall pay to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall pro-piU?. ’ duce an order from the commanding officer of fuch regiment or battalion, fuch fums of money as (hall be due and owing for or on account of the cloathing of the faid regiments or battalions, not exceeding the rates herein before mentioned.

VI. And be it further ena&ed, That when ever his Majefty** lieutenant, or any three or more deputy lieutenants, of any SpuUesftiall county, riding, or place, (hall have fixed the days of exercife for

J  {he

When foe lord lieutenants Of

iAnno tertio Gkorgii III* c.io.

the militia* he or they (hall, as (bon as may be, certify the fame to the receiver-general of fuch countv, riding, or place, (pecify-ingthe number of man* and the number of days fuch men are to be abfent horn hqipc on, account of fuch exercife; and fuqh receiver-general is hereby required, within fourteen days after tha receipt of fuch certificate, to iffue and pay to the clerk of the (eventl regiments or battalions, or to the captains of the independent copqxmies, as the cafe (ball be, at the rate of three (hillings and 6* pence per day fqr each lieutenant, and of three (hillings pir day for oacheofign j and alfo at the rate of one (hilling per day for each private militia man, with the addition of fix pence per day for each corporal of the militia, £o to be called out to ex-Atcife, for the number of days fuch officers and men (hall be abfent fromthome on account of fuch exercife; and the faid regimental or battalion clerks are hereby required forthwith to pay to each captain of the (aid regiments or battalions, the proportion of pay belonging to their refce&ive companies.

who is to pay over the fame to the re/J>e£Uve

VII. And be it further emufted, That the captain of each company (hall make up an account of all monies received and paid by him on account of fuch exercife, according to the following form:

Canty of  Dr.

To cafe received of the regimental or battalion clerk, ©r receiver-general,oj the f iafgJbaU ie.tor days pay of  men

Per Cmdra Paid

Cr.

263

have fixed the days of exercife, they are to certify the fame to the receiver-general, fpecitying the number ot men, and days they feajl be ahfent from home; receiver-general to iflue thereupon pay fdt officers and men to the regimental clerk* See.

captains. Captains to make up their account according to the following form;

militia men*] days

Paid additional pay to corporals days

If.

d.

which account (hall be figned by the faid captain, and coun- to be figned terfigned by the commanding officer j and fuch captain (hall, by them, and within ten days after the time of fuch exercife, deliver fuch ac-count, and pay the balance, if there be any due, to the regi- landing of-xqental or battalion derk; or, if captain of an independent ficer,. company, to the receiver-general: and fuch accounts (hall be and delivered, allowed as fufficient vouchers in the palling of the accounts Qf Hunce^to the fuch receiver-general, as the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer. q\ct^ ° C or receiver-general. Accounts allowed fufficient vouchers.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enaded. That where any paring the regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia is or ^re (hall be embodied, and called out into a&ual fervice, and there- embodied, by the officers and private militia men are or (hall be intituled and called out to the fame pay, as the officers and private men in his Majefty’s into actual Other regiments of foot receive, all pay from the receiver or re- pay as ceivers-general of the land tax for the county, riding, or place, King's to which fuch regiment, battalion, or independent company of other forces, militia (hall belong, whether to the adjutants, ferjeants, private pay and milkia men, or others; and all money allowed as afarefeid for f^mThcre-the contingent cxpcnces of fiich regiment, battalion, or inde- ceivers-gene*

S 4  pendent  ral is to ceafe.

«<>4

*n<J the cjerks - of the fubdi-vifion meeting! upon

i jike order from one deputy lieutenant.

Orders to dif-cfyarge receivers general, {tegiineiital and battalion clerks to give Tecurity for paying and accountingfor the monies received by then* i

the bonds to be lodged with the receivers-gene-rklv a Ad put in fuit by them on nonperformance of the condition ;

v and thev are intituled thereupon to full coifs and charges, and 51 •/>«'*' cent, of the money recovered ; the refid ue to be accounted for to the auditor.

The regimental and battalion clerks, and captains of independent companies.

Anno tertio Georgii III. c. io.

Sendent company of militia; and alfo the allowance to the cfo If fiich regimerit or battalion; (hall, during fuch time of a tual fervice, arid until fuch regiment, battalion, or independe Company (hall be difembodied and returned home by order < their commanding officer's, ceafe and riot be paid. *

IX.  And be it enaefted, That the (aid reteiver or recoteil of the land tax fhall pay to the clerk of the general meeting his allowance, at the rate of five pounds five millings for eacBj meeting, upon his producing an order or orders for * ~ burpofe from his Majefty’s lieutenant, or from three A lieutenants aflembled at fome general meeting or meetings (hall alfo pay to each and every the clerks of the fiibdr meetings their fcveral allowances, at the rate of one pound oat (hilling for each meeting, upon his or their producing an order or orders from one or more deputy lieutenant, or deputy lieutenants afiembled in the feveral fubdivifion meetings; which faid order or orders (hall be to the faid receiver or receivervge-neral of the land tax, a fufbdent difcharge for the payment of (rich allowances, ai>dbe allowed in his or their account.

X.  Provided always, end be it enalted. That the clerk of each regiment or battalion of militia, (hall give fecurity to the receiver or receivers-general of the land tax, of the county, riding or place, to which fuch regiment or battalion (hall belong, by a bond tb his Majeftjf in the penalty of one half of the fum required fpr the whole year’s charge of the regiment or battalion} of militigL tp which fuch clerk- (hah belong, for duly anfwering and paying fuch fums as hie (hall, from time to time, have received, and for duly accounting for the fames and for performance of the truft hereby in ; him repofed $ which kid bond (hall be lodged in the hands of the receiver or receivdrs-general of the land tax, for the refpedfive county, riding or place, who in cafe the faid regimental or battalion clerk, (hall ndt duly perform the conditions comprifed in the faid bond, (hall, and is hereby required forthwith to put the faid bond'in fuit in the naipe of his Majefty, his heirs, and (riccefibrs; the foil cofts arid charges of which fait, in cafe judgment (hall be given ^gainft fuch regimental or battalion clerk, (hall be paid by him to the faid receiver or receivers general of the land tax, who fhall likewife be intituled to, ana receive to his or their own ufe, at the rate of five pounds per centum out of all fuch monies as" (hill be by him or them recovered thereon; and (hall account for the refidue thereof with the proper auditor of his Majefty’s revenue ; the faid receiver or receivers-general of the land tax charging himfelf or themfclves therewith, upon the next accAmt of the land tax to be by him or them pafled.

XI.  And be it ena<2ed, That the clerk of every regiment or battalion of militia, and the captain of every independent company of militia, in every county, riding, and place within the part of Great Britain a tore (aid, (hall, between the twenty-fifth day of Marche and the twenty-fourth day of June, one thaufend feveri hundred and fixty^ur, deliver to the receiver orrt-

ceivcrs

y£>3’] Anno tertio Georgii III. c.ro.

eivers-general of the land tax for the county, riding, or place, «re to deliver o which fuch ' regiment, battalion, or independent company “ «count*of hall bdong, a fair account in writing, of all monies by him and^dCburfe-'eccaved and difburfed for the fervice of the preceding year, in menu, purfuance of this aft, with proper vouchers for the fame; and pay over and (hall pay back to the laid receiver or receivers-general of the the balance land tax, any furplus of fuch monies that (hall then be ip his c^gencralV hands ? which faid accounts figned by fuch regimental or bat-who are to * talion clerk, or by fuch captain of an independent company tranfmit the refpcftively, (hall be tranfmitted by the faid receiver or receivers- a5cou“1t^ *"5®. general of the land tax, into the office of the proper auditor of ltort his Majefty’s revenue.  -

XII.  Provided always, and be it enacted. That all penalties. Recovery of all cofts and charges of fuit, and all fums of money tor which Pcnal**c,» ^ any perfon br perfons is or are by this aft made anfwerable,

may, and (hall be recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjier, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no efloin, wager at law, or protection, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

XIII.  Provided always, and be it enafted, That no fee or gra- No fee pay*,

tuky whatfoever, (hall be given or paid for or upon account ofblc any • any warrant or fum of money which (hall be raued in relation monev to, or in purfuance of, this aft.  *  iflued in pur!7

fuance of this aft.

XIV.  Provided always, and be it furtherenafted. That, any officers on

perfon being on half-pay, and ferving in the militia, (hall and"h^f.P*X,fcnr*

may, and he is hereby impowered to receive and take the fub-

fiftence money by this aft directed to be paid to lieutenants or receive’ the

enfigns; and the receiving and taking fuch fubfiftence-money fubfiftence

by any fuch lieutenant or enfign, (hall not be deemed a recdv- money paya-

mg or taking pay, fo as in any manner to prevent fuch perfonon

hdf-pay receiving his half-pay; and fuch perfon (hall take the

following oath before fome juftice of thie peace, who is hereby theyvtaking

Impowered to adminifter the fame;  the following

r  oath before

I A. B. do /wear, That I had not, between the  any  place

or employment of profit civil or military under his Majejly, befides 1 my allowance of half-pay as a reduced  in  late

regiment of  fave  and  except  my  fubfiftence as a lieutenant or

enfign, as the cafe may be, for ferving in the militia of the county

•f ' '

and th? taking the faid oath (hall be fufficient to intitle fuch perfon to receive his half-pay, without taking any other oath; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XV.  And whereas by an aft palled in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled. An aft to explain, amend, and reduce into one oft of parliament., the feveral laws in being, relating to theraifing and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England ; it is enafted. That his Jdajefty’s lieutenant of every county, riding, and place, together with any two or more deputy

lieutenants.

o66

Lord lieutenant to ap~

point, on or before 30 April, the times and places of ex-ercife 5

and on his default, three deputy lieute* nants may ap*

point the same*

V

Anno tertio G&okqu IIL c.ti. [1763;

lieutenants, and on the death 01 removal, or, in the absence of his Majefty’s lieutenant, any three or more deputy lieutenants, lhall meet annually on the laft Tuefday. in May, or on the laft Tuefday in OClober, as they (hall think, mod convenient for the due execution of this ad, and at a general meeting (hall appoint the time and place, or times and places, for the training amt exercifing of the militia: and whereas, the appointing the time and place, or times and places, for training and exercifing the militia at fuch general meetings fo fixed as afordaid, may be found inconvenient in the year one thoufand (even hundred and fixty three ; be it therefore further ena&cd, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for his Majefty’s lieutenant of every county, riding and place, on or before the thirtieth day or April next, to appoint the time and place, or times and paces, for training and exercifing* the militia in the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty three y and in cafe any fuch lieutenant fhall not appoint the time and place, or tames and places, fet training and exercifing the militia on or before the faid thirtieth day of April, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any three a* more deputy lieutenants of any fuch county, riding, or place, to appoint the time and place, or times and places, for the training and exercifing the militia in the year one thoufand (even hundred and fixty three*

Preamble

CAP. XI.

4n alt for explaining and amending an a8 made in the thirty* firfi year of the reign ef his late majefiy King George the Second, intituled. An aft for the due making of . bread; and to regulate the price and affize* thereof 3 and to tranifh perrons who fhall adulterate meal, flour, or bread.

WHEREAS the Jlatute made in the thirty-frfi year of the reign of his late majefiy King George the Second, intituled,, An ad for the due making of bread, ana to regulate the price and affize thereof; and to punifh perfons who fhall adultents meal, flour, or bread; is deficient in feveral of theproviftens thereby made, when an affize of bread is not fet purjuaut to the directions of the faid a£t: For remedy wherein, and in order that makers of bread for fale, and the tellers thereof, may in all places, although the affize of bread (hall at any time not be fet, be under due regulations; be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and ednferit of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three, although no affize of bread (ball be fet in purfuance of the faid aft, no loaf or loaves of bread, called or deemed affize to be made at loaf or loaves in the tables of the alfize and price of bread in the fame time the faid a6t enaded and referred to, and the weight of which Sace famC varies according to the variation in the price of grain, fhall be v  wad#

After:

er 1 M^y, i, no af-ilzea and prized bread

1763J  A*™0  tcr6°  Georgii  III.  c.  i  r.

rtf

made for bit, fold, or carried out for bit, or be offered or e** pofed to or for {ale, or be allowed to be fold in any place, where any loaf or loaves of the bread called or deemed prized loaf or loaves in the (aid tables of the aflize and price of bread, in and by the faid a£fc enadted and referred to, and the price of which varies according to the variation in the price of grain, (hall at the feme timebe made for (ale, or be allowed to be fold; that viz* is to fey, no aflize loaves of the price of three pence, and prized loaves called half quartern haves, nor aflize loaves of the pricei of fix pence, arid prized loaves called quartern loaves, nqr loaves of the price of twelve pence, and prized loaves called half peck loaves, nor aflize loaves of the price of eighteen pence* and prized loaves called peck loaves, (hall, at the feme time, irk any place be made for, fale, fold, or Carried out for fale, prbft offered or expofed to or for fale,, or allpwcd to be fold; that no* wiry pefcfona may not in any wife be impofed on, and prejudiced by buying aflize loaves refereed to in the faid tables, a* or for prized loaves referred to.in the faid tables, or by buying finch prized loaves as or for fuch aflize loaves $ ana

perfon who (haU offend in the premifies, and be convidl_________

any fuch offencein manner hereafter fpecified, (hull, for every fedrpffence, forfeit and pay a fum not exceeding forty (hillings* lQU par lefs than ten (killings, as the juftice ov juftices before whom any fuch offender or offenders (hall be coovidted, (haU, front time to time, adjudge.

II. And be it further enadted by the authority afortfaid. That front and after the faid firft <Uy of May, one thoufend fevenJuftice*,at any hundred and fixty-three, although no aflize of. bread (hall ber£cnera,'<l“ar* fst purfuant to the directions of the laid adl, the juftiqeS of the; peace of every county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, appoint which and place, (hall and may, at any general or quarter feflion of of the fort^of the peace which (hall be held withm their relpedtive counties, alfizcorprizcd tfivifions, cities, towns, liberties, or jurifdidtions, or at any oavc,> petty feflion which (hall be held by any fuch juftices within their refpedtive jurifdiaions, from time to time, afcprtajn and appoint (as often as they fball think proper) for all or any part of their refpedtive jurifdidtions, which of the forts of aflize or prized and what loaves (hall be allowed from time to time to be made and fold within their relpedtive jurifididtions; and alfo what other forts of bread, and of what fort and forts of grain, (hall be allowed (hall fe made to be made and fold within their refpedtive jurifdidtions, or for falei they within any part thereof; and every order which (hall be fo from caofiog an cn* time to time made in or touching the premifles by any fuch  l5ade

juftices, (hall be entered in a book to be providedand kept for ^ich is'to^ that purpofe by fuch juftices, and which book (hall and may be free for inlpec-infpedted by the makers of bread for fale, within the refpedtive tioa j jurifduftion of any fuch juftices, at all feafonable times in the <hy time, and without paying any fee or reward in refpedt thereof y and after the making every fuch order by any foch ju- anj t copy ftiecs, the juftices who (hall make the feme (hall; with all qon- thereof to bs venient fpeed, caufe a copy of every fuch order to be affixed or put up in fome market or other public town within the divifion

or

2t>8

Anno tertio Qeorgii III. c. 11.

r^vi

fet up in Come or part of the county, riding, liberty, rape, wapentake, atyj °r . town, or place, in which fuch order is to be obferved and take

,  **  rilom • nr plfn aunni fnrK niftiriic within thnir rAfnnAiv* inriL

place,

or publifhed

rPl

ithi

Eept be tween the white and wh eaten

and houfhold aflize bread j TO.

place: or elfe every fuch juftices, within their refpedive jurif-didions, (hall caufe a copy of every fuch order to be, with all convenient fpeed after the making thereof refpedively, inferted in fome public news paper which (hall be publi(hed in the county, in the country riding; divifion, liberty, rape, wapentake, city, town, or place, newspapers. Qr fomc part thereof, in which every fuch order refpedivdy is to be obferved and take place.

The only forts ' III* Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority a-of afllze bread forefaid. That no juftices, within their refpedive jurifdidaon, m*dc ... (hall at any time allow the making for fale, or felling, any forts (halTbe allow- a®zc bread made of the flour or meal of wheat, other than ed.  and befldes wheaten and houfhold bread, and loaves of white

btead of the price of two pence or under.

Alike propor- - IV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefeid. That don, as to from and after the faid firft day of May^ one thoufand feven bTfept be-° hundred and fixty-three, although the affize of bread (hall not be fet purfuant to the faid ad, every maker of bread for (ale (hall obferve and keep the fame or like proportion between white and wheaten bread, and wheaten and houfhold aflize bread, as wheaten ^ wcight, as is mentioned or intended, enaded and refilled to in die faid aflize tables; that is to fay, every white loaf of the price of two pence, or under, (hall always weigh three parts in four of the weight of the wheaten loaf of the like price, Is near as may be; and every wheaten aflize loaf of bread, of whatfoever price the fame (hall be, (hall always weigh three parts in four of the weight of every houfhold aflize loaf of bread of the like price as near as may be; and that apery houfhold afliza loaf of bread, of whatever price the fame (hall be, (hall always weigh one third part more than every wheaten af-;  fize loaf of the like price as near as may be; and every perfon

who (hall make for fale, fell, offer, or expofe to or for fade, or have in his or her cuftody for fale, any loaf of white, wheaten. Or houfhold bread, in which the faid proportions or regulations (hall not be obferved and kept, as near as may be, mall, on onpenafty of being convided of any fuch offence in manner herein after-forfeiting, not mentioned, forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, a fum not cxeee ing+os. cxcecdjng f0Pty (hillings, as the juftice or juftices before whom any fuch offender or offenders mall be convided, (hall, from time to time, adjudge.

A proportion V. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That fo^P^hfrom and after the faid firft day of Afay, one thoufand feven the pedc*loaf hundred and fixty-three, although the affize of bread (hall not and naif peck) be fet purfuant to the faid ad, every peck, half peck, quarter of and its other a peck, and half quarter of a peck loaf, made for fale, of the meal or flour of wheat, and called wheaten bread, (hall always be fold in proportion to each other refoedively, as to price; and that every peck, half peck, quarter of a peck, and half quarter of a peck loaf, made for (ale, of the meal or flour of wheat,

Aibdiviflons, both in the wheaten, and ill houfhold bread j

and the houf- and called btujbtld bread, (hall always he fold in proportion to

each

1763.] Anno tertio Georoii III. c.ii.  *269

each other, and for one fourth lefs in price than the loaf made hold is to be

forfale with the meal or flour of wheat, called wbeaten bread, of°£c

the fame denomination 5 and every perfon who {hall in any

wife offend in the premiffes, (hall for every loaf of either the  9

faid wheaten or houfhold bread which {hall be fold by him or

her, or offered or expofed to or for fale, or found in his or her

cuftodyfor fale, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this

aft, forfeit and pay a fum not exceeding forty {hillings, nor lefs ^ Density of

than ten (hillings, as the juftice or juftices before whom any J^e^ng^

fuch offender or offenders (hall be convidted, (hall, from time nor lefs than

to time, adjudge.  xos.

VI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That The weight from and after the faid firft day of May, one thoufand feventh* hundred and fixty-three, although the affize of bread (hall not ^rc lt^ be fet purfuant to the faid recited adt, the feveral loaves herein weigh,*in eve-after mentioned of every fort of bread which (hall be made for ry fort of fale, {hall always weigh in averdupois weight as follows ; that is to fay, every peck loaf, feventeen pounds fix ounces ; every for ^je c half peck loaf, eight pounds eleven ounces; every quarter of a viz, * peck loaf, four pounds five ounces, and one halt ounce; and every half quarter of a peck loaf, two pounds two ounces and three quarters of one ounce: and every perfon who (hall make for fale, or offer or expofe to or for fale, or have in his or her poflefiion for fale, any peck, half peck, quarter of a peck, or half quarter of a peek loaf, in any wife deficient of the due weight the fame ought to be as aforefaid, (hall, on being con- on forfeiture vifted of any fuch offence in manner herein after mentioned, not exceeding forfeit and pay a fum not exceeding five (hillings, nor lefs than ^el* one (hilling, for cveij ounce of every loaf of fuch bread, which every ounce (hall at any time be found wanting, or deficient of or in the wanting in the due weight the feme ought to be ‘as aforefaid 5 and for every weight * fuch loaf of bread which (hall be found wanting lels than one ounce of the due weight the fame ought to be as aforefaid, a nor exceeding fum not exceeding two (hillings and fix pence, nor lefs than**-*d. nor fix pence, as any juftice or juftices before whom any fuch loaf|?J? ^a^cr of bread, which (hall not be of the due weight the lame ought, oz# to be as aforefaid, (hall adjudge; fo as all fuch bread which the fame to be (hall be complained of, as wanting at any time of the due weighed be-weight the fame ought to be in any city, town corporate, bo- fcrea juftice, rough, liberty, or franchife, or the jurifdiftion thereof, or hounTafter within the weekly bills of mortality, (hall, from time to time, being baked, be brought before feme juftice or juftices, having jurifdidtion fold, or expo-in the premifles, and (hall be weighed before fuch iuftice or fed to fale, &c. juftices within twenty-four hours after the fame (hall have been baked, fold, or expofed to or for fale, or found in any perfon’s corporate, ire. cuftody for fale; and fo as all fuch bread which (hall be com- or within’the plained of as wanting at any time in the due weight the fame bill* of mor-ought to be as aforefaid, m any hundred, riding, divifion, rape, * Qther wapentake, or other place out of any city, town corporate, bo- places, within rough, liberty, or franchife, or the jurifdiftion thereof, or out j day* 1 of the weekly bills of mortality* (hall from time to time, be 6  brought

a70  Anno tertio Georgii III. an, [1765,

brought before feme juftice or juftices of fuch hundred, riding, divifian, liberty, rape or wapentake, or other place, and (haS be weighed before fuch juftice or juftices within three days after the fame {hall have been baked, offered, or e^pofad to or for nnkfifuchde- fide, or found in any perfon’s cuftody for fale; unlefe it (had fidency (hall be made out to the iatisfa&ion of any fuch juftice or juftices

tS **coMintcd  any  fuch bread (hall be brought, by or on the be-

^yaccoun jjjjf the party or parties againft whom any fuch complaint

or information (hall be made, that fuch deficiency in weight wholly arofe fromibme unavoidable accident in baking or other-wife, or was occafioned by or through fome contrivance or con* fcderacy.

Bread of an m-  VIL Andbe it further ena Aed by the authority aforefaid, That

fierior quality after the laid firft day af May, one thoufand feven hundred and ^wheaten, fixty-three, although an afliie of bread/hall not be fetpurfuant ata higher* * t0 ™ fa*d a^» no pcrfon (hall fell, or offer, or expofe to or for price than the fale, or have in his or her cuftody any bread of an inferior qua-houfhold i lity to wbeaten bread, .with intent to fell the fame at an higher price thin houfhold bread (hall at the fame time fell for in the place where any bread of fuch inferior quality (hall be fold, or ^offered to or for fale, or befound for (ale in any perfon’s cufto-©n forfeiture, > uP°n P^n that every one who (hall offend in the premifles, not exceedingUiall, for every fuch offence, on being thereof convi&ed in »os.  manner herein after mentioned, forfeit and pay not exceeding

the fum of twenty (hillings, as the juftice or juftices before whom any fuch offender or offenders (hall be convicted, (hall, from time to time, adjudge.

A large R#- VIII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefiud, nan (W) to That from and after the (aid firft aay of May, one thoufand he imprinted feven hundred and fixty-three, although the affize of bread on all wheat- (hall not be fet purfuant to the faid a<5t, all perfons who (hall forfiSe m -makc for fale, fell, offer or expofe to or for fale, or have in his • or her cuftody for fale, any of the faid wheaten or houthokl bread, {hall, from time to time, caufe to be imprinted on every refpeftive loaf thereof, as followeth ; that is to fey, on evciy loaf of the faid wheaten bread, a large Roman (W), and on and a large eveiy loaf of the faid houfhold bread, a large Roman (H): (H)011 And if any perfon after the faid firft day of May, one thoufand brad*0**1 feven hundred and fixty-three, (ball make for fale, fell, offer * or expofe to or for fale, or have in his or her cuftody for fale* any loaf of the faid wheaten or houfhold bread, which (hall not be marked as hereby is dire&ed, fo as the fame may, on the view thereof, be afeertained under what denomination or fort of bread every fuch loaf was and ought to be weighed (except as to fuch loaves which (hall be rafped after the befpeaking or pur-chafing thereof, by the particular defire of the perfon who (hall order the fame to be fo rafped for his or her own ufe) he or Ihe who (hall fo offend in the premifles, and (hall be thereof on penalty of conviAed in manner herein after mentioned, (hall, for evety forfeiting not loaf of fuch bread not marked as hereby is direAed, which (hall exceeding 40s* be found in his or her cuftody, forfeit and pay a. fum not exceeding

v^ooQle

1763.]' Anno tcrtio<?EORGll III. C.ir.  B71

ing forty /hillings, nor lefs than ten (hillings, a9 the juftice or nor left than juftices before whom any foch offender or offenders (hall be con- 10 *• vidted, (hall from time to time adjudge ; unlefs it (hall be made anieft fuch out to the fatisfadtion of fuch juftice or juftices, by or on the P"*'®?® behalf of the party or parties againft whom any fuch complaint or J-j Lxouated information (hall be made, that the not marking or not duly for. marking thereof- wholly arofe from feme unavoidable accident m baking, or otherwife, or wasoccafioned by or through fome contrivance or confederacy.

IX.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. Bread made of That from and after the faid firft day of May, one thoufand fe- any.other ven hundred and fatty-three, although the aflize of bread (hall not be fet purfuant to the directions of the faid aft,' every loaf impeded with of every fort of bread made of the meal or flour of any other fuch letters as fort of grain than wheat, which (hall be made for (ale, or be |hejuftice» fold, carried out, offered, or expofed, in any wife, to or for ““ oraer 1 (ale, (hall be marked with feme fignificant and diftindt letter or letters, not more than two thereon refpedtively, as the juftices of any county, riding, divifion, liberty, city, town, or place, at any general or quarter feffion of the peace which (hall be holden within their refpedtive counties, ridings, divifions, liberties, cities, towns, or places, within their relpedtive jurifdidtions, or at any petty feflion which (hall be held by any fuch juftices within their refpedtive jurifdidtions, (hall from time to time, for their refpedtive counties, ridings, divhions, liberties, rapes, wapentakes, cities, towns, or places, or any part thereof, or- they eaufing der or diredt; and every which order (hall, with all convenient “ *ntrX (peed after the making thereof, be entered in fome book to be 0 JJich for that purpofe provided and kept by fuch juftices, and where- i, to be free for utato any maker of bread for fale redding within any fuch county, infpedtion) divifion, liberty, rape, wapentake, city, town, or place, (hall be at liberty to refort at feafonable times in the day-time, and to perufe every fuch order without bring fubjedt or liable to pay any fee or reward in refpedt thereof j and fuch juftices as afore- an(1 a co„ laid (hall, with all convenient fpeed after the making any fuch thereof to be order as aforefaid, caufe a copy thereof to be affixed or put up fee up in fome in fome market or other public town within the divifion or m*rket’°f part of the county, ridiifg, liberty or place, in which fuch or- pub“c* der as aforefaid is to be obferved or take place, or in fome pub- p * lick place in every city, town, or place, where fuch order is to be obferved or take place ; or otherwife fuch juftices, within orpublUbedin their refpedtive jurifdidtions, (hall caufe a copy of every fuch the country their refpedtive order, with all convenient fpeed after the making newt paper** thereof, to be inferted in fome publick news paper which (hall be ufually publilhed in the county, riding, divifion, liberty, rape, wapentake, city, town, or place, or fome part thereof, in which fuch order as aforefaid is to be obferved or take place; and if the juftices, as aforefaid (hall at any time, in any place, where the negledt or omit to make any order, from time to time, with juftices ne-what letter or letters fuch bread which (hall be made for fale, gle&tomake of the meal or flour of any other fort of grain than wheat, *uch order,

(hall

Digitized

■ 

2j%  Anno  tertlo Georgii III. c. i t. [1763.

the maker is (hall be marked, then the maker of all fudi bread for fale (hall, f° 7^kfCVCry m cveiT P^ace where no fuch order (hall be made or be in force, iyith i diftintt ^au^e every loaf of fuch bread he or (he. (hall make, or caufc capital letters} to be made, for fale, dr (hall fell, or offer or expofe to or for fale, to be refpe&ively marked with any two diftindt capital letters as he or me (hall think fit; and every perfon who, after the faid firft day of Mayy one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three, (hall make for fale, fell, offer, or expofe to or for fale, or have in his or her cuftody, for fale, any loaf of any fuch fort of bread which (hall be made with the mod or flour of any other fort of grain than wheat, which (hall not be marked as herein before is dire&ed, fo as that the fame may, on view thereof, be afeertained under what denomination every fuch loaf was made (except fuch loaves thereof which (hall be rafped after the befpeakingor purchafing thereof, by the particular defire of onpenalty of the perfon who (hall order the fame to be rafped for his or her cxwedh? n°s own u^e) for every time he, the, or they, (hall fo offend, nor lefs tfari*' *n premiffes, and be thereof convi&ed in manner herein 5 s. for every after directed, forfeit and pay a fum not exceeding forty (hillings, fuch unmark- nor lefs than five (hillings, for every loaf of fuch bread which ed loaf. (hall not  as  herein before is firft directed, as the

juftice or juftices before whom any fuch offender (hall be convicted (hall, from time to time, adjudge.

X.  And to the end the good defign of this ftatute may be more effectually accompliftied; be it further enaCted by the Juftices, authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid firft day of Mayy one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three, it (hall and may be lawful for any juftice or juftices within the limits of their refpeCtive jurifdiCtions, although the affize of bread (hall not be there fet according to the faid herein before in part re-and peace of- c*te<*a& > an(* a^° f°r any Pcace officer or officers authorized by ficers (autho- warrant under the hand and feal, or hands and feals, of any rizedbywar- fuch juftice or juftices (and which warrant any fuch juftice or nnt of a ju- juftices is and are hereby empowered to grant within their re* may enter the fpe^ive jurifdiCtions) to enter into any houfe, (hop, ftall, bake-houfes of houfe, warehoufe, or outhoufe or other place, of or belonging bakers, and to any baker or feller of bread, and to fearch, view, weigh, fejjnjh for, ex- examine, and try, all or any bread vyfcich (hall be there found; •mm* an anc[ to vjeN^ weigh, and try, all bread made for fale, which at any time (hall be offered or expofed to or for fale, or found in any one's cuftody for fale, in ar;y wife howfoever, within the refpeCtive jurifdiCtion of any fuch juftice or juftices: and if any loaf or loaves of bread of any denomination, (hall, on any fearch, view, weighing, trial, or examination thereof, by any juftice or juftices, or on any complaint made to, or information given before, any juftice or juftices, and proved by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, be found to be deficient in the due weight the fame ought to be, or not to be marked according to the directions and intent of this ad, or to be deficient in the due baking or working thereof, or to be wanting in the goodnefe of the fluff whereof or wherewith an£

amine, and weigh all bread made for, or expo fed to fale, &c.

and bread

found defective in the weight, or nor duly irnrked, or wanting in due baking.

v^.ooQle

J763O Anno tertio Georgii III. c. 11.  273

fuch loaf (hall have been made or to have been made with any or goodnefs, mixture of meal or flour of any other fort of grain than of the grain SalJStly pfixt* the fame (hall import to be made with, or to be made with any %Cm y 9 larger or other proportion of any other or different fort or forts of grain, or the meal or flour thereof, than what ought to be put therein, or to be made with any mixture or ingredient which by the (aid in part recited ad ought not to be put therein j or to be made with any thing as or for or in lieu of flour which (hall not really be the genuine flour the fame (hall import to be and ought to be, or that any fuch bread (hall be made with any leaven not allowed by the faid in part recited ad to be ufed in making bread; then, and in every or any of the faid cafes, every juftice and juftices, peace officer and officers as aforefaid, is and are hereby refpedively, within the limits of their feve-ral jurifdidions, impowered and required by the authority of nw be felfced, this ad, to feize every loaf of fuch bread, and to difpofe there- 8lven to of to poor perfons, as fuch juftice or juftices in his or their dif- c poor' cretion (hall, from time to time, within their refpedive jurifdidions, think fit; unlefs it (hall be made out to the fatisfac-* uulefs fuch tion of any fuch juftice or juftices, by or on the behalf of the  .

party or parties againft whom any fuch complaint or inform iyCaJ;comued " mation as aforefaid (hall be made, that the default found or for. complained of wholly arofe from fome unavoidable accident, or was occafioned by or through fome contrivance or confederacy ; and every maker and feller of bread refpedively as aforeiaid, whofe bread (hall at any time be found before any juftice or juftices wanting in the goodnefs of the ftuff, whereof or wherewith the fame mould have been made, or to be made with any mixture of meal or flour of any other fort of grain than of the grain the fame (hall import to be made with, or to be made with any larger or other proportion of any other or different fort or forts of grain, or the meal or flour thereof, than what ought to be put therein, or to be made with any mixture , or ingredient not allowed by the faid in part recited ad to be put therein, or to be made with any thing as for or in lieu of flour, which (hall not really be the genuine flour the fame (hall import to be and ought to be, or to be made with any leaven , not allowed by the faid in part recited ad to be ufed in making and feller Cr fuch bread, mall, for every fuch offence, on being convided fhall alfo tbr-thereof in manner herein after mentioned, alfo forfeit and pay tcitnotex-a fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than twenty fhillings,ceding 5I nor as the juftice or juftices before whom any fuch offender or of- everyth fenders (hall be convided, (hall, from time to time, adjudge, offence? unlefs the default found or complained of, (hall be made out"to unlefs th-de-the fatisfadion of any fuch juftice or juftices by or on the be- fault (hall he half of the party or parties againft whom fuch complaint or in- aTcoum-d tor. formation as aforefaid (hall be made, to have wholly arofe from 3 fome unavoidable accident, or to have been occanoned by or through fome contrivance or confederacy.

XI.  And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That from and after the faid firft day of May> one thoufand fe-Vol. XXV.  T  ven

274

Penalty of op-pofing any legal fearch, view, weighing, trying, or feizing of bread, is not to exceed 40 s. nor be lefs than 20 s.

No miller, mealman, or baker, may a& as a juftice in the execution of this a&, on penalty of 501.

Baker making it appear, that any offence for which he (hall have paid the .penalty, was occafioned by the negledf or default of his fervant:

iuftice to ifiue is warrant out for bringing the offender before him;

and on conviction.

Anno tertio Georgii III. c. 111  £1763.

ven hundred and fixty three, although the affife of bread fliall not be let according td the faid in part recited ad, if any perfon or perfons (hall wilfully obftrud, hinder, refill, or in any wife oppofe any fearch, view, weighing, trying, or feizing or, any loaf or loaves of bread, authorized by this ad to be made or tried, he, Ihe, or they, who lhall fo offend in the premifies, lhall, for every fuch offence, on being convided thereof in manner herein after mentioned, forfeit and pay fuch fum of mo* ney not exceeding forty Ihillings, nor lefs than twenty (hillings, as the juftice or juftices before whom any fuch offender or offenders lhall be convided, lhall, from time to time, adjudge.

XII.  Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon who lhall follow, or be concerned in the bufinefs of a miller, mealman, or baker, (hall be capable of ading, or (hall be allowed to ad as a juftice of the peace under this ad, or in putting in execution any of the powers in or by this ad granted$ ana if any miller, mealman* or baker, lhall prefume fo to do, he or they fo offending in the pre-miffes, lhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds, to any perfon or perfons who will inform or fue for the fame; to be recovored in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at JVe/iminJler, by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoin, wager of law, or more than one imparlance lhall be allowed, or by way of fummaiy complaint, before the court of feflion in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

XIII.  Provided always, and be it alfo enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon who lhall carry on or follow the trade of a baker, lhall at any time after the laid firll day of May% one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three, make complaint to any jullice or juftices of the peace within his or their jurifdidion, and make appear to him or them by the oath of any credible witnefs, that any offence which any fuch perfon who lhall fo carry on, or follow the faid trade of a baker, lhall have been charged with, and lhall have incurred and paid any penalty under this ad, lhall have been occafioned by or through the wilful negled or default of any journeyman or other fervant employed by or under any fuch perfon, who lhall fo follow or carry on the faid trade of a baker ; then, and in any fuch cafe, every fuch jullice and juftices may, and is and are hereby required to iffue out his or their warrant under his or their respective hand and feal, or hands and feals, for bringing any fuch journeyman or fervant before any fuch juftice or juftices, or any juftice of the county, city, riding, divifion, or place, where the offender can be found; and on any fuch journeyman or fervant being thereupon apprehended, and brought before any fuch jullice or juftices, he or they, within their refpedive junfdidions, is and are hereby authorized and required to examine into the matter of fuch complaint; and on proof thereof being made upon oath to the fatisfa&ion of any fuch juftice Or juftices who lhall hear fuch.faid complaint, fuch juftice and juftices is

and

J763/] Anno tertlo Georgi! III. c.11;  475

and are hereby directed and authorized by any order under hie or their refpeftive hand or hands, to adjudge and order what order a Aim to reafonable fum of money (hall be paid by every fuch journey- be paid by man or fervant to his mailer or miftrefs, as or by way of rccom-pence to him or her for the money he or (he (hall have paid, by faftl0n * reafon of the wilful negleft or default of any fuch journeyman or fervant; and if any fuch journeyman or fervant (hall negleft or and on non-refufe on his conviftion, to make immediate payment of the payment fum of money which any fuch juftice or juftices (hall order to be ^creo^ paid, by reaion of fuch faid wilful neglect or default, then any fuch jufticeand juftices within their refpeftive jurifdiftions, is and are hereby authorized and required by warrant under his hand and feal, or their hands and feals, to caufe every fuch journey- i8 to commit man or fervant to be apprehended and committed to the houfe fuch fervant tp of correction, or fome other prifon of the county, riding, divi- labour, fion, city, town, liberty, or place, in which any fuch journey- ^ ^ceSug man or fervant (hall be apprehended, and there to be kept to one month $ hard labour, for any time not exceeding one calendar month from the time of fuch commitment, as fuch juftice or juftices lhall order, unlefs payment (hall be made of the money ordered unlefs pay-to be paid after fuch commitment, and before the expiration of racnt J* &*** the (aid calendar month.  cr madC*

XIV. And for the better and more easy recovery of the fe-veral penalties and forfeitures to be incurred by difobedienee to this aft and the powers herein contained, be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to Juftice* to beaf and for the juftices of the peace, or any one of them, within “jd determine their refpeftive counties, ridings, divifions, cities, towns cor-porate, boroughs, liberties, or jurifdiftions, to hear and deter- ,^ a luminary mine, in a (ummary way, all offences committed againft the way. true intent and meaning of this aft ; and, for that purpofe, to fummon before them, or any of them, within their refpeftive jurifdiftions, any party or parties accufed of being an offender or offenders againft the true intent and meaning of this aft; and in cafe the party accufed (hall not appear on fuch fummons, or offer fome reafonable excufe for his default, then upon oath of any credible witnefs of any offence committed contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft, any fuch juftice or juftices lhall iffue his or their warrant or warrants for apprehending the offender or offenders within the jurifdiftion of any fuch juftice or juftices; and upon the appearance of the party or parties accufed, or, in cafe he, (he, or they, lhall not appear, on notice being given to, or left for, him, her, or them, at his, her, or their luual place of abode, or if he, (he, or they, cannot be apprehended, on a warrant granted againft him, her, or them, as herein before is direfted; then, and in any fuch cafe, any fuch juftice or juftices is and are hereby authorized and required to proceed to make enquiry touching the matters complained of, and to examine any witnefc or witneffes who lhall be offered on either fide, on oath as aforefaid, and which oath every fuch juftice and juftices is and are hereby authorized, impowered, and

T 2  re^

27 6  AnnotcrtioGEORGiiIILc.il.  [*763-

required to adminifter; and after hearing of the parties who (hall appear, and the witneffes who (hall be offered on either fide, fuch juftice or juftices (hall conviCt or acquit the party or and the penal- Part^cs accufed : and if the penalty or money forfeited on any ties to be paid fuch conviction (hall not be paid within the (pace of twenty-four within 24  hours after any fuch conviction, every fuch juftice or juftices (hall

hours after thereupon iflue a warrant or warrants under his hand and feal, or or^obe^evied t*ic^r hands and feals refpeCtively, directed to any peace officer by diftrefs and or officers within their refpeCtivejurifdiCtions, and thereby relate.  quire him or them to make diftrefs of the goods or chattels of

the offender or offenders within fuch their refpeCtive jurifactions, to fatisfy fuch penalty or money forfeited, and the cofts Warrant of  Pr°fecution  and  diftreis  :  and if any offender (hall convey

diftrefs may away his or her goods out of the jurifdiCtion of any fuch juftice be backed. or juftices before whom he or (he was convicted, or fo much thereof that the penalty or money forfeited cannot be levied, then fome juftice within whofe jurifdiCtion the offender (hall have removed his or her goods, (hall back the warrant granted by any juftice or juftices as afbrefaid, and thereupon the penalty forfeited (hall be levied on the offender's goods and chattels, Diftrefs to be by diftrefs and fale thereof; and if within five days from the difold within 5 ftrefs beinjg taken, the penalty or money forfeited and cofts as a-day* i  forefaid, (nail not be paid, tne goods leized or taken (hall be

appraifed and fold, tendering the overplus (if any) after deduc-and all charges ting the penalty or forfeiture, and the cofts and charges of the to be deducted profecution, diftrefs and fale, to the owner or owners thereof; thereout.  which charges (hall be afeertained by the juftice or juftices before

whom any fuch offender or offenders (hall have been fo convicted, or by the juftice who backed the warrant (if either of them (hall continue alive) and if not, by fome other juftice of the county, For want of riding, divifion, city, or place, in which the offender (hall have fiifficient di- been convicted, on application for that purpofe to be made to (hc^s» the of- any fuch juftice ; and for want of fuch diftrefs, then every fuch committedC ju^ce wi*hin whofe refpeCtive jurifdiCtion any fuch offender or offenders (hall refide or be, (hall, on the application of any profecutor or profecutors, and proof on oath made of the conviction, and nonpayment of the penalty and charges, by warrant under his hand and feal, commit every fuch offender or offenders to the common gaol or houfe of correction of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, or place, where fuch offender or offenders (hall be found, there to remain for the fpace of one calendar month from the time of fuch commitment, unlefs after fuch commitment payment (hall be made of the penalty or money forfeited, and the cofts and charges afeertained as atorefaid, before the expiration of the faid one calendar month.

Form follow- XV. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, ing to be ob- That the juftice or juftices before whom any perfon fhalL be ferved in con- convicted in that part of Great Britain called England, in man-EngUmd n  ncr Pre^cr‘bcd by this aCt, (hall caufe every fuch refpeCtive con-

*  viCtion to be drawn up in the form or to the effeCt following}

that is to fay,

(*

v^ooQle

277

1763.] Anno tertio GEORGII III. C.u:

(To wit) T>E it remembered. That on this  day  of

X)  in the  year  of  the  reign of

A. B. is convifted before Majejly's juftices of the peace for the faid county of or for the '  or  for  the

city, liberty, or town of  (as  the  cafe

(hall happen to be) for  and  do

adjudge (him, her, or them, as the cafe (hall be) to pay and forfeit for the fame, the fum of

Given under  the  day and year aforefaid.

XVI.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Form ;n scot* That in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall be convifted of any of- land to be as . fence againft this aft, before any juftice or juftices of the peace for other of-in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, every fuch convic- ^nauire. tion (hall proceed and be drawn up in the form commonly ufed

and praftifed before fuch juftices of the peace, on convictions for other offences of the like nature.

XVII.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, No conviftion. That no certiorari, letters of advocation, or of fufpenfion, (hall j’ernove.' be granted to remove any conviftion, or other proceedings had y certl°* thereon in purfuance of this aft.

XVIII.  Provided always, and be it further enafted by the perfons ag-authority aforefaid, That if any perfon convifted of any offence grieved by the punilhable by this aft, (hall think him, her, or themfelves, ag- judgment of grieved by the judgment of any juftice or juftices before whom *i^caUoThe^ he, (he, or they, mall have been convifted, fuch perfoti (hall Quarter fcf-have liberty, from time to time, to appeal to the juftices at the 2ons$

next general or general quarter feffions of the peace which (hall be held tor the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, where fuch judgment (hall have been given ; and that the ex^ ccution of the faid judgment (hall, in luch cafe, be fufpended j the perfon fo convifted entering into a recognizance at the time entering into of fuch conviftion, with two fufficient fureties, in double the a recogni-fum which fuch perfon (hall have been adjudged to pay or forfeit upon condition to profecute fuch appeal with effeft, and profecute the to be forthcoming, to abide the judgment and determination appeal, of the juftices at their faid next general or general quarter feflion5 which recognizance the juftice or juftices, before whom fuch conviftion (nail be had, is and are hereby impowered and required to take ; and the juftices in the faid general or general jufticesatthe quarter feflion are hereby authorized and required to hear and quarter fef-finally determine the matter of every fuch appeal, and to award nons to hear , fuch cofts as to them (hall appear" juft and reafonable to be paid by either party; and if, upon hearing the faid appeal, the judg- fochTp^aV ment of the juftice or juftices before whom the appellant or ap- and award * pellants (hall have been convifted, (hall be affirmed, fuch ap- colts, pellant or appellants (hall immediately pay down the fum he,

(he, or they, (hall have been adjudged to forfeit, together with fu9h cofts 4s the juftices in their faid general or general quarter

T 3  feflion

278'

On the appeal being affirmed, the appellant may be committed till payment of the cofb.

or compofi-tion be made.

If the appellant make good his appeal, reafon-able cofts to be awarded him.

Where there 2& not fuffi-cient time between the conviction and feffions, appeal may be made to the ad quarter feffion.

Limitation of aftions brought a-gainlt juftices, and peace officers.

A& *4 Geo.II. extended to juftices aCting under this act.

Anno tertio Georgii III. c.i 1.  [176?.

feffion (hall award to be paid to the profecutor or informer for defraying the expences fuftained by reafon of any fuch appeal; | and in default of the appellant's paying the fame, any juftices or juftice having jurifdiction in the place into which any fuch appellant or appellants (hall efcape, or where he, (he, or they, 1 (hall refide, (hall and may, by warrant under their hands and feals, or his hand and leal, commit every fuch appellant and appellants to the common gaol of the county, riding, divifion, liberty, city, {own, or place, where he, (he, or they, (hall be apprehended, there to remain until he, (he, or they, (hall pay the penalty or money forfeited and cofts as aforefaid, or (hall compouna in refpect thereof with the informer, and pay the compofition-money agreed on to the informer; but if the ap-

Eellant or appellants in any fuch appeal (hall make good his, er, or their appeal, and be difeharged of the faid conviction, reasonable cofts mall be awarded to the appellant or appellants, againft fuch informer or informers, who (in cafe of fuch conviction having been affirmed) would have been intitled to the penalty to have been recovered as aforefaid; and which cofts lhall and may be recovered by the appellant or appellants a-gainft any fuch informer or informers, in like manner as cofts given at any general or general quarter feflion of the peace are recoverable.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any fuch conviction (hall happen to be made within fix days before any general or general quarter fef-fionof the peace, which (hall be held for the county, riding, divifion, city, town corporate, borough, or place, where fuch conviction (nail have been made; then the party or parties who (hall think him, her, or themfelves, aggrieved by any fuch conviction, (hall and may, on entering into a recognizance in manner and for the purpofes before directed, be at liberty to appeal, either to then next, or the next following general or general quarter feffion of the peace which (hall be held for any fuch county, riding, divifion, city, town corporate, borough, liberty, or place, where any fuch conviction fhall have been made.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That every action or fuit which fhall be brought or commenced againft any juftice or juftices, or any peace officer or officers, in that part of Great Britain called England,, for any matter or thing done or committed by virtue of, or under this act, (hall be cojnmenced within fix calendar months next after the fact committed, and not afterwards, and fhall be laid or brought in the /county, city, or place, where the matter in difpute mall arife, and not ellewhere ; and that the ftatute made in the twenty-fourth year of King George the Second, intituled, An aft for rendering the juftices of the peace more fafe in the execution of their office \ and for indemnifying conjiables, and other s7 afting in obedience to their warrants; fo Far as the faid act relates to the rendering the ju-fticcs more fafe in the execution of their office, fhalhextend, and be conftrued to extend, to the juftice or juftices of the peace acting

Anno tertio Georgii III. c.n.  279

ing under the authority or in purfuance of this adt; and that no a£tk>n or fuit (hall be had or commenced againft, nor (hall any Notice to be writ be fued out, or copy of any writ be ferved upon, any peace given to peace officer or officers, for any thing done in the execution ot'this  bef*|t

until feven days after a notice in writing (hall have been be^ued^mta-given to, or left for,N him or them, at his or their ufual place of gainft them j abode, by the attorney for the party intending to commence fuch adtion; which notice (hall contain the name and place of abode of the perfon intending to bring fuch adtion, and alfo of his attorney, and likewife the eaufe of adtion or complaint: and any peace officer or officers (hall be at liberty, and may, by vir- and if tender tue of this adt, at any time within feven days after any fuch no- of amends be tice {hall have been given to, or left for, him, tender, or eaufe to be tendered, any fum or fums of money, as amends for thetn * injury complained of, to the party complaining, or to the attorney named in any fuch notice; and, if the fame is not accepted of, the defendant or defendants in any fuch adtion or actions may plead (uch tender in bar of fuch adtion or adtions, together with the general iflue, or any other plea, with leave of the court in which the adtion (hall be commenced : and if, up- jind ©iy iflue joined on fuch tender, the jury, (hall find the amends  been

tendered to have been fufficient, they (hall find a verdidt for the fuflkient, &c. defendant or defendants: and in every fuch cafe, or if the plain- a verdi&’to be tiff (hall become nonfuit, or difeontinue his adtion 5 or if judg- found for mem (hall be given for the defendant or defendants upon de- wlth murrer; or if any adtion or fuit (hall be brought after the time fimited by this adt for bringing the fame, or (hall be brought in any other county or place than as aforefaid ; then, and in every fuch cafe, the jury (hall find a verdidt for the defendant or defendants; and the defendant or defendants (hall be intitled to his or their cods : but if the jury (hall find that no fuch tender Plaintiff re-was made, or that the amends tendered were not fufficient, or covering, in-(hall find a verdidt againft the defendant or defendants, on any tltled to da* plea or pleas by him or them pleaded ; then they (hall give a an verdidt tor the plaintiff, and fuch damages, as they (hall think proper j and the plaintiff (hall thereupon recover his or her cofts, againft every fuch defendant and defendants.

XXI.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforefoid, Limitation ot "That if any adtion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any other other a&ions. Perfon or perfons than a juftice or juftices, or peace officer, for thing done in purfuance of this adt, the defendant or defen-^nts in any fuch adtion or fuit may plead the general iflue, and General iffue. &ive this adt, and the fpecial matter, in evidence at any trial to had thereupon; and that the fame was done in purfuance ^**1 by the authority of this adt; and if it (hall appear fo to have ^cen done, or if a verdidt (hall be found for the defendant or defendants ; or if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, or difeontinue Viisatfion, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared;

if judgment (hall be given upon a verdidt or demurrer a-%ainft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants in >cve<y fuch adtion (hall and may recover double cofts, and have Double cods.

T 4  the

Go

28q

Limitations aj>d remedies for gendering juftices, peace officers, and other persons, (afe in their duty, extended to Scotland,

Limitation of profecutions for offences againit this ad.

Penalties and forfeitures how to be re-covered and applied.

Rights of the cwo univerfi-:;es refcrved.

Anno tcrtio Georgii III. c. xi. [17$$.

the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law tor recovery of his or their cofts.

XXII.  And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the above limitations and remedies for rendering juftices of peace, peace officers, and all other perfons, fafe in the execution of their feveral offices under this ad, (hall extend to and be available to all fuch juftices of peace, peace officers, and other perfons, in that part of Great Britain called Scatlcni \ and (hall be pleaded by them, and fuftained by the court or courts before which they, or any of them, may happen to be fued, according to the forms of tne law of Scotland.

XXIII.  Provided alfo, and be it likewife enaded by the authority aforefaid. That no perfon (hall be convided of any offence under this ad, unlefs the profecution in order for fuch con-vidion (hall be commenced within three days after the offence committed; and that no perfon, who (hall be profecuted to con* vidion for any offence done or committed againft this ad, (hall be fubjed or liable to be profecuted for the lame offence under any other law.

XXIV.  And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That all penalties and forfeitures by this ad inffided, (hall, when recovered or paid, go and be diftributed in manner foJ-fowing; that is to fay, one moiety thereof, where any offender or offenders (hall be convided, either by his, her, or their own confeflion, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefc or witnefles, (hall go and be paid to the perfon or perfons who (hall inform againft and profecute to convidion any fuch offender or offenders; and the other moiety thereof as the juftice or juftices, before whom any offender or offenders againft this gd (hall be convided, (hall from time to time, think lit and order, for the better carrying into execution the purpofes of this ad, and defraying the charges attending the carrying the fame into execution.

XXV.  Provided likewife, and it is hereby enaded. That this ad, or any thing herein contained, (hall not extend, or be con-ftrued to extend, to prejudice the ancient right or cuftom of the two univerfities of Oxford or Cambridge, or either of them, or of their or either of their clerks of the market, or the pradice within the feveral jurifdidions of the faid univerfities, or either of them, ufed, to afeertain and appoint the weight of all forts of bread to be fold or expofed to faje within their feveral juritik-tions ; but that they, and every of them, (hall and, may, feve-rally and refpedively, from time to time, as there (hall be occasion, afcertain and appoint within their feveral and refpedire jurifdidions, the weight of all forts of bread to be fold or expoted to falc by any baker or other perfon whatfpever, within the limits of their feveral jurifdidions; and (hall and may pqnifh the breach thereof as fully and freely, in all refpeds, as they ufed to do, and a$ if this ad had never been m?d$; any thing

,  berm

763.3  Anno tertio Georgii III. c. 11.  281

ierein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-landing.

CAP. XII.

An a£J for granting to bis Majefty feveral additional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom, and certain duties upon all cyder and perry \ and for raiftng the fum of three mnllions five hundred thoufand poundsby way of annuities and lotteries, to be charged on the jfaid duties. .

Mod gracious Sovereign, r  f.  '  ‘

\Kf E your Majefy's mofi dxtiftdrand loyalfubjetts, the commons of preamble. ^ V V Great Britain, in parliament affembledy towards raifing by  r

thr moft easy means the neceffory fupplies to defray your Mojefly's pub-lick expenses, have freely and voluntarily refofved to give and grant ttn~ to your Majefty 1 the fever al rates, duties and impofitions, herein after nusntionedj and do mojl humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be ensafted ', and be jit enalted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, toy and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, Additional a*d by the authority of the fame. That from and after the thirty- duties grant-fkjft day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three, ed, to take and above all fubfidies of tonnage arid poundage, and all ather fubfidies, additional duties, and impofitions, whatfoever, jsMaroi c3ue or payable for all wines and vinegar imported into Great Britain, by any zA or adts of parliament now in force, there  1

tfhall be railed, levied, collected, and paid ninto his Majefty, his Heirs, and fuccelfors (before landing thereof) the additional im-  .,  1

politioos, rates, or auties following, without any difeount or jdedudtion inwards, or drawback on re-exportation afterwards3 that is to fay.

For every ton of French wine and French vinegar, which (hall be imported into this kingdom, the fum of eight pounds 3 and gar imported, fo after that rate for any greater or lefler quantity,  8l. per ton $

And alfo for every ton of all other wines and vinegar import- ^her^nes ed into this kingdom, the fum of four pounds 3 and lb after that and vinegar rate for any greater or lefler quantity.  imported, 41.

The fame to be raifed, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, to be colieaedr in fijeh manner and form, and by fuch ways, means, and me- levied, and thods, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures (except as to ^effedinthe difeounts and drawbacks aforefeid) as are mentioned and ex- SfclofjJac.n* prefled in the adt of parliament made and pafled in the firft year of the reign of his late Majefty King James the Second, intituled,

An aft for granting his Majefty an impofttion upon all wines and vinegar imported between the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred and eighty-five, and th: twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred and ninety-three 3 or in any other adfc or adts orinanyptbtr of parliament by which the faid impofitions, rates, and duties, *^™tie»S upon all wines and vinegar imported, were continued and made thereby grant-

perpetual 3 ed perpetual.

Damaged and

unmerchantable wines exempted from theie additional duties. Aft i» Geo. I.

282  Anno tertio GeqrgiI III. c.12.  [17*3.

perpetual; and all powers, penalties, forfeitures, provifions, ar-*  tides, and claufes therein contained, not any ways altered by

this ad, (hall continue in foil force and effed during the continuance of the faid impofitiotis, rates, and duties hereby granted, and (hall be applied, pradifed, and executed, for the railing, levying,, colliding, fecuring, anfwering, and paying the faid iriipofitions, rates, aud duties, according to the true intent and meaning of this ad, as foUy and effedually to aU intents and purpofes as if the faid claufes, matters, and things, had been a-gain repeated and re-enaded in the body of this prefect* ad ; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftanding.

II.  Provided always. That? nothing in this ad contained (hall extend or be cbnftrued to\ extend, to lay any further duties upon wines damaged. Corrupt, or unmerchantable, and for which the merchants or importers thereof (hail refofe to pay or fecure the dutiefc ;* and which by an ad paffed in the twdfth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled, An aU for the improvement of hisMnjefiy's revenues of as-Jloms, excijif end inland duties, ace, on fetch refofal direded to

be received into the cuftody of proper officers of the cuftoms, to be publickly fold, in order t6 be diftillcd intobrandy, or to be made into vinegar.

III.  And it is hereby enadedby the authority aforefaid, That thefaid impofitions, rates, and duties by this ad granted, Audi, from time to time be * under the management and diredkm of

dl^honof t*le telpedtiverommiffionersof his Majefty’s cuftoms, and their the commit officers-for thetime being, and (hall be paid into the hands of iioners of the the receiver genital of the cuftoms in England, for the time be-cuftoms 5 ing ;mi. fuchreceiver-general fhall weekly, to wit, on Wed-^e/weeki  ***  every week* if it be: not an holy day, and if it be,

by thereceiv- then on the next day after that is not an holy aay, anfwer and er-general into pay all the monies arifing by the faid additional impofitions, the exche- rates, and duties (the necefkry^bwrges of raifing, colieding, quer,  and anfwering( the fame, only excepted) into the receipt of his

apart from all Majefty’s exchequer, diftind and apart from all other monies other monies; which fuch receiver-general (hall receive for the ufe of his Ma-jefty, his heirs and (ucceffors, for the ufes and purpofes in this ad mentioned.

IV.  And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That there (hall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt of exchequer, a book or books in which all the monies hereby appointed to be paid weekly into the faid receipt as aforefaid, Ihall be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fuc-ceffors, upon any account whatfoever.

V.  And whereas by the eighth rule annexed to the book of to^the'book of rates referred to in the ad of tonnage and poundage pafled in

the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, every merchant bringing in any fort of wines into this kingdom by 6  way

The laid da-ties to be under the ma-

-and to be entered accordingly in proper books to be provided there for the purpofe.

Rule annexed

rates.

v^,ooQle

t7^.] Anno tertio Geqrgii III. c. n.  283

way of merchandize, and making due entries thereof, is allowed twelve pounds per centum for leakage: And whereas it is of late years become a practice for feveral merchants to lodge Spanijb,

Portugal, and other wines, at the iflands of Guernfey and Jer~ feyy and after they have filled up the calks there, to import fuel* wines into this kindom, and demand the before mentioned allowance for leakage, notwhhftanding the calks are quite full, to tlie leflening of his Majefty’s revenue, and the prejudice of t other merchants who import wines direftly from the place of^°^U^^^ their growth: For remedy whereof, and in order to put all mer- leakage, but chants upon a more equal footing, be it enafted by the autho- upon wine* rity aforefaid. That no merchant lhall, in refpeft of the duties 5nJPorJeddi-hnpofed by this aft, be allowed twelve pounds per centum,  '

have any allowance for leakage upon any wine imported into this p]acc Jf their kingdom, unlefs futh wine be imported direftly from the country growth, &c. ' or place of the growth of the faid wine, or the ufual port or Madeira place of its firft Ihipping, except Madeira Wines imported into ^ fro^SuT" this kingdom from any of his Majefty’s plantations in America s Britiih plant*-any thing in the faid recited rule to the contrary notwithftand- tipns in Ame. ing.  rica excepted.,

vl. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, From and af* That frpm and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand feverl ***£ ’an^addi-i hundred and fixty-three, there lhall be railed, collefted, levied, tional duty to and paid unto and for the ufe df his Majefty, his heirs, and be laid on all. fucceffors, for and upon all cyder and perry which lhall at any cyder and r time or times be imported or brought into the kingdom ofP011^5 Great Britain, (over and above all other cuftoms, fubfidies, and duties by any aft or afts of parliament or law whatfoever imposed upon or payable for the fame) the additional rate or new duty of excife herein after exprefled; that is to fay,

For every ton of cyder or perry imported into Great Bri- ***: ^ *P tain from beyond the fcas, and lb proportionably for a greater or 2™ import* lefler quantity, to be paid by the importer before landing, ed, *<>«. pa-over and above all other duties payable for the fame, two tons pounds.  ..  .

VII.  And be it further enafted by theauthority aforefaid, That from and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand (even hundred and fixty-three, there lhall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflors, for and upon all cyder and perry made within the and upon *U , kingdom of Great Britain, (over and above all other duties, cy*er and charges, and impofitions, by any former aft or afts of parlia-meat thereupon refpeftively let, rated, or impofed) the new Britain, duty of excife herein after mentioned and exprefled; that is to fay.

For all cyder and perry which (hall be made in Great Bri~ heaJ^to'be^ tain, upon every hogfhead, to be paid by the maker thereof, paid by the and fo proportionably for a greater or lefs quantity, (over and *aak«r*

bove

Duties upon cyder and

ftie commif-fioners and officers of excite there -9 and thofe in

284  Anno  tertio Georgii III. c.12.  fi76^.

above all other duties now payable for cyder or perry) the font of four (hillings.

VIII.  And for the better afeertaining, charging, collecting, railing, levying, and fecuring the faid rates and duties by this a# impofed, and preventing frauds therein; be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That fuch of the faid rates and duties by this aCt granted, as are charged upon cyder or perry made in perry made in, or imported into England, IValeSy or the town England,to be Qf "Berwick upon Tweedy (hall be under the receipt and manage-ceibtancf ma- ment t^ie commiflioners and officers of his Majefty’s revenues nagement of" excjfe in England for the time being; and fuch of the faid rates ^  ancj dutjes as are impofed by this aCt upon cyder or perry made

in, or imported into Scotland* (hall be under the receipt and management of the commiffioners and officers of excife in Scotland

___________ for the time being; and the faid refpe&ive commiflioners of ex-

Scotland^ un- cife, or the major part of them, have hereby power, by com-dcr like offi- million under their refpeCtive hands and feals, to conftitute and cers there. appoint under them fuch officers as (hall be neceflary in that crsToappobt behalf; and all monies arifing by and in refpeCt of the faid du-a-Efficient ties upon cyder and perry (the neceflary charges of railing and number of  accounting for the fame excepted) (hall, from time to time, be

' . paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, diftinCUy and t2 be paid^nto aPart from dl other branches of the publick revenue, the exchequer apart frdhi all other monies. ,

Makers'of • IX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforelaid, cyder or per- - That fropn and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand fe-ry (not being yen hundred and iixty-three, all and every perSon and perfons, *ot h?»ng a compounder or compounders, who (hall intend to names!and the ma^e anY cyder or perry, (hall, ten days at lead before he, (he, util}*, pwfles, or they mall begin to make cyder or perry, make a true and par-or ofiier uten* ticular entty in writing, at the office of excife next to the place (e**  where fuch cyder or perry (hall be intended to be made, of the

places'to be ^ rcfpe6tive name or names of fuch maker or makers, and. of e--  -  very mill or prefs, or other utenfil, belonging to him, her, or

them, for the making of cyder or perry, and alfo of every ftore-houfe, ware-houfe, cellar* or other place, wherein he, uc.urc lacy  or  they>  »ntend to make, lay, or keen any cyder or perryj

begin to work. and if any fuch maker of cyder or perry mall, contrary to the Penalty of #ire<ftions of this a<ft, make ufe of any mill, prefs, qr other u-u(iog any un- tenfil, or ftore-houfe, ware-houfe, cellar, or other place, either or m?ll 6cc™ f°r the making, laying, or keeping any cyder or perry, without having made fuch entry as aforefaid, he, (he, or they (hall refpe&ively forfeit and low the fum of twenty-five pounds for every fuch offence.

X. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, cife, upon re- That from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand fe-queif made, ven hundred and fixty-three, all and every the officers of excife frrca°ce*'$!n  at  a^  times in the day-time, be permitted upon their ro-

the day-time, queft, to enter the mill-houie, ftore-houfe, ware-houfe, cellar, to all places and all other places whatfoever, belonging to, or ufed by, any made*ufe of Pcrfon or perfons whatsoever, either for the making, laying, or

keeping

made ufe of at the next office of excife, 10 days before they

,ji.

Officers of ex-

763.]  Anno tertio Georgii ItL c. 12.  284

:eeping of cyder or perry, of which notice (hall or ought tof°r®a^I^or \ave been given as aforefaid, who, at any time or times, from ind after the faid fifth day of Ju/yy one thoufand feven hundred y * ind fixty-three, (hall make any cyder or perry, and to gauge to gauge, and take an account of all the cyder or perry which (hall be “ntems to * there found, and (hall thereof make return or report in writing the commif-to the refpeftive commilfioners of excife in Great Britain, or fuch fioners, other perfon or perfons as they (hall refpeftively appoint to receive the fame, leaving a true copy of fuch report in writing, leaving a copy under his or their hand, with or for fuch maker of cyder or xhedut?«to peny; and fuch report or return of the faid officer or officers, be paid ac-fhall be a charge upon fuch maker or makers of cyder or perry; cording there-and the amount of the duties thereby charged, (Hall be paid by to» within 6 fuch maker or makers refpeftively, within the fpace of fix weeks, J^ch aiding to be computed from the time of making fuch charge.  charge 5  *

XI.  Provided always. That fuch and the like allowances and the ufual

(hall be made to the (everal perfons chargeable with the duties allowances to in this a (ft, as have been ufually made to perfons chargeable fpC^3thereofi" with the duties upon cyder and perry.by former laws.  P ,  •

XII.  And, for preventing fuch frauds as might be committed by felling, or otherwife difpofing, of cyder or perry, made after the laid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-

three, under pretence of its having been made before the com- Perfons in-mencement ot this aft, and thereby evading the payment of the feH^or remove duty intended by this aft to be charged thereupon ; be it enaft- any cydeTor* ed by the authority aforefaid. That every perfon having in his, perry in their her, or their pofleflion any cyder or perry made before the faid pofleflion, fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three, and intending to fell, or otherwife difpofe of, or remove out of f^to fend a his, her, or their own pofleflion, any quantity of fuch cyder figned parti-or perry, (hall, ten days at the leaft before the faid fifth day of cular thereof July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three, give a true ^che npXt and particular account thereof in writing, figned by him, her, excife,° or them, at the office of excife next to the place where he, (he, jo days be-1 or they lhall then inhabit, that the officer of excife may attend fore the faid to take an account thereof; and after fuch account (hall be de- 5 JulO that livered in, it (hall be lawful for the officer and officers of excife may°attendt to enter into the feveral places belonging to fuch perfon or per- and take au fons, where fuch cyder or perry (hall be laid or kept, and to account take an exaft account thereof by gauging or otherwife ; and it therc°f*

(hall be lawful for him, upon a requeft in writing from the per-fon who has given in fuch-account, from time to time to grant fionallyforthe certificates for the removal of a like quantity of cyder or perry, removal of a and no more, without charging the duty granted by this aft,'quantity, diftinguifhing, in fuch certificates, that the cyder or perry was Sarging the made before the commencement of the duty granted by this duty. See. a ft.

XIII.  And, for the preventing of frauds in the removal of cyder or perry, and for fecuring the duty granted by this aft,

be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and No cyder or after the faid fifth day of Julyy one thoufand feven hundred and perry, exceed-

fixty-

^  Digitized  by  

in? 6 gallons, to be removed. See. without a certificate.

on forfeiture thereof, with the package. Officers of ex-cife may feize the fame. Time to be limited, for which the certificate is to be in force.

Perfons making cyder or perry to be con fumed in their own private families only may be admitted to compound for the auties, they giving in a lift of the number in family, and paying at the rate ot 5 s. per head, per annum.

CompoGtion to be renewed annually, and

Ahno tertlo GeorGii III. c.ia.  f  176^.

fixty-three, no cyder or perry exceeding the quantity of fix gallons, (hall be removed or carried from any part of this kingdom, by land or by water, without a certificate (which the officers of excife are hereby required to give without fee or reward, udoq requeft of the perfon defiring to remove fuch cyder or perry) to accompany the fame, figned by one or more of the officers of excife, fignifying and certifying the quantity of fuch cyder and perry, and the number of cafks or package containing the fame, and the name of the perfon from whom the fame is removed, and the place to which, and the name and place of abode of the perfon to whom, fuch cyder or perry is to be fent; and dif-tinguifhing therein, whether the (ame is to be removed from the mill where the feme was made, into the premiffes of any compounder, or of any perfon exempted by this a£t from paying duty, or compounding, or of any other perfon chargeable with the feid duty ; and if removed out of the ftock or ftore-houfe of any compounder or other perfon, then diftinguifhing from whofe ftock or ftore-houfe the feme is intended to be removed, or whether the fame was cyder or perry made before the commencement of the duty granted by this ad; and if the fame lhall have been charged with the faia duty, or any other duty, then with what duty the Fame has been fo charged; or if condemned, then that the fame had been condemned as forfeited; upon pain of forfeiting the cyder or perry, together with the cafks, veflels, or other package containing the fame, which (hall be found removing or carrying from one place to another, without fuch certificate, and which (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife; in which certificate the officer or officers of excife who grant the fame, (hallexprefs and limit the time for which the feme (hall continue in force.

XIV.  And whereas many of his Maiefty’s fubjetfts do make cyder or perry, part of which is intended not to be fold, but to be confumed in their own private families only: For the better accommodation of fuch perfons, be it further enafted by the authority aforefeid. That when any fuch perfon (hall be de-firous of compounding for the duties on cyder and perry to be confumed in their own private families only, it (hall be lawful for the feid refpe&ive commiffioners of excife, for the time being, or the major part of them refpeftively, or fuch perfon or perfons as they, or the major part of them, (hall refpe&ively appoint for that purpofe; and in default of fuch appointment, then for the colledtor and fupervifor for the diftrift and divifion within which fuch perfon doth or (hall inhabit, upon receiving from the perfon who (hall fo defire to make fuch compofition, an e*a<ft lift figned by him or her, of the feveral perfons whereof his or her family confift, (fpecifying their chriftian and fur-names therein) to compound and agree with fuch perfon or perfons for the duty of four (hillings granted by this a<ft on cyder and perry, to be confumed in their own private families only, at the rate of five (hillings per annum, for the number of perfons which (hall be mentioned in fuch lift; which compofi-

00a

287

ion (hall laft for one year, and.be renewed annually, and the the money noney arifing thereby, (hall be paid down at the refpe&ive times f making the competitions; and that the houfes, ouj-houfes, Houfe*, See. of bore-houfes, cellars, or other places, of fuch particular perfons compounders naking fuch compofition and agreement as aforefaid, and pay- exempted ng fuch compofition-money, and duly complying with their payments thereupon, fhall not be liable to the i'urvey or fearch or f >f any officer or officers of excife, for or by reafon of his or heir making cyder or perry as aforefaid; and in cafe the family mcreafe )f the perfon making the compofition fliall be increafed, at my time during the year compounded for, then every perfon be given ini whofe family ihall be fo increafed, fhall deliver in an additional lift containing the names of the feveral perfons added to the family, who fhall then alfo pay down a proportionable compofition for the perfons fo added, videlicet, five pence for each ca- and 5 d. per lendar month that fhall be unexpired of the year, for which his P«r or her compofition was made, for each and every perfon fo jJJjjg for tba added, and in like manner frefh lifts fhall be delivered, and com- additional pofitions made accordingly every year; and in cafe any perfon number, du-having compounded, fhall negleft to deliver fuch lifts, or to the pay the compofition-money from year to year, by the fpace °f t'ermof ten days after the expiration of each refpeChve year, the per- the year, fon fo negle&ing fhall be charged by the officer of excife with Compounders the duty of four fhillings for every hogfhead of cyder or perry, negiefting to which fliall be found in his or her cuftody; which charge the officer or officers of excife are hereby required to make, and their compo-fuch perfons fhall become fubjedfc to the furvey of the faid offi- fition-money, cersj and if any perfon who fhall compound in purfuance of thet0. chaxg&. power hereby given, fhall deliver in a lift which does not con- become tain the true number with the names of the feveral perfons of liable to fur-which his or her family then really confifted of j or if any per- vey. fon fhall neglect to deliver in a lift of the number and names of Perfons deli-any increafe that may happen in his or her family, according to the directions of this aft, or to pay the proportionable com-  3

pofition as aforefaid, the party fo offending fhall, for every fuch -. offence refpeClively, forfeit tne fum of twenty pounds.  forfeit sol.

XV.  Provided always. That no compounder fhall be ob-liged to infert in fuch lift, the names of his or her children not^be under the age of eight years, or to reckon them as part of his or inferted in the her family.  lift*.

XV I. And as it may frequently happen that fuch perfon* who (hall make compofitions for the duties on cyder and perry to be confumed in their own private families, may have larger quantities of cyder or perry than is neceflary to be expended for the ufe of their refpe&ive families; to the end therefore that he, compounders (he, or they, may be impowered to fell, or otherways difpofe of, may fell, dil-or remove any quantity of cyder or perry, and that nis Majefty’s pole of, or re-duties may be lecured for the fame, when and fo often as any move, any cy-fuch compounder or compounders fhall be defirous of felling, or ^^thimZf-otherways difpofing of, any cyder or perry, or of removing of fc\Cnt for the fame, and fhall have given to the officer of excife of the di- their own ufe.

vifion

288

Anno tertio GeorgiI III. c.11.  £ i76^

vifion or place where his, her, or their ware-houfe or ftort-houfe, cellar or other place, for making, laying, or keeping, noScf to the cyc^cr or Perry> fhall be fituate, two days notice in writing of proper officer, his, her, or their intention to fell, or otherways difpofe of, or remove any quantity of cyder or perry, fpecifying in fuch notice the particular quantity of cyder or perry he, me, or they intend to fell, or otherways difpofe of or remove, and alfo the defeription of the particular ware-houfe, ftore-houfe, cellar, or place where fuch quantity of cyder or perry (hall then be laid or kept, and of the place to which the fame is intended to be removed orfent j the officer of excife, having received fuch no-who is to at- tice* 1S hereby authorized and required to attend at the (aid tend, and take ftore-houfe, ware-houfe, cellar, or other place, and then and an account there to enter the fame, and to gauge and take an account of ^reofVand t^e particular quantity of cyder or perry fo intended to be fold duties^ C or otherwife difpofed of or removed, and to charge thereon the and reportthe faidduty after the rate of four (hillings for every hogftiead, and fame to the thereof to make a return or report in writing to the commiffion-exci.fe officc$ ers of excife, or fuch other perfon or perfons as they (hail ap-py with the" point to receive the fame, leaving a true copy of fuch report in compounder, writing, under his or their hand, with or for fuch compounder Such cyder or compounders; and fuch report or return of the faid officer °r  or °®cers be a charge upon fuch compounder or corn-

wards ^mov- pounders; and after the duties are fo charged, the faid eyed without a der or perry (hall not be removed, on any pretence, without certificate. fuch certificate as aforefeid to accompany the fame, to prevent Compounders tjje fejzure thereof; and if any compounder or compounders anylfraudty°t f°r t^e duty on cyder or perry, to be confumed in his, her, or * their own private family or families only, (hall fraudulently fell, exchange, barter, or deliver out any cyder or perry to any perfon or perfons contrary to the true meaning of this aft, or (hall fell or otherwife difpofe of or remove any fuch cyder or perry, without having firft given fuch notice as aforefaid, or before the . .  duty granted by this aft is charged thereon, he, (he, or they

forfeit ao . fhaf] refpeftively forfeit the fum of twenty pounds for every fuch offence.

XVII.  And whereas many makers of cyder or perry are not pofleffed of mills, or other proper utenfils for making cyder or perry, but either hire or borrow the fame of others for that purpofe; and though the permitting makers of cyder or perry who have fuch mills and other utenfils, and are compounders, to let out or lend their mills and utenfils, may appear reafonable, yet confiderable frauds may be praftifed thereby to the prejudice of his Majefty’s revenue and the fair trader, unlefs fuch per-miflion is granted under proper reftriftions ; to the end therefore that fuch perfons rnay be accommodated, and that his Majefty’s duty may be fecured, be it enafted by the authority afore-No com- faid. That no maker or makers of cyder or perry, being a pounder may compounder or compounders for the duty granted by this aft ^or t^ie cyder or Pcri7 t0 be confumed in his, her, or their other utenfils, family or families, (hall, during the time he, (he, or they for making ,  (hall

1763.J Anno tertio Georg ii IIL c. 12.  289

jjhail compound for the faid duty* let out or lend his, her, cyder or per-or their mill or mills, or other utenfil or utenfils, to any other ^ herfon or perfons for the purpofe of making cyder or perry, or permit or fuffer the fame, or ahy of them, to be ufed for the purpofe aforefaid, unlels he, (he, or they, (hall have given, or caufed to have been given, to the officer of excife of the divifion or place where his, her, or their mill or mills, or other uteri-lils, (hall be fituate, notice in writing by the fpace of three days without giv--next before the time he, (he, or they, mall permit fuch mill or ing 3 days premills, or other utenfils, to be ufed by or on the behalf of any vious nonce other perfon or perfons for the making of cyder or perry, fighi- Officer to°at-r fying thereby that he, (he, or they, have lent or let out his, her, tend, ami or their mill or mills, or other utenfil or utenfils, and to whom by charge the name, and whofe apples or pears are therein to be ground, duties 5 prefled, and made into cyder or perry, and requiring fuch officer of excife to attend at the mill or other place fo to be made ufe of, to take an account of the cyder or perry which (hall be there made, and to charge the duty granted by this ad thereupon ; unlefs it (hall appear that the cyder or perry fo made is unkf$ the <*-reallv and bom fide the property of any other compounder for the duty on cyder or perry to be confomed in his or her private ™ 0f another* family only, or to be the property of any perfon hot liable as compounder, herein after mentioned to pay the faid duty, or to compound, or of fome within the meaning of this ad ; and fuch cyder or perry (hall hot be removed, on any pretence, without fuch certificate as ° e aforefaid to accompany the fame, to prevent the feizure thereof: and no part of And if any maker or makers of cyder or perry, during the time it to be re- : he, (lie, or they, (hall compound for the duty granted by this ***** ***-ad for cyder or perry to be confuted in his, her, or their private £atea.ccr * family or families (hall let out or lend his, her, or their mill or mills, or other utenfil or utenfils, to any other perfon or perfons for the purpofe of making cyder or pernr, or (hall permit or fuffer the fame, or any of them, to be ufed for that purpofe, without giving fuch notice in writing, as aforefaid, he, (he, or they, *

(hall refpedively forfeit and lofe for every fuch offence the fum of x0. j. * of ten pounds.

XVIII.  Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That R*r.r°n* u^ng

every perfon who ufes his or her own mill, prefs, or other uten-  or

111 for the making of cyder or perry for his or her own ufe, or procuring cy-procures cyder or perry to be made for him or her at the mill or deror perry prefs, or in the utenfil of another perfon, (hall be deemed to be be made at a maker of cyder or perry within the intent and meaning of this

perfon, deem-

XIX.  Provided always, and it is hereby enaded and declar- ed makers, ed, That this ad, or any thing therein contained, (hall not Compounders extend to oblige any perfon or perfons who do or (hall pay the to’com-compofition eftablimed by law for the duties on malt, during pound, or pay fuch time as he, (he, or they, (hall compound for the faid du- duties, for cy-ties on malt, and no longer, to compound for or pay the du- .0f Pr*r>* ties on cyder or perry granted by this aft, for the cyder or per- ^dcwifumed ty he, (he, or they (hall make, to be confumed in his, her, or in tj,ejr owu

Vol. XXV.  U  their  Umilies j

unlels they (hall foil; or otherwaysdif-pofe of, any part thereof; in which cafe they are to comply with the directions given with refpe&to Occupiers of tenement* not rated above 40 s. per ann. to the land tax, and not making more than 4nogf-heads ofeyder and perry in the whole in a

their private family or families only: but if fuch compounder or compounders for the duties on malt (hall be defirous of felling, or otherways difpofmg of or removing any cyder or perry, he, (he, or they, (hall be obliged to comply with the feveral directions herein before appointed to be obferved by compounders for the duty on cyder and perry granted by this a61, under the like penalties and forfeitures, and the like powers and authorities, as are hereby enafted for regulating the fame, compounders in like circumftances.

XX. Provided always, and it is hereby enafted and declared, That this aft, or any thing therein contained, (hall not extend to oblige the occupiers of fuch tenements as are not rated to the land tax, at above forty (hillings per annum, and pay accordingly, and who (hall not make more than four hogftieads of cyder and perry together in the whole, in anyone year, to pay the duty granted by this aft upon cyder and perry, or to compound for the fame.

year, exempted from duties, or compounding.

.  XXI.  Provided  always,  and.be  it  further enafted by the au-

dc^nd^e?" t^or*t)r aforefaid. That the faid duty of four (hillings per hogs-drawn back* upon cyder or perry charged by this aft, (hall and may on'exporta- be drawn back on the exportation of fuch cyder or perry, by the tion j  lame means and methods, and under the fame rules and direc-

tions, as the other duties, or any of them, now payable for cy-ftiHahon11 ^er or Pen7* may drawn back on exportation thereof; thereoHnto an<* a^°> that the faid duty on cyder and perry granted by this low wines and aft, (hall be drawn back or allowed upon the diftiilation of cy-fpirits $ der or perry into low wines and fpirits, by the fame means and methods, and under the fame rules and direftions, as the other duties, or any of them, now payable for cyder or perry, may ikme1bcinthe (*rawn ^ac^ or a^owcc* uP°n the diftiilation thereof; and in made into^i- ca^c any c>'der or Perry which has been charged with, and hath negar, and paid, the faid duty of four (hillings granted by this aft, (hall charged with hereafter, by being unfit for fale as cyder or perry, be charged the duties as with tjle duties on vinegar, it (hall be lawful for three or more uc *  of the commilfioners of excife for the time being, or two juftices

of the peace, within their feveral jurifdiftions, on proof th2t fuch cyder or perry hath been charged with, and paid, the faid duty granted by this aft, and that the fame cyder or peny hath been al(o charged with the duties on vinegar, to difeharge or allow' the duty granted by this aft, which they arc hereby required to do.

ccl. penalty XXII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, of oppoftngan That if from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand officer in the feven hundred and fixty-three, any perfon or perfons whatfe-ii ^eVer a^au^»  oppofe,  moleft,  or  hinder,  any  officer

° c* or officers of excife in the due feizing or fecurine of any cyder or perry which, by any officer or officers of excife, (hall or may # be feized by virtue or in purfuance of this aft, or in the execution of any of the powers and authorities by this aft given and •rofrercuiugvgrantcd; or (hall, by force or violence, relcue, or caufe to be

itfeuedi

L^ooQle

1763.]  Anno  tertio Georgii III. C.12I

refcued, any cyder or perry, after the fame (hall have been feiz-ed by fuch officer or officers as aforefaid, or (hall attempt or endeavour fo to do; or, after fuch feizure, (hall ftave, break, or otherwife deftroy or damage any cafks, veflels, or package, wherein the fame (hall be contained ; all and every the party or parties fo offending, (hall, for every fuch offence refpedtively, forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds.

XXIII.  Provided always^ and be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That no information (hall be brought, laid, or profe-cuted, againft any maker of cyder or perry, for any falfe or mif-entry, or for any offence made or committed from and after the fifth day of July* one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three, unlefs fuch information be laid and entered before fuch perfons appointed to determine the fame, within three months next after fuch offence committed; and that notice thereof be given to fuch perfon or perfons (againft whom fuch information (hall be laid) in writing, or left at their dwelling-houfes, within one week after the laying and entering fuch information, to the end a timely profecutionmay be had and made in defending the fame; any thing in this adt, or any other law, to the contrary not-withftanding.

XXIV.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That if either party think him, her, or themfclves, aggrieved by any judgment or order to be given or made by any juftices of the peace, in purfuance of this prefent adt, touching or concerning the duties hereby granted, or any penalty and forfeiture relating to the fame; it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch perfon or perfons, fo finding him, her, or themfelves, aggrieved" by fuch judgment or order, to appeal from the fame to the juftices aflembled at the next general quarter feflions of the peace to be holden for the county, (hire, or ftewartry, where fuch judgment or order (hall have been made ; which faid juftices of the peace, or the major part of them, are hereby im-powered to hear and finally determine the fame ; and no writ of certiorari (hall be allowed or brought to fet afide any determination of the faid juftices.

XXV.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid* That the party or parties fo appealing (hall give notice in writing, by the fpace of fix days next before fuch feflions (hall be held as aforefaid, to the party or parties of the other fide, of his, her, or their intention to bring fuch appeal; and that it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftices, or thp major part of them, in their quarter feflions, to award cofts to either party as they (hall, in their difcretion, think fit, to be levied by warrant of the juftices of the peace of fuch county, (hire, or ftewartry, or any two or more of them, on the goods and chattels of the party or parties againft whom the fame (hall be awarded.

XXVI.  Provided always, That in cafe there be not the fpace of fix days between the firft judgment or order of the two juftices, and the quarter feflions then next following, that then

U 2  the

291

or (laving any cyder or j>er-ry after'(ei-zure made thereof.

Informations for offences

f ainit this a& y the makers of cyder or perry, to be laid within 3 months after committed; and notice thereof to bo given them.

Perfons aggrieved by the judgment of any juftices of the peace, touching the-duties or penalties, may appeal to the quarter feflions j and the determination of the faid court is to be final.

Appellants to give notice to the other parties,

and court to award cofts.

For want of

fufficient time intervening, appeal may

292

be made to the fecond

Suarter fef-ons.

A re-hearing to be had ot the merits of the cafe upon appeals;

and defefts of form in the original proceedings may be rectified by the court.

All powers, rules, methods, penalties, and dau ies in aft is Car. II. or in any other aft relating to the revenue of excife,

where not altered by this aft, to be put in execution with refpeft to the duties on cyder and perry.

How the penalties and forfeitures relating thereto are to be recovered, mitigated, and applied.

Anna tertio Geo*gh IIL c. 12*

the appeal may be made at the fecond quarter feffions after fuch judgment or order made.

XXVII.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That upon each and every *fuch appeal and appeals, the juftkes aflembled at fuch quarter feffions refpeftively, (hall and may proceed to re-hear, re-examine, and re-confider the truth and merits of the fadt and fadts in qneftion between the parties to fuch original judgment and judgments refpedtively, and to re-examine the witnefles thereto upon oath; and that thereupon the faid juftices b aflembled (hall and may finally determine of and concerning the truth and merits of the fadt, and fa&s in queftion; and if at fuch quarter feffions any defedk or defects of form (hall be found in fuch proceedings, before the particular juftices who gave fuch original Judgment or judgments, that then and in every fuch cafe, luch defied! or defedis of form (hall and may be redtified by the order or orders of fuch juftices fo aflembled in fuch quarter feffions.

XXVIII.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That. all and every the powers, authorities, rules, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, which in and by an ad! made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles tne Second, intituled,^ aft for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights firvice and purveyance, andfor fettling a revenue upon his Majejly in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Majefty*s revenue of excife upon beer, ale, or other liquors, are provide^ fettled, or eftablifhed, for fecuring, enforcing, managing, railing, levying, colledting, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging or afcertaining, the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, ana puailhing, frauds relating thereto, (not otherwife altered by this adl) (hall he cx-ercifed, pradtifed, applied, ufed, impofed, levied, recovered, and put in execution, for the fecuring, enforcing, managing, raifing, levying, colledting, paying, mitigating, and adjudging, afcertaining and recovering, the duties on cyder and perry, and penalties hereby granted, and for preventing, detedting, and punilbing, frauds relating thereto, as fully and effe&uaily, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, authorities, rules, diredtions, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enadted in the body of this prefent adi.

XXIX.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, impofed by fuch pan of this adt as relates to cyder and perry, (hall be fued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by fuch ways^ means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be feed for, recovered, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excife, or by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or intormation, in any of his Ma-jefty’s courts of record at JVeftminJler, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland refpedtively; and that one moiety of every luch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Majefly, hi*>

.  heirs

v^ooQle

*93

heirs, and fucceflbrs, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall difcover, inform, or foe for die fame.

XXX.  And whereas the duty by this adt impofed on cyder

and perry, is required to be paid hy the makers thereof: and whereas in the cafe of importation of cyder or perry from the Duty on cyder iflands of Jerfiy, Guernjiy, Sari, or Alderney, the makers of brought'Lni cyder or perry imported from thence cannot be charged with jcrfev.Guem-the faid duty; be it therefore enadied by the authority aforefaid, fey, Sark, or That the faid duty of four (hillings per hogfhead (hall be paid  to

by the importer from the faid iftends, or cither of them, be- Ihe^mporter fore the landing thereof, to the colle&or or other officer of before land-* excife, at the port to which fuch cyder pr perry (hall be brought; ing,

and upon neglcdt or refofal to pay the faid duty, fuch cyder or on penalty of

perry fhall be forfeited, aijd (fall and may be feized by any  vi

officer of excife.  /  an or eii e .

XXXI.  And be it further eroded and declared by the autho- Tbfc monies

rity aforefaid. That in the office of the auditor of the receipt of ~fpel§ive du-the exchequer books fhall be provided and kept, in which all ties granted" the monies arifing by the additional impofitions, rates, and du- by this a61 to ties, upon wines and vinegar by this adl granted, and the du- be entered in ties by this adt granted upon cyder and peny, and refpedliveJy f^E^audi * paid into the faid receipt, fhall be feparately entered, diftinct tor’s office^fe-and apart from each other and from all other monies paid or pay* parately from able to his Majefly, his heirs, or fucceflors, upon any account each other. Whatsoever; and the faid monies fo arifing from the laid addi- ^i^^monTes • tional impofitions, rates, and duties upon wines and ^vinegar, ancj tobe a * and the faid duties upon cyder and perry, and paid into the faid fond for the receipt of exchequer, fhall be the fund lor ttye purpofes herein following pur-after mentioned.  P°fes- .

XXXII.  And be it further enafted and declared by the autho- The faid du-^ rity aforefaid. That the annuities which by this adt are herein for foe™* after directed to attend the principal fum of three millions and payment of five hundred thoufand pounds, fhall be charged and chargeable the annuities upon, and payable out of, the faid additional impofitions, rates, chargeable on and duties by this adt granted upon wines and vinegar, and the }^^*ncip dudes granted by this adt upon cyder and perry, compofing the 3,roo,oool. fund hereby eftablifhed for the payment thereof; and the faid borrowed on additional impofitions, rates, and duties upon wines and vine- the credit of gar, and the faid duties upon cyder and perry, are hereby ap- thl8 propriated for that purpofe accordingly.

XXXIII.  And whereas the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, have refolved. That towards the fupply granted to his Majcfty in this prefent feffion of parliament, the fum of three millions and five hundred thoufand pounds be rai-fed in manner following; that is to fay, The fum of two millions and eight hundred thoufand pounds by annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum9 transferable at the bank of England, and redeemable by parliament; and the fum of feven hundred thoufand pounds, by two lotteries, to be drawn at different times, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three, each lottery to confift of thirty-five thoufand tic*

234

Subfcribers

Anno tertio Georgji III. c.12.  [1763

kets, and every blank to be of the value of five pounds; the blanks and prizes to be attended with the like transferable and redeemable annuities: and whereas purfuant to and upon the feveral terms and conditions exprefied in the faid refolurion, feveral perfons have, in books opened at the bank of England for that purpofe, fubfcribed together, the whole of the faid fum of three millions and five hundred thoufand pounds, and made depofits with the ca(hieror cafhiers of the governor andcompa-ny of the bank of England\ of twelve pounds and ten (hillings, per centum, in part of the fums fubfcribed towards the faid fum of two millions and eight hundred thoufand pounds, and of ten pounds per centum, in part of the fum fubfcribed towards railing the fum of three hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, upon each of the faid lotteries 5 be it therefore enadtea by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for all ^^ant perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to a resolution who, on or before the fifteenth day of March, one thoufand °VnsC have ^even hundred md fixty-three, (hall have fubfcribed towards made* depofits la*d fums, and made in refpedt thereof fuch depofits as *-of 121. ios. forefaid, to advance and pay,' and they or their executors, ad-per cent, of miniftrators, fucceffors, and afligns, are hereby required to bribed1?)fUb advancc and PaY unto the cafhier or cafhiers of the faid gover-themC, towards nor and company of the bank of England, which cafhier or the purchafe cafhiers is and are hereby appointed the receiver and receivers of annuities of fuch contributions, without any other warrant to be had on on1 the fum of that behalf, the feveral remainders of the fums by them re-and°of°io 1. fpedlively fubfcribed towards the faid fum of three millions and per cent, in five hundred thoufand pounds, at or before therefpedrive rimes the fum of or days, and in the proportions herein after limited andappoint-on°each of t?e ec* on behalf» that ls to &>% *n ^fpeft °f their proportion-lotteries,°areC able (hare the fiud fum of two millions and eight hundred to make their thoufand pounds, the further fum of twelve pounds and ten further pay. (hillings per centum, being part of the fum fo remaining, or or ^>e^ore t^ie tent^ daY May^ one thoufand feven hundred and t heir propor- fixty-three; the further fum of twelve pounds and ten (hillings tional (hare of^r centum, other part thereof, on or before the fixteenth day of of »,890,0001. June then next following; the further fum of twelve pounds nl. 10 s. per an(j ten (billings per centum, other part thereof, on or before the twenty-firft day of July then next following; the further fum of twelve pounds and ten (hillingsper centum, other part thereof, on or before the thirtieth day of Auguft then next following; the further fum of twelve pounds and ten (hillings per centum, other part thereof, on or before the twenty-feyenth day of September then next following; the further fum of twelve pounds and ten (hillings 12I. 10 s. per per centum, other part thereof, on or before the twenty-firft day cent, by 30 Gf Oftober then next following; and the remaining fum of twelve pounds and ten (hillings per centum, on or before the twenty-fourth day of November then next following; and in refpedt of their proportionable (hare of the monies to be contributed on the firft lottery, the remaining fum of ninety pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-firft day of April, one thoufand feven 6  ..  hundred

cent, by 10 May,

11I. ios. per cent, by 16 June,

nl ios. per cent, by 11

J»iy.

Auguft, it I. ios. per cent, by 27 Sept.

12 1.10 s. per cent, by 21 October, and the re -

1763.] Anno tcrtio Georgii III. c. 12.

hundred and fixty-three, for completing the payments in re-ifbetft of the faid lottery ; and in relpeft of their proportionable mare of the monies to be contributed on the fecond lottery, the remaining fum of ninety pounds per centum^ on or before the eleventh day of Oliober then next following, for completing the payments in refpeft of fuch fecond lottery, per cent, by ai April, and of the fecond lottery, 901. per cent, by 11

*95

miming ia 1. 10 «. per cent by *4 November, 1765 ; and in refpeft of the monies in the firft lottery, 901. Oft. 1763.

XXXIV.  And be it further enafted by the authority afore* Annuitants faid. That the feveral fubfcribers or contributors, their execu- hititled to 4 U tors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and affigns, in refpeft of the tere^on tbe laid fum of two millions and eight hundredkthoufand pounds, faid fum of fhall be intitled to an annuity after the rate of four pounds per a,«oo5oool. centum per annum, for and upon every one hundred pounds by and to a ticket them rcfpe^tively fubfcribed, advanced, and paid towards the in each lotte-faid fum, redeemable by parliament; and (hall alfo for every

eighty pounds fo fubfcribed towards the faid fum of two milli- ed, ’upon^ay-ons and eight hundred thouland pounds, be intitled to a ticket mentof 101. in each of the laid lotteries, upon payment of the fum of ten for fuch ticket, pounds for every fuch ticket; and that the fum of feven hun- TyCI°u dred thoufand pounds fo raifed by the faid lotteries, (hall carry {^ttcries^o ° an annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum% carry an unredeemable by parliament; and that all the faid annuities (hall nuity 0*41. commence and be computed from the fifth day of Aprils one P*r cc.n*-thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three, and (hall be paid by take p\ace on half-yearly payments, in even and equal portions, on the tenth 5 April, 1763. day of Oftober and the fifth day of April in every year.  and to be paid

half-yearly, viz. on 10 Oft. and 5 April.

XXXV.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, n^bj^he

That all fuch fubfcribers or contributors, their executors, ad- whole^of tiicir miniftrators, fucceflors, and afiigns, paying in the whole of fubferiptions the fums by them refpeftively fubfcribed towards the faid fum towards the of two millions and eight hundred thoufand pounds, on or be- ^ fum 0.^ fore the eighteenth day of October, one thoufand feven hundred  18°n

and fixty-three; or paying in the whole of the fums fubfcribed oft. towards the firft lottery, on or before the twentieth day of or toward* the April, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three 5 or paying ftrft lottery on in the whole of the fums fubfcribed towards the fecond lottery, Aprorto*0 on or before the tenth day of Oftober then next following j (hall wards the fe-be intitled to an allowance of fo much money as the intereft of cond lottery the refpeftive fums fo paid in (hall amount to, after the rate ofon

three pounds per centum per annum, from the day on which fuch aSowed^ bite-payments (hall have been aftually made, to the twenty-fourth ^ jor the day of November, one thoufand (even hundred and fixty-three, lame, at the in refpeft of the monies fo paid for completing their contribu- rate ofjl. per tions to the faid fum of two millions and eight hundred thou- the time fand pounds ; and to the twenty-firft day of April, one thou- 0f fuch pay-fand feven hundred and fixtv-three, in refpeft of the monies fo ment, to *4 paid for completing their contributions forthe firft lottery $ and Nuv.in refpeft to the eleventh day of Oftober^ one thoufand feven hundred fo^of and fixty-three, in refpeft of the monies fo paid for completing »f8oo,oool. their contributions for the fecond lottery \ wliich allowances and to »i

U 4  #  (hall  AP^ 1“ «•

2 $6  Anno  tertio Georgii III. c.1’2.

fpeft of tbc tft (hall be paid by the faid calhiers out of the monies To contri-lottrry, and United refpeftively, as foon as fuch fubferibers or contributors, the fecond°n their exccutor^ adminiftrators, fucceflors, or afiigns, fhaD hare lottery.  completed fuch  refpeftive payments; and that all the fubferibers

And thofe  or contributors  towards the faid lotteries, their executors, ad-

PayinS the miniftrators, fucceflors, or affigns, paying in the whole of the their fubfcrip- ^ms fabfcribed towards each or either of the (aid lotteries, tion towards  (hall alfo have  tickets for the lottery, in relpeft whereof every

each of the  fuch payment  (hall be completed, delivered to them to the

faid lotteries, amount of the fums fo refpeftivcly paid, at the rate of ten delivered0^5 P°unc^s f°r each ticket, as foon as fuch tickets can conveniently them to the a- be made out. mount of their fubferiptions.

Annuities XXXVI. And be it further enafted, That all the annuities irTh/hank aforefaid (ball be transferable at the bank of England.

Ca(hier of the  XXXVII. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-

bank to give fewl, That the cathier or ca(hiers of the governor and company receipts for  of the bank of England, who (hall have received or (hall receive

the monies  any part of the faid contributions towards the faid fum of two

paid in >  millions and eight hundred thoufand pounds, (hall give a re-

ceipt or receipts in writing to every fuch contributor for all fuch p liable at ^ums> that the receipts to be given (hall be afljgnable, by in-any tfm/be- dorfement thereupon made, at any time before the fifth day of fore 5 Dec, December, one thoufand feven hundred and (ixty-three, and no 17^3-  longer.

GUhier to AXXVIII. Provided always, That fuch ca(hier or cafhkrs give fecurity * (hall give fecurity to the good liking of any three or more of the commiflioners of the treasury, or the high treafurer for the tune being, for duly anfweringand paying into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer for the publick ufe, all the monies which they have already received, and (hall hereafter receive from time to time, of and for the faid fum of three millions and five hundred thoufand pounds, and for accounting duly for the lame, and for and to pay the performance of the truft hereby in them repofed; and (hall monies into fr°m time to time pay all fuch monies as foon as he or they the exche-  (hall receive the fame, or any part thereof, or within five days

quer.  afterwards at the fartheft, and (hall account for the fame in the

exchequer, according to the due courfe thereof, deducting thereout fuch fums as (hall have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this aft ; for which fums fo paid allowance (hall be made in his or their accounts.

Tteafti to XXXlX. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-apply'ftMB ° fa^> That it (hall and may be lawful for three or more of the monies to the commiflioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time Services voted being, to iffiie and apply, from time to time, all fuch fums of by the com-  money as fhall be fo paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s ex-

mons.  chequer by the faid cafhier or ca(hiers, to fuch fervices as (hall

then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain in this prefent feflion of parliament.

XL. And

L-ooQle

iy6s.] Anno terfib GftbRGii III, c.n.  297

XL. And Be it farther enafted by the authority kforeftid, Contributors That in the office of the accomptant-gerieiial of thegovemtfr ******* &j *to and company of the bank of England for the time being, a book th/officc 0? or books (hall be provided and kept, in which the narties Of the the accomptr contributors fhall be fairly entered $ which boOk or books the ant-gencral of faid refpeftive contributors, their refpeftive executors, tfdtiiini- tilc ftrators, fucceflbrs, and affigns, (hall and may, from tlftife to time, and at all feafonable times, refbrt to and infpeft ’without any fee or charge; and that the faid accountant-general (hall, on or before the fifth day of July, one fhou&rid feven hundred tr^mittcd and fixty-fiye, tfanfmit an attefted duplicate, fairly Written dn into theau-paper,, of the laid book or books into the office of the auditor ditor’s office of the receipt of Kis Majefty's exchequer, there to refrain for hrs W7* ever.  17650

X*LI. Arid be it farther fenafted by the atithority afbrefaid. Contributors Thatfuch contributors, diily paying the whole furti or films P.ayinS Tuhfcribed at or before the refpeftive times iti this aftlimited fa ftriptions", ib-that 1>ehalf, and their refpeftive executors, adtniniftrators, fuc- titled to a* ceflors and affigns, fhall have, receive, and enjoy, and be ia- proportional titled by virtue of this aft, to have, receive, and enjoy their pro- ibaxe in the portionable (hare of the faid annuities of four pounds per un~ turn per annum, by this aft granted, and fhall have ^obd and parliament, fare interefts and eftates therein, fubjeft neverthelefs to redemption, as is herein after mentioned; and that all the annuities by the ftme this aft granted fhall be free from all taxes, charges, and impo- be tax free, fitions whatfoever.

XLIL Provided always. That in cafe any fuch contributors Contributors who have already depouted with, or fhall hereafter pay to, the “otmaking faid cafhier or calhiers, any fum or fums of money at the times S00® and in the manner before mentioned, in part of the fum or fums ^thin the fo by them refpeftively fubferibed towards the faid fum of two tune limited, millions and eight hundred thoufand pounds, or their refpeftive to forfeit their executors, adtniniftrators, fucceflbrs, or affigns, fhall not ad- dcP°fits> vance and pay to the faid cafhier or calhiers the refidue of the fum or fums. fo fubferibed at the times and in the manner before mentioned, then, and in every fuch cafe, fo much of the refpeftive fum or fums fo fubfenbed as fhall have been aftually paid in part thereof to the faid caftiier or calhiers fhall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick 5 and all right and title to and all right the faid annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum per an- to the faid num in refpeft thereof, fhall be extinguifhed; any thing in this annuities, aft contained to the contrary thereof in any wife itotwith-ftanding.

XL1U. And be it farther enafted by the authority aforefaid, Principal fums That as foon as any contributors, their executors, adminiftra- to be placed tors, fucceflbrs, or affigns, fhall have completed their payments ref^ec-of the whole fum payable by them refpeftively towards the faid ^>ntn!C* fum of two millions and eight hundred thousand pounds, the butorss principal fum or fumsfo by them fubferibed and paid refpeftively, (hall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of fach refpeftive contributors., their executors,

298

Anno tertio Georgii III. c.12;  [1763.

cutors, adminiftrators, fuccdTors and alfigns completing fuch payments refpedively; and the perfons to whofe credit fuch prmcipal futn (hall be fo placed, their refpedive executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors or afligns, (hall and may have power to The fame may aflign and transfer the fame, or any part, (hare, or proportion be affigned, thereof, to any other perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, in the books of the bank of England: and fuch Turns (hall carry an annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum per armumy redeemable bv parliament, and (hall be taken and deemed to be ftock transferable, according to the true intent and meaning of this ad, until redemption thereof in fuch manner as is herein after mentioned.

XLIV. And it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if at any time or times it (hall happen that the produce of dUblifhedfor the fund by this ad eftabli(hed for payment of the (aid an-the ftid an* nu*ties, A12" not be fofficient to pay and difeharge the fame, imities, to be and other charges direded to be paid at the end of any or either made good of the refpedive half-yearly days of payment, at which the (ame are hereby direded to be paid; then and fo often, and in every fuch cafe, fuch deficiency or deficiencies (hall and may be fupplied out of any of the monies which at any time or times (hall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the fur-plufles, excefles, overplus monies, and other revenues compof-rng the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except fuch monies of the faid finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any former ad or ads of parliament in that behalf;) and fuch monies of the faid finking fund (hall and may be from time to time iflued and applied accordingly; and if, at any time or times before any monies of the faid duties lhall be brought into the exchequer as aforefaid, there (halJ happen to be a want of money for paying the faid annuities, which (hall be adually incurred and grown due at any of the half-yearly days of payment before mentioned, that then, and in every fuch cafe, the money fo wanted (hall and may be fupplied out of the monies of the finking fund (except as before excepted) and be iflued accordingly.

XLV. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That whatever monies (hgll be iflued out of the fink-

and carry annuities of 4I. per pent.

Deficiencies of the fund

from time to time out of the finking

fund a

which are to be replaced

fition of parliament.

out of the firll ing fund, (hall from time to time be replaced by and out of the fupplies. firft fupplies to be then after granted in parliament.

Surplus mo- XLy I. Provided always, and be if enaded by the authority nies referved aforefaid. That in cafe there (hall be any farplys or remainder for the difpo- of the faid additional impofitions, rates, and duties, upon wines and vinegar, and of the faid duties upon cyder and perry, by this a d granted and eftabliftied, as the fund for payment of the faid annuities, after, the faid annuities and charges and all arrears thereof are fatisfied, or money fufficient (hall be referved for that purpofe; fuch furplus or remainder (hall from time to time be referved for the difpofition of parliament, and (hall not be iflued but by the authority of parliament, and as lhall be direded by future ,^d or ads qf parliament; any thing in any . '  "  '  former

1763 ]  ' Anno tertio GeoRGH III. c.12.  299

former or other ad or ads of parliament to the contrary not-withftanding.

XLVn. And, for eltablifhing a proper method for drawing Managers and the Cud lotteries, be it further enaded by the authority afore- <hredortof faid. That fuch perfons as any three or more of the com- ^Vppolnted miffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or the high treafurer for by thetrea-the time being, (hall nominate or appoint, (hall be managers fury, and diredors for preparing and delivering out tickets, ana to overfee the drawing of lots, and to order, do, and perform, fuch other matters and things as are hereafter in and by this ad directed and appointed by fuch managers and diredors to be done and performed; and that fuch managers or diredors (hall meet together, from time to time, at fome publick office or place for the execution of the powers and trufts in them repofed by this ad ; and that the laid managers and diredors, or fo many of Method of them as (hall be prefent at any fuch meeting, or the major the lottery part of them, (hall, for each of the faid lotteries, caufe books to be prepared, in which every leaf (hall b$ divided or diftinguilhed into three columns; and upon the innermqft of the faid three columns there (hall be printed thirty-five thou&nd tickets, to 35,000 tickets be numbered I, II, III, and fo onwards in an arithmetical pro- to be printed greffion, where the common excefs is to be one, until they rife off. to and for the number of thirty-five thoufand ; and upon the middle column in every of the (aid books (hall be printed thirty-five thouiand tickets of the fame breadth and form, and numDered in like manner; and in the extreme column of the faid books there (hall be printed a third rank or feries of tickets, of the fame number with thofe of the other two columns; which tickets (hall feverally be of an oblong figure, and in the faid books (hall be joined with oblique lines, nourifhes, or devices, in fuch manner as the faid managers and directors, or the major part of them, (hall think moft fafe and convenient; and that every ticket in the faid third or extreme column of the faid books, for the firft lottery, (hall have written or printed thereupon (befides the tmmbcr of fuch ticket) words to this effedl;

FIRST LOTTERY, 1763.

THE bearer hereof is infilled to five , in amtui-tieSyat the rate offour pounds per centum per annum, attending the firft lottery, to be drawn purfuant to an ail of parliament made in the third year of bis Majefty's reignt or to a better chance.

and that every ticket in the third or extreme columi} of the faid books, for the fecond lottery, (hall have written or printed thereupon (befides the number of fuch ticket) words to this effcfl:

$F.COND

Goode

goo

Anno tertfo ’GeougiT III. c. ia. f 1763.

SECOND LOTTERY, 1763.

THE bearer lh(redf is intttted ‘to ‘five founds, its

. ties, at ‘the rate of fouper centum per annum, attending Ihe fecond lottery, to be drawn purfuant to an all of parliament made in the third year of bis Majefty's reign,

. or to n better chance.

Managers to XLVIII. And it Is hereby ena&ed, that the laid managers examine the and directors, or fb many of them-, as (Hall be prefent at a Jh0*1-* Wfth theethig, or the major part of them then rprefcnt, -fhal and deliver cdrefolly examine ithe laid refpe<5ttve boohs, "with the tickets thern after to 'therein, and 'take care that the fame be contrived, numbered, the calhiers ofand made, ticcdfdit% to the true intent and meaning of this "ad, the bank, tak- and Ihdll deliver, or caufe to be delivered, the fame books, and for the feme. ‘leveiTor tuiy'of'them refpedtively, as they ihall’be examined, to the Idid calhler or calhiers, taking from filch calhieror caftriers, an adtnowied^ment in Writing Under his or their hand or hands.

importing his or their receipt of fiich book or books, and to many'tickets therein as fhail be delivered to him or them re-

Calhiers, to fpecftively • and all and every fuch calhler or ealhiers fefpedtrvety aTue a ticket 'js and are hereby directed and required, upon bis Or their re-recdvecT 17ceiving every or any entire film of ten pounds, in full payment ’  '  of a ticket, for either of the faid lotteries, from any perron or

a.A.  ml ^ < A. - _aZ 1 - J A. M   — _ a. J J.fcl .a J—mm ■ ^ C  £-1 _ ■ A. — AS ^ ^

perfons contributing or adventuring as aforefaid, to cut a ticket For fiich reljje&lve lottery. Out of the faid extreme column, in one ofthe books (b to be put into his or their cuftody, through the faid ObliqUe lines, flourilhes, or devices, indentwife, whidi ticket the'fald calhier or calhiers (hall fign with his or their own name or names; and he or they (hall permit the contributor, if it be deli red, to write his or her name or mark on the cor-refpOndiilg tlcket in the fame book-; and at the feme time the faid calhler or calhiers (hall deliver to the faid contributor the ticket fo cut off, which he, (he, or they, are to keep and ufe for the better afcCrtaining and fecuring the intereft which he, Ihe, or they, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, or alfigprs, (hall or may have in the ferd fund.

Calhiers to  - XLIX. And be it farther enabled by the authority aforefeid,

return the  That the faid cafhier or calhiers (hall, at or before the refpeflive

books with the t;mes herein after limited, redeliver to the faid managers and th^tidfets °* directors, • at their office or place of meeting, all the faid books, undilpoied, in and therein all the tickets which the faid calnier or calhiers (hall reipea ofthe not have'cut out and delivered to the refpe£tive contributors as k  ]0£tTy:aforefaid; that is to fay, fuch of the faid books and tickets is

and oftlJe* relate to the firft lottery, (hall be fo redelivered on or before the fecond, by *9 fourth day of A/dy, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three; Ottobcr i and fuch of the laid books and tickets as relate to the fecond

lottery, lhall be fo redelivered on or before the twenty-ninth • day bfOchbtr, one thopfand feven hundred and fixty-three j

and

Anno terriaGeougii m. c,u.

and the faid cafhier ojc caflfyers /haft, at th& time of Afch rede- and account

livery of the faid tefpeftive books^ give to the f^id managers ^rtV®?0lues>

and direftors, a true and iuft account in writing, wder his

their hand or hands, of all fums of money which (hall then'

have been received by him or them, for and upon account of

the lottery in refpeft whereof fuch boohs (hall be fo redelivered,

and how much of fuch monies (hall have been a.ftually paid by

fuch cafhier or carriers into the receipt of the exchequer, tor

the purpofes herein mentioned; and that the faid managers J*ck^un*

and direftors, or the major part of them, which (hall be pre-,be Slivered

fent as aforefaid, (hall forthwith caufe all the tickets of the (aid into the

outermoft columns^ which (hall not have been delivered to the chequer,

contributors as aforefaid, if any fuch be, to be delivered into the

receipt of his Majefty's exchequer, thqre to be retained and kept

as calh, to be iflued, fold, and difpofed of, for railing money for.

the purpofes in this aft mentioned, as any three of the com-

roimoners of his Majefty’s treafury, or the high treafurer for the

time being, (hall judge reafonable and fitting.

L. Ana be it further ena&ecL That the faid managers and Tickets of the direftors, or the major part of them which (hall be prefent at tobe any meeting as aforefaid, (hall caufe aft the tickets of the mid- roue<j up> ^ die columns in the books made out with three columns as fattened with aforefaid, which (hall be delivered back to them, hv or from the >

(aid caftiier or ca(hiers as aforefaid, to be carefully rolled up and made fail with thread or filk $ and the faid managers o»r directors, or the major part of them as aforefaid, (hall in their prefence, and in the prefence of fuch contributors or adventurers as will be there, caufe all the faid tickets which are to ^ an fo rolled up and made fait as aforefaid, to be put pff indentwife indentwjfe through the faid oblique lines, flourifhes, or deyices, into a hqx into a ,>ox. to be prepared for that purpoie, and to be marked with the let- ,?a,|k<d ter (A) which is prefently to be put up into another ftrong box, g  '

and to be locked with feven different locks and keys to be kept locked up and by as many of the faid managers, and fealed with their feals or foaled, the feals of foine of them, until the faia tickets are to be drawn as is herein after mentioned, ai>d that the tickets in the firft or jnnermoft columns of the faid books, (hall remain (till in the books, for difeovering any miftake or fraud (if any fuch fhould happen to be committed) contrary fo the true meafliug of tliis aft.

LI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Books to be That the faid managers and direftors, or the major part of prepared with them, which (hall be prefent at any meeting as aforefaid, (halltwo co!u“i?s§ alfo prepare, or caufe to be prepared, other books for each °f the laid lotteries, in which every leaf (hall be divided or dif- tickets to be tinguilhed into two columns; and upon the innermoft of thofe printed, two columns there fhall be printed tliirty-five thoufand tickets for each lottery; and upon the outermoft of the faid two columns there fhall be printed thirty-five thoufand tickets; all which fhall be of equal length and oreadth, as near as may be; which two columns in the (aid refpeftive books (hall be joined

with

302

The number and value of the fortunate tickets*

Anno tcrtio Georgii III. c.12.  [1763,

with Tome flourish or device, through which the outermoft tickets may be cut off indentwife; and that in each lottery five thoufand eight hundred tickets, part of thofe to be contained in the olitermoft columns of the books laft mentioned, (hall be and be called the fortuhate tickets, to which extraordinary benefits (hall belong, as is herein aftermentioncd; and the faid managers and directors, or the major part of them, or fuch of them as (hall be prefent at any meeting as aforefaid, (hall caufe the faid fortunate tickets for eatch lottery to be written upon, or otherwifc exprefled, as well in figures as in words at length, in ‘The number manner following; that is to fay, upon two of them feverally, and value of ten thoufand pounds, principal money; upon two of them feve-ttefertunate rally, five thoufand pounds, principal money ; upon everyone of uckets. four of them feverally, two thoufands pounds, principal money;

upon every one of ten of them feverally, one thoufand pounds, principal money; upon every one of twenty-feven of them feverally, five hundred pounds, principal money; upon every one of one hundred and twenty-five of them feverally, one hundred pounds, principal money; upon every one of five hundred and thirty of them feverally, fifty pounds, principal money; upon every one of five thoufand and one hundred of them feverally, twenty pounds, principal money: which principal fums fo to be written, or otherwise exprefled upon the faid fortunate tickets in each lottery, together with five hundred pounds, principal money, to be allowed to the owner of the firft drawn ticket, and one thoufand pounds, principal money, to the owner of the laft drawn ticket in each lottery, over and above the benefits which may happen to belong to tne two laft mentioned tickets and together with the fum or five pounds to be paid or allowed for and upon each blank or unfortunate ticket of the (aid lotteries, will amount in the whole, for each lottery, to the principal fum of three hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, to be converted into annuities by virtue or this aft, in refpeft of the (aid Tickets of th ^otter*es > an<* t^e faid managers and direftors, or the major outermoft * Part °f them, who (hall be prefent at any meeting as aforefaid, columns of (hall caufe all the faid tickets contained in the outermoft co-the laft men- lumns of the faid laft mentioned books for each lottery, to be in the prefence of the faid managers and direftors, or the major part of them, which (hall be prefent at any meeting as aforefaid, and in the prefence of fuch contributors or adventurers as will then be there, to be carefully rolled up and fattened with thread or filk, and carefully cut out indentwife through the faid flouri(h or device, into another box to be prepared for this pur-pofe, and to be marked with the letter (B) which box (hall be put into another ftrong box, and locked up with feven different locks and keys, to be kept by as many of the faid managers, locked up and and fealed up with their feals, or the feals of fome of them, until lealcd. thefe tickets (hall alfo be drawn in the manner and form herein after mentioned ; and that the whole bufinefs of rolling up and cutting off, and putting into the faid boxes the faid tickets, and locking up and fealing the faid boxes, (hall be performed refpec-

tivcly

500I. to the firft drawn ticket, and xoool. to the laft drawn. Value of the blanks.

tioned book to be rolled up and tied,

and cot out indentwife, iuto a box marked with the letter (B) Box to be

1763.]  Anno  tertio  Georgii  III.  cf 12.  303r

tivcly by the faid managers and directors, or fuch of them as aforefaid, before the laft fix days immediately preceding the day by this aft appointed for the drawing the refpeftive lottery, to which fuch bufinefs (hall relate: and to the end every perfon Publick no* concerned may be well allured that the counterpart of the fame t\cvceJl00fC number with his or her ticket is put into the box marked  pilN

with the letter (A) from whence* the fame may be drawn, and ting the tick-that other matters are done as hereby direftea, fome publick «t« into the notification in print lhall be given ot the precife time or times boxcs-of putting the faid tickets for each of the faid lotteries into the faid boxes, to the end that fuch adventurers as lhall be minded to fee the fame done, may be prefent at the doing thereof.

LIL And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Firft lottery That on or before the thirtieth day or May, one thoufand feven to begin hundred and fixty-three, the faid managers and direftors lhall Rawing on caufe the faid feveral boxes, with all the tickets therein for the May}°and° firft lotteiy, and on or before the twenty-eighth day of November, the fecond, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three, the laid managers on or before and direftors (hall caufe the faid feveral boxes with the tickets 28 Nov< therein for the fecond lottery, to be refpeftively brought into the Guildhall of the city of London, fo* that the fame may be there, and placed on a table provided for that purpofe, by nine of the dock in the forenoon of the faid refpeftive days, and (hall then and there feverally atten.d this fervice, and caufe the two boxes, containing the laid tickets, to be feverally taken out Method to be of the other two boxes, in which they lhall have oeen locked obferved in up; and the tickets or lots in the refpeftive innermoft boxes <h*awing'&c# being, in the prefence of the faid managers and direftors, or fuch of them as lhall be then prefent, and of fuch adventurers as will be there for the fatisfaftion of themfelves, well lhaken and mingled in each box diftinftlv ; fome one indifferent and fit perfon, to be appointed and directed by the faid managers, or the major part ot them, or fuch of them as lhall be then prefent, lhall take out and draw one ticket from the box where the faid numbered tickets lhall be as aforefaid put; and one other indifferent and fit perfon, to be appointed and direfted in like manner, (hall take out a ticket or lot from the box where the faid five thoufand eight hundred fortunate, and the twenty-nine thoufand two hundred blanlc tickets (hall be promifcuoufly put as aforefaid; and immediately both the tickets fo drawn lhall be opened, and the number, as well of the fortunate as the blank ticket, lhall be named aloud; and if the ticket taken or drawn from the box containing the fortunate and blank lots lhall appear to be a blank, then the numbered ticket fo drawn with the laid blank at the fame time drawn, lhall be both put upon one file; and if the ticket fo drawn or taken from the box containing the fortunate and blank lots (hall appear to be one of the fortunate tickets, then the principal fum written upon fuch for^ tunate ticket, whatfoever it be, mail be entered by a clerk, which the faid managers, or the major part of them as aforefaid, (hall employ and overfee for thi* purpofe, into a book to be kept for

entering

Cj oogle

3?4

After each day's drawing, the boxes tobe locked , up and fealed.

Numbers of the fortunate tickets, and the Turns, in each lottery, to be printed. Difputes relating thereto, to be ad-jufted by the managers. Penalty of forgingtickets or certificates,

Felony.

Anno tertio Georgii. III. Cii2. [*763;

entering die numbers coming up with the laid fortunate tickets, and tfce principal fums whereunto they (hall be intitled refpec-tively, and two of the laid managers thall let their names as witnefies to fuch entries; and the laid fortunate and numbered tickets fo drawn together, (hall be put upon another file; and fo thefaid drawing of the tickets (hall continue, by taking one ticket at a time out of each box!, and with opening, naming aloud, and filing the lame, and by entering the fortunate lots in fuch method as is before mentioned, until the; whole number of five thoufapd eight hundred fortupate tickets, and one"more for the laft d^awn as aforefaid, lhall be completely drawn in each lottery $ and as the fame cannot be performed in one day’s time, laid ipapagers or diredors (hall caufe the boxes to be locked up and fealed in manner as aforefaid, and adjourn till the next day, and fo from day to day, and every day (except Sundays, Cbriftnfa^day, thankfgiving and fall days) and then open the fame, and proceed as above, till the faid whole number of five thoufifpd eight hundred fortunate tickets, and one more, (hall be completely drawn in each lottery refpedively as aforelaid; and afterwards the faid numbered tickets lo drawn, with the for-tupate tickets drawn againft the lame, lhall be and remain in a ftrong box locked up as aforelaid, and under the cuftody of the faid manage™) until they lhall take them out to examine, ad-juft, and fettle the prpperty thereof.

LUI. And to the end the fortunate may know, whether ab-fipnt or prefept, to what degree they have been fo, be it enabled. That the laid managers (hajl, as ioon as conveniently may be, aftey the faid drawing of each lottery is over, caufe to be printed and pufclilhed, the number of the tickets drawn againft each for-tunat$ ticket* and the principal fum written op the fame; arid if any contention or difpute lhall arife in the acjjufting the property of the faid fortunate tickets, the major part of the laid managers agreeing therein, lhall determine to whom it doth or ought to belong > and if any peribn or perfons (hall forge or counterfeit any ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, to be made forth by this ad, or alter any the numbers thereof, or utter, vend, barter, or difpofe of, or offer to dilpofe of, any falfe, altered, forged, or counterfeit ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, or mall bring any forged or counterfeit ticket or certificate, or any ticket or certificate the number whereof is altered (knowing the fame to be fuch) to the faid managers, or any of them, or to thecalhieror accomptant general of the bank or England for the time being, or to any other perfon or perfons whatfoever, with a fraudulent intention, then eveiy fuch perfon or perfons being thereof convided indue form otlaw, (hall be adjudged a felon, and lhall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy *, and the faid managers and diredors, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised, required, and impowered, to caufe any perfon or perfons bringing or uttering fuch forged or counterfeit ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates as aforefaid, to be apprehended, and to commit him,

2  her.

iy *>3.] Anno tertio GeoRGII III. c. 12.*  305

her, or them, to his Majefty’fc gaol of ncwgaW, or to the common gaol of the county or place where fuch perfon or perfons fhall be fo apprehended, to be proceeded againft for the faid felony according to law.

LIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enafted by the aU- Managers to rhority aforefaid, That every perfon that (hall be. appointed as befworn. aforefaid, to be a manager and director for putting this aft in execution, before his afting in fuch commiflion, mall take the oath following; that is to fay.

I A. B. do /wear, That I will faithfully execute the truft The oath j repofed in me, as a manager and director of the lotteries, efiablifhed by an aft made in the third year of his prefent Majefty's reign ; and that I will not ufe any indireff art or means, or permit or direS any perfon to ufe any indirect art or means, to obtain a prize or fortunate lot, for myftlf, or any other perfon whatsoever; and that I will do the utmoft of my endeavour to prevent any undue or ftnifier practice to be done by any perfon wbatfoever; and that I will, to the beft of my judgment, declare to whom any prize, lot, or ticket, of right does belong, according to the true intent and meaning of the faid a£l.

which faid oath fhall and may be adminiftered by any two or more of the other managers and directors.  managers.

LV. Provided always. That it (hall and may be lawful tocaihier.on and for the faid caihier or cafhiers, having given fecurity as afore- receiving the faid, at any time or times before fuch cafhier or cafhiers fhall have refidue ofthe received any book or books for the faid refpeftive lotteries from the faid managers, comprehending the ftid thirty-five thoufand 9 tickets for each lottery in three columns as aforefaid, to receive from any perfon or perfons who will voluntarily offer, contribute, and advance the refidue of any fum of ten pounds, or feveral Turns of ten pounds, upon this aft as aforefaid, the Turns fo offered to be contributed or advanced at one entire payment, upon both or either of the faid lotteries, or in fuch proportions and manner as aforefaid, before fuch caihier or cafhiers fhall have received fuch refpedhve book or books; and the faid t0 g*ive cafhier or cafhiers fhall give a note or receipt under his or their ceipts for the hand or hands, for the fum or fums fo contributed, fpecifying farae \ the lottery in refpeft whereof fuch monies are paid ; and and the bear* fhall be obliged thereby, and by this aft, to give the bearer ofers intitledto every fuch note or receipt, a ticket or tickets of the extreme *. lottery column of the three columns book or books aforefaid in the fa me lottery, for every ten pounds fo contributed, paid, or anfwered, pai^ 10 ‘ as foon as he or they fhall be enabled thereunto, by delivery of any fuch book or books to him or them from the faid managers as aforefaid; any tiling herein contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

LVI. Provided alfo. That in cafe any fuch contributor or Contributors, adventurer as aforefaid, who fhall have advanced and paid »ot making VOL. XXV.  X  down  S°od their

infeed, to for feit their de-pofits.

306  Anno tertto Georgii III. c. 12.  [176^

payments down to fuch calhier or calhiers, a proportion of his, her, or theftddlott0r^eir confideration-money towards the faid refpedive lotteries, teries, within ^er> or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors or affigns, the times li- do not advance and pay unto fuch calhier or calhiers the remaining part of his, her, or their confideration-money lb to be paid in full for fuch tickets as aforefaid, on or before the refpec-tive times for paying thereof, as aforefaid, that then, and in every fuch cafe, every fuch contributor or adventurer lhall forfeit and lofe to his Majefty, for the ufe of the publick, the proportion of his, her, or their purchafe-money which he, (he, or they (hall have fo paid down as aforefaid, towards and upon account of the lottery in relation to which fuch default (hall be made$ and in fuch cafe, no ticket or tickets for fuch lottery (hall be delivered out by the (aid calhier or calhiers to fuch contributor or contributors making fuch default, but the ticket and tickets which (hould have been delivered to fuch contributor and contributors, had they paid the full money for the tune, lhall be returned and delivered to the faid managers and directors by the faid calhier or calhiers, together with the other ticket or tickets (if any) in the outermoft column of the relpec-tive book and books firft herein mentioned, and directed to be prepared, which lhall not have been difpofed of to contributors as aforefaid ; and fuch ticket and tickets* upon and for which defaults of payment lhall have been rtiade as aforefaid, (hall be J1?*t0 . delivered into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, with other intotheex- *^ undifpofed tickets (if any) there to be retained and kept as calh, and to be iffued, fold, and difpoled of, for the pur-pofes, and in the manner, herein before diredted and appointed with refpedt to the faid undifpofed tickets ; and the laid contributor and contributors making fuch default, (hall not have or receive, or be intituled to have or receive, any benefit or advantage for or in refpedt of the money which he, (he, or they (hall have paid for or towards the purchafe of fuch ticket or tickets; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LVII. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enadted by the authority aforefaid. That out of the monies to arife by and out of any of managers and the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament, it (hall and clerks, and may ^ lawful to and for any three or more of the commilfionen of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, to re* ward the faid managers and dire&ors, and the clerks and officers to be employed by and under them, and any other officers and perfons that mall and may be any ways employed in this afiair, for their labour and pains, and to difeharge fuch incident expences as lliall neceflarily attend the execution of this aft* in fuch manntr as any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, lhall,from time to time, think fit and reafonable in that behalf; any thing in this adt contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LVIII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That no perfon or perfons lhall fell the chance or chances of any ticket or tickets, or any (hare or (hares of any ticket or tickets,

in

and the tickets for fuch fums to be

chequer.

Treafury to reward the

defray all incidental charges of the lotteiy.

Limitation of fale of chances, &c.

D j by

r?6j •] Anno tcrtio Georgii III. c. 12.  307

meach or cither of the faid lotteries, for a day, or part of a day, or for a longer time lefs than the whole time of drawing the lottery, then to come; or (hall receive any money whatfoever in confideration of tht re-payment of any (urn or lums of money, cafe any ticket or tickets in each or either of the faid lotteries (hail prove fortunate $ or (hall lay any wager relating to the Penalty, drawing of any ticket or tickets, either as to the time of fuch ticket or tickets being drawn, or whether fuch ticket or tickets be drawn fortunate or unfortunate * and all and every perfon and perfons who (hall offend in any of the aforefaid matters,

(hall forfeit and pay treble the fum and (urns of money which (hall have been received by fuch perfon and perfons* contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad ; to be recovered by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Ma-jefty’s courts of record at WeJbninJUr; in which no effoln, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed; one moiety whereof to be for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs, or fucceflors, and the other moiety to be paid to the perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame $ and every fuch fale, wager, or contrad, and every agreement relating thereto, (hall be, and is hereby declared null and void.

UX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Perfons felling That if any perfon or perfons (hall keep any office or offices, or ^kets^f (hall print or publifti any fcheme or propolal, for receiving any which they fum or fums of money in confideration of any intereft to be are not pof* granted for the fame, in any ticket or tickets in each or either ^c(Tcd. of the faid lotteries, whereof fuch perfon or perfons (hall not then be aChially poffeffed 5 or in confideration of any fum or fums of money to be repaid in cafe any ticket, or number of tickets, in each or either of the faid lotteries, which (hall not be in the adual pofleflion of fuch perfon or perfons, (hall prove fortunate or unfortunate 5 all and every fuch perfon and perfons (hall forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds 5 to be re- forfeit 500I. covered by adion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majeft/s courts of record at JVtJlminfter 5 in which no efibin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed ; one moiety whereof to be for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs, or fucceflors, and the other moiety to be paid to the perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame j and alfo (hall fuffer three months imprifonment without bail or mainprize.

LX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Offences com-That if any offence againft this ad, or any of the ads of par- mitted in Ire. liament made in this kingdom, for preventing private and un- afiamlt lawful lotteries, (hall be committed in Ireland, the offender (hall any of ti^ incur the like penalty and punifhment to be inflided in like a&% for pre-manner as if the offence was committed in this kingdom ; and venting un-that fuch penalties as by this ad, or any of the faid ads, are direded to be recovered in any of his Majefty*s courts of re- ptTATrtiable cord at fVeHtmnJlery (hall, in cafe of offences committed againft and the pc-

X 2  this  nalties  may  be

feed for ia

dlubliu.

ooqIc

308

Anno tertio Georgii III. c. 12[1763.'

this a<ft, or any of the faid a6ts, in Ireland, be recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in Dublin. k '

After the LXI. And to the end that all and every the payments, as Rawing of wey Up0n the fortunate as upon the unfortunate tickets, may the tickets’to be more ea6ty afeertained, fettled, and adjufted, for the perfons be exchanged who (hall be and become intitled thereunto ; be it further forcertifi-  enacted by the authority aforefaid, That as foon as conve-

cates.  niently may be, after the drawing of each lottery (hall be com-

pleted and ended, all and every the faid tickets to be given out as aforefaid (hall be exchanged for certificates, to be figned by fuch of the faid managers as (hall be appointed for that pur-pofe.

Managers to LXII. And be it further enabled, That fuch of the faid magi ve notice of nag€rs as any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury, ts&ing™?nthe or t^ie high treafurer for the time being, (hall appoint to take in tickets, and the faid tickets, and deliver out the faid certificates for and in deliveriiyj out lieu thereof (hall give timely notice, by advertifement to be the certin-  printed and publi(hed in manner as they (hall think fit, of the

cates, «c. days anj tjmes for taking in the faid tickets, and delivering out the faid certificates for and in lieu of the fame; and every perfons certificate (hall be numbered in courfe, in refpedfc of each lotteiy, according to their bringing their tickets to the managers (0 to be appointed for exchanging the lame j to which pur-Books to be pofe fuch managers (hall enter,or caufe to be entered into a book kept for en- or books to be by them‘kept for that purpofe for each lottery, MracVofper- t^lc namc evei7 perfon who (hall bring any ticket or tickets foils bringing to be exchanged for fuch certificate or certificates, and the num-tickets to be ber or numbers of the ticket or tickets which (hall be fo brought exchanged ; by fuch perfon or perfons, the value in principal money payable ben oft he”1" thereupon, and the day of the month, and the year of our Lord faid tickets, when the fame was fo brought; which refpedbve book and &c.  *  books (hall lie open in the office to be appointed for taking in

the faid tickets to be exchanged for fuch certificates, for all per-Certificatesto fons concerned to perufe; all which certificates (hall be figned be figned, &c. the managers fo to be appointed^or the major part of them, and be directed to the accomptant-general of the bank of England for the time being.

Accomptant- LXIII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, general of the That the faid accomptant-general of the bank of England for give cred?t for t^le ^me being, to whom the faid certificates are to be directed the principal as aforefaid, (hall, upon receiving and taking in the faid certifi-fuma contain- cates, or any of them, give credit to the perfons named therein, edin thecer- in a book or books to be by him provided and kept, for the an^affign- principal fums contained in every fuch certificate \ and the per-menti may be f°ns t0 whofe credit fuch principal fums (hall be entered in the made of the faid book or books, his, or their executors, adminiftrators, fuc-f*id furas, &c. ceflors, and afllgns, (hall and may have power to affign or transfer the fame, or any part, (hare, or proportion thereof, to any other perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, in books to be prepared and kept by the faid accomptant-general s and the faid principal fums fo entered, affigned, or transferred,

.

1763J  Annotertio Georgii III. c.12.

3°9

ferred, (hall carry the faid annuity of four pounds per centum per Annum^ and (hall be taken and deemed to be (lock transferable by virtue of this aft, until the redemption thereof in manner herein after mentioned$ and the (aid accomptant-general of the and he is to hank of England for the time being is hereby authorized and file and cancel direfted to cancel and file the certificates as they (hall from th*ccrti^' time to time be received and taken in by him, and to give the gtvenote* in perions bringing in the fame, a note under his hand, teftifying fieu thereof, the principal money for which they (hall have credit in the faid book or books by reafon or means of the certificates fo received, taken in, and cancelled as aforefaid, and of the annuities attending the fame.

LXIV. And, for the more easy and fure payment of all the A chief ca-annuities eftablifhed by this aft, be it further enafted by the.fl“er»w|d authority aforefaid. That the faid governor and company of the ^er^to be bank of England, and their fucceflors, (hall, from time to time, appointed by until all the faid annuities, after the rate of four pounds per cen- the bank for turn per annum, (hall be redeemed, appoint and employ one or paying, the more fufficient perfon or perions within their office in the city anmutics» of London, to be their chief or firft cafhier or caftiiers, and one other fufficient perfon within the fame office, to be their ac*-comptant-general 5 and that fo much of the monies applicable Treafury to to this purpofe as (hall be fufficient, from time to time, to anfwer iflue money the faid annuities, and other payments herein direfted to be made out of fiich monies, (hall, by order of the commiflioners j^d cafhier; of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, without any further or other warrant, to be fued for, had, and obtained, in that behalf, from time to time, at the refpeftive days of payment in this aft appointed for payment thereof, be iflued and paid at the faid receipt of exchequer to the faid firft or chief cafhier or cafhiers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceflors for the time being, by way of impreft and upon account, for the payment of the faid annuities payable by virtue of this aft; and that fiich cafliier or cafhiers to whom the faid who t0 a<>

, money (hall from time to time be iflued, (hall from time to COunt for the time, without delay, pay the fame accordingly, and render his fame, or their accounts theicof, according to the due courfe of the 1 er.

. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Accomptant-That the faid accomptant-general for the time being (hall, from general to extime to time, infpeft and examine all receipts and payments °f cdpts and^ the faid calhier or ea(hiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in payments of order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay; and that all the cafhier. perions who (hall be intided to any of the annuities hereby granted, and all perfons lawfully claiming under them, (hall be Annuities poflefled thereof as of a perfonal eftate, which (hall not be de- deemed a per* fcendable to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the MaUftatc,. cuftom of London, or otherwife; any law, ftatute, or caftom, to the contrary notwhhftanding.

*3

LXVI. And

3i°

The monies contributed towards the faid fum of 3,500,000!. to be deemed 1 capital and joint ftock transferrable.

Anno teitio GeoRGII III. c.12.

Oaufe of re* demption.

Transfer books to be kept by the accomptant-general.

Method of

transferrins

ftock.

Arinuktes de vifeable by will.

LXVI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That all the monies to be advanced or contributed by virtue of this adt, towards the faid fum of three millions five hundred thoufand pounds, (hall be deemed one capital and joint flock; and that all perfons and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the monies by them feVerally advanced for the purchafe of the faid annuities, dr to which they (hall become intitled by virtue of this adt, ihall have, and be deemed to have, a proper* tional intereft and (hare in the faid (lock, and in the faid an* nuities attending the fame, after the rate aforefaid; and that the (aid whole capital or joint (lock of three millions five hundred thoufand pounds, or any (hare or intereft therein, (haU be affign* able and transferrable as this a61 diredts, and nototherwi/e.

LXVII. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enadted by the au» thority aforefaid, That at any time upon fix months notice to be printed in the London Gazette* and fixed upon the Royal Exchange in London; and upon repayment by parliament, of the faid fum of three millions five hundred thoufand pounds, or any part thereof, by payments not lets than five hundred thooiand pounds, at one time, in fuch manner as (hall bediredked by any future adt or adts of parliament ki that behalf, and alfo upon full payment of all arrearages of the faid annuities; then, and not till then, fuch and fo much of the faid annuities as (hall be attending on the principal fums fo paid off, (hall ceafe and determine, and be underftood to be redeemed; and that any vote or refolution of thehoufe of commons,fignified by the (peater in writing, to be inferted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London as aforefaid, (hall be deemed and adjudged to be fufficient notice within the words and meaning of this ad.

LX VIII, And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That books (hall be conftantly kept by the faid accomptant-

?jeneral for the time being, wherein all affignments or trans-ers of all fums advanced or contributed towards the faid fum of two millions eight hundred thoufand pounds, and of aH fums determined and ascertained by the drawing of the (aid lotteries, (hall at all feafonable times be entered and regiftred 5 which entry (hall be conceived in proper words for that purpofe, and (hall be figned by the parties making fuch affignments or transfer ; or, if fuch parties be abfent, by their refpedtive attorney or attorhies thereunto lawfully authorized in.writing, under his or their hand and feal, or hands and f$als, to be attefted by two br more credible witneffes^ and that the feveral perfons to whom fuch transfers fhall be made, fhall refpedtively underwrite their acceptance thereof $ and that no other method of affigning and transferring the faid annuities, or any part thereof, or any intereft therein, (hall be good or available in law.

LXIX. Provided always. That all perfons pofiefied of any (hare or intereft in the faid ftock of annuities, or any eftate or intereft therein, may devife the fame by wiH in writing, attefted by two or more credible witneffes 5 but that no payment fhall be

made

v^ooQle

1763.] Anno tcrtio Georgii III. C.i2?  311

made upon any fuch devife, till fo much of the (aid will as re- En^prt?i>c. lates to fuch (hare, eftate, pr intereft in the faid (lock of annuities, be entered in the faid office $ and that in default of fuch transfer wjjjt or devife, fuch (hare, eftate, or intereft in the faid (lock of an- Transfer not nuities, (hall go to the executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, Jjabje toftamp and afligns; and that no ftamp duties whatfoever (hall be charg- dutlcs* ed on any of the faid transfers: any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXX. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority Treafury to aforefaid. That out of the monies arifing from the contributions Pay aU inci~ towards railing the faid fum of three millions five hundred thouknd pounds, any three or more of the commiffioners of execution 0? the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, (hall have this ad j power to difcharge all fuch incident charges as (hall necef-larily attend the execution of this ad, in fuch manner as to them /hall feem juft and reafonable; and alfo to fettle and appoint and to make fuch allowances as (hall be thought proper for the fervice, aa pains, and labour, of the faid calhier or calhiers for receiving, paying, and accounting for, the faid contributions; and allb general» (hall have power to make out of the fund by this ad eftablilhed, or out of the (inking fund, fuch further allowances as (hall be judged reafonable, for the fervice, pains, and labour of the faid calmer or calhiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the faid annuities payable by virtue pf this ad, and alfo for the fervice, pains, and labour of the faid accomptant-general for performing the truft repoled in him by this ad; ail which allow- to be at the ances to be made as aforefaid in jrefped to the fervice, pains, and labour of any officer pr officers of the faid governor and ny of company, (hall be for the ufe and bepe£t pf the (aid governor the bank, and company, and at their difpofal only.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further anaded by the to con'^ authority aforefaid. That the faid governor and company of the bank ot England, and tbeir fucceuors, notwithftanding the re- thefe annul-demption of all pr any of their own funds in purfuance of the tics be reads for eftabliftung the fame, or any of them, (hall continue a dccnaed* corporation for the purpofes of this ad, till all the annuities by this ad granted (hall be redeemed by parliament as aforefaid ; and that the faid governor and company of the bank of England^ Qr any member thereof, (hall not incur any difability for or by reafon of their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this ad.

LXXII. And be k further pnaded, That no foe, reward, or No fee to be gratuity whatfoever, (hall be demanded or taken of any of his ta!^c.n for rc* Majeft/s fubjeds, for receiving or paying the faid contribution- paying the monies, or any of them, or for any tallies or receipts concern- contrftution-ing the fame, or for iffuing the monies for paying the faid an- monies, annuities, or any of them, or for any transfer of any fum great or nuities*

(mail to be made in purfuance of this ad, upon pain tnat any offender, or perfon offending by taking or demanding any fuch fee, reward, or gratuity, (hail forfeit fae fum of twenty pounds on penalty of to the party aggrieved, with foil co(Uox foit, to be recovered by 20 •

X 4  adion

3i2  Anno  tcrtio  Georgii III. c.13.  [1763^

acftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Ma-jefty’s courts of record at IVeJlminfler, wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of re-ftraint, or any more than one imparlance, (hall be granted or allowed.

LXXIII. And be it further enaCted by the authority afore-faid. That if any perfon or pcrfons (hall at any time or times be fued, molefted, or profecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of, or by colour of this aor of any matter or thing in this act contained, fuch perfon or General iffue. perfons (hall and may plead the general iflue, and give this act and the fpccial matter in evidence, in his or their defence or defences ; and if afterwards, a verdict (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become non-fuited, or difcontinue his, her, or their action or profecution, or judgment (hall be given againft him, her, or them, upon de-treble cofo. murrer or otherwife; then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded to him, her, or them, againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XIII.

An aft for more effectually fecuring the payment of the duties upon malt, by preventing frauds in the obtaining of allowances y and the mixing of frejh corn or grain with corn or grain making into malty

WHEREAS by a claufe in an aft of parliament made in the thirty-third year of his late Majejly's reign, intituled, An at yiting claufe for granting to his Majefty feveral duties upon malt, and for Geo ii? railing the lum of eight millions by way of annuities and a lottery, tp be charged op the faid duties 5 and to prevent the fraudulent obtaining of allowances in the gauging of com making into malt; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, loft, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed; it was enafted. That if from and after ther eighth day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and fixtyy any malfler or maker of malty during the continuance of the duties on malty Jhould not wet or Jleep his barley, or other corn or grain intended to be made into malty in the cijlemy uting-fat, or other veffely fo as that the fame Jhould be covered with water, and continue Jo covered in fuch cijlemy uting-faty or other vejftly for the full fpace of forty hours from the time of its being firjl wet and covered with water as aforefaidy before he Jhould obtain or takey or draw the water from the famey fuch malfler or maker of malt Jhould in fuch cafe not be intitled to the allowance of four bufbels in every twenty, in charging the faid duties by gauge either in the cijlern or couch: and whereas there is not any provifion made by the faid aft for enabling the officers of excife to afcertain when fuch corn or grain is firjl begun to be fo wetted or Jleepedy and confequentlyy whether fuch malfler or maker of malt is intitled to fuch . allowance as afore laidand by reafon of fuch defefty the whole pur-pofe of the faid claufe has been intirely defeated: and whereas great fi auds have been committed by the mixing of corn or grain with com

or

3*3

1763,] Anno tertlo Georgii III. c.13.

or grain Keeping in order to be made into malty. whereby the revenue and the fair trader have been greatly injured: Be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty-fourth day qf Makers of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three, during the  for *?orac

continuance of any of the duties on malt, every malfter or ma-ker of malt for home confumption, (not being a compounder for compounders, the-duties on malt) whofe malt-houfe or malt-houfes is or are are to give iituate in any city, or the fuburbs thereof, or in any market- d“c noticc to town, (hall, at lead twenty-four hours before he or (he mall begin officer°J^ex-to wet any corn or grain to be made into malt, give, or caufe to cife, before fee given, to the officer of excife under whofe furvey fuch malfter their wetting or maker of malt (hall then be, a notice in writing of the par- My. or ticular hour or time of the day when he or (he intends to wet . r com or grain to be made into malt j and every other malfter or 9 maker of malt for home confumption (not being a compounder for the duties on malt) whofe malt-houfe or malt-houfes is or are not fituate in any city, or the fuburbs thereof, or in any market-town, (hall, at lean forty-eight hours before he or (he lhall begin to wet any com or gram to be made into malt, give or caufe to be given a like notice in writing; and in cafe any fuch and if they do malfter or maker of malt (hall not begin to wet his corn or not keep to or grain, and immediately proceed to cover the whole thereof with water at the hour or time mentioned in fuch refpedtive notice, or ^-c to* -within three hours next after the expiration of the faid hour give frefli no-and time, then, every fuch notice (hall be and is hereby decla- tice. red to be null and void 5 and every fuch malfter or maker of malt (hall be obliged to give a frdh and like notice, before he or (he (hall begin to wet his or her com or grain; and that no Hours of fet-fuch malfter or maker of malt (hall begin to wet any corn or tin£to work* grain to be made into malt, but between the hours of four in the morning and nine in the evening: and in cafe any fuch malfter ofommin* or maker of malt (hall negle& or refufe to give filch notice, or, their duty m having given notice which (hall become void, (hall negled or the premifles; refufe to give a frefli and like notice, or, having given fuch no- orbeingjguiity tice or notices, and begun to wet any corn or grain in purfuance ^YtraI3^.U" thereof, (hall negledt or refufe immediately to proceed to cover ^on therein, the whole thereof with water, and to continue the fame fo covered for the full fpacc of forty hours from the time of its being firft wet and covered, or (hall begin to wet any com or grain at any other time than between the hours of four in the morning and nine in the evening; or if any fuch malfter or maker of malt, after the officer hath taken an account of the corn or grain deeping in the ciftern, uting-fat, or other wetting place or utenfil, (hall add any frefli corn or grain to the corn or grain fo fteeping; every fuch malfter or maker of malt offends ing in any of the faid cafes, (hall, for every fuch offence re-fpe&ively, forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds, n. And be it further ena<fted by the authority aforefaid, That

the

314  Aano  tcrrioGEORGH  III. c.i4.  {1763,

Recovery, mi- the penalties or forfeitures for any offence againft this ad, (hall appUcadoiTof may ** fu«i f°r» levied and recovered, or mitigated, by the (tallies. fame ways, means, and methods, as any penalty or forfeiture given by any of the laws of excife upon beer, ale, and other liquors, can or may be Cued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, or by any law or laws of excife, or by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Ma|efty’s courts of record at IVtfiminfter; and that one moiety of luch penalties or forfeitures (hall be to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflbrs, and the other moiety to him or them that (hall difeover, inform, or fue for the lame.

CAP. XIV.

An aft for the encouragementof John Harrifon, to fuilijb and mdkt known bis invention of a machine or , for the difeovery of the longitude at .

Preamble, re-  \XWHEREAS  by on aft made the twelfth year of the reign

atine claufcs YV tf for late mojejly Queen Anne,  ,An ad for pro-

viding a public reward forluch perfon or perfons as (hall difeo-' ver the longitude at fea; it is enafted, That in cafe the commijfun-ers thereby appointed jball be ft far  of the probability of any

fucb difeovery, os to think it proper to make experiment thereof and jball certify the fame to the  of  the  ,  with  the

names of the perfons making propofols for. that  then any  funs

$r fums of money, not exceeding two , Jball be paid by the treafuror of the navy to fuch perfon or perfons as Jball pointed by the commffioners  of the longitude, to make thofe experiments ;

And it is thereby further enafted, That the firjl  or  difeover ers of any method for fading the  Jball have a reward  of

ton  thoufand pounds, tf it detorminos the longitude to one degree of «

great circle, or Jixtygeoptopbtcal units} fifteen thoufand pounds, if . to two thirds of that difiance; and twenty thoufand pounds, if to uu half of the famedi)boHtc\ to be paid by the treafurtr of the navy, by '  the appointment of the Jaid commffioners, when ajbip Jail to

any ficch part of the Weft Indies they Jbould appoint, without Mug the longitude beyond the limits before mentioned: And it is thereby further enafted. That if  in  the  judgment  of

theJaid  commffioners,be found of cotfiderable ufe to the  the

author thereof, Jbould have fucb lefs reward as the • Jbould think reafonable: And whereas by an aft made in the twenty-fixtb #< Quo,%. y**  ***  reign  of his late majefiy King George the  to

der more  effeftual the aft beretn before recited,with regard to making

experiments of propofols for difeovering the longitude, reciting thefore-faid aft; and that John Harrifon bad made propofols for the pofos in the Jame aft mentioned, with which the cmmijfioners of longitude were fo far fatisjied, that they had thought it proper to make experiments thereof, and had certified the fame from time to time to she eommiffioners of the navy, together with the name of the faid John Harrifon; and that the. treafurtr of the navy had thereupon paid one thoufand two hundred and fifty pounds to the faid John

Harrifon,

v^ooQie

3*5

1763.] Anno tertio Geo&gii III. c.14.

Harrifon, as part of the two thoufimd pounds mentioned in the above-Jaid aft of the twelfth of Queen Anne; and alfo reciting,, That five hundred pounds had likewifi been paid to bdafter William Whifton, for the like purpojes; fo that only two hundred and fifty pounds remained out of the find fum of two thoafand pounds; and further  \

reeitingy That by continuing to encourage ingenious perfons to make further improvements and experiments in order to difcover the longitude, fitch difiovery might at length be produced, as might effectually anfwer that end; it is enabled) That two thoufimd pounds more might be ifjued and paid by the treafurer of the navy for the making further experiments under the like directions as aforefind: And whereas by an aft made in the ficond year of his prefent Majefiy's reign for * Geo. 3. rendering more effeftml the above-mentionea aft of the twelfth year of Queen Anne, with regard to making experiments of propofols for mjcovering the longitude) reciting to the effeft above recited; and that the money granted for making experiments, purfuant to both of the faid aftS) had been wholly expended, the further fum of two thou-fond pounds was granted by the Jaid aft of thefecondyear of his prefent Majefly, for the like pwrpofeS) and to be applied in the like manner:

And whereas the utility of the invention of the find John Harrifon has been proved in a late voyage to Jamaica, under the directions of the commijfioners of the longitude: And whereas the find commiffteners at their meeting on the feventeenth day of Auguft lafi did adjudge, that by the tried made of the find infirumenty it was found of confi-derable ufe to the puhUck, and did thereupon make an order for the payment of the fum of two thoufimd five hundred pounds to the faid John Harrifon, in manner therein mentioned; videlicet, one thousand five hundred pounds, part thereof) immediately) and the remaining one thoufimd pounds when he, or any per fin employed by hint) fbould return from making a further trial in the Weft Indies ; but it was to be underjhody that the faid fan of two thoufimd Jive hundred pounds Jhould beefttemed as part Of either of the rewards granted by aft of parliament for difeovering the longitude: And wberebs thefa'td John Harrifon has accordingly received the faid fum of one thoufimd five hundred pounds; and his reprefented to the commjfioners of the longitude) That he would not by any means decline any further trial of the inftrument or watch which he has invented) before the principles thereof Jhall be made publick; but that his prefent advanced age) the weakpefs of bis fight) and the danger of the voyage to the health and life of his fix, upon whom alone the fiucefs of the find invention will depend, may ri/k the iofs of fo ufiful a difiovery) net only to the difadvantage of the faid John Harrifon, but alfi to the very great detriment of mankind: And whereas, the commijfioners of longitude having received the faid reprefentation, did, at their meeting on the twenty ffixth day ^February lafi» manimoufly agree to recommend to the faid John Harrifon to make an application to parlia-menty in order that his faid invention may he made known to the public, upon Jack terms and in fitch manner as to the parliament Jhall feem meet: Therefore be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana content of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament

aflembled.

316  Anno  tertio  Georgii III. c. 14.

Upon a dif- aflembled, and by the authority of the lame, That fo loon z\\ l°Harri(on  J°^n  Harr  if on, his executors or adminiftrators, (hall1

of theprin- make or caufe to be made a full and clear difeovery of the principles of his ciples of his faid inftrument or watch for difeovery of the watch, and longitude, and of the true manner and method in which the of conltouft kmc ls may be conllrudled, unto the right honourable lord ing the fame, Charles Cavendijh, the right honourable the earl of Morten, the to the com- * right honourable lord Willoughby of Parham, George Lewis Score mittee here efquire, fellow of the royal fociety. Mailer James Short fel-mentioned, jow Gf the royal fociety, the reverend Mailer John Mitchell Woodwardian profeflbr at Cambridge, Mailer Alexander Camming, Matter Mudge of Fleet Street, Mailer William Frodjbam, Mailer Andrew Dickie, and Matter James Green of Fenchurcb Street, who, and their pub- as well as the faid John Harrifon, are hereby required to puhlilh tithing the and make the fame known, fo that other workmen may be cn-lame,  abled to make other fuch inftruments or watches for the fame

purpofe; and fo foon as the faid lord Charles Cavendijh, the earl of Morton, lord Willoughby of Parham, George Lewis Scott t James Short, John Mitchell, Alexander Camming, Matter Mudge, William Frodjbam, Andrew Dickie, and James Green, or the ma-and certifying jof part of them, lhall certify in writing under their hands and fuch difeove- feajSj to the commiflioners of his Majefty’s navy for the time comrniffioners  John  Harrifon  hath  fully  and  clearly  made

of the navy; the laid difeovery for the purpofes aforefaid, then, upon pro-the commit- during fuch certificate, the faid commiflioners of the navy are fioners are to hereby authorized and required to make out a bill or bills for Sr^ooo 1 the fum °f fiye thoufand pounds payable to the laid John Harri-

payable to

him by the treafurer of the navy.

fon, his executors or adminiftrators, by the treafurer of the navy ; which fum the treafurer of the navy for the time being, is hereby required to pay immediately to him the faid John Harrifon, bis executors or adminiftrators, out of any money that lhall be in his the faid treafurer’s hands unapplied for the ufe of the navy.

So foon as the t II. And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That fo loon as it lhall appear by future trial or trials, that the faid inftru-

faid inftru-

ment (hail by ment or watch invented by the faid John Harrifon, lhall be a

future trials  t  .  r  , ..  .  .  „.  .  .  f_ _

appear to be a proper method for finding out the longitude withm any of the proper me- limits preferibed by the aforefaid adl of the twelfth year of Queen Anne, and the faid commiflioners of longitude, or the major lonritiide,6 P31* t^em»  certify the fame accordingly, undertheir hands

within the and feals to the commiflioners of the navy for the time being.

s pi

feribed aft i*

navy tor tfte time being, then the faid commiflioners are hereby authorized and required

Anna: and the t0 ma^e out a ^ or ^ t^c refpe&ive film or films of comunitioners moncy t0 which the faid John Harrifon, his exceptors, admini-of the longi- ftrators, or alfigns, lhall oe intitled by virtue of the fame aft ; tude fliall cer- which fum or fums the treafurer of the navy is hereby required tify the lame; to pay to t^e fajd John Harrifon, his executors, adminiftrators, niade^ut0 * or adigns> out °f any money which lhall be in his hai>ds unpayable as applied to the ufe of the navy; firll deducing thereout the aforefaid for before mentioned fum of fifteen hundred pounds already received by the laid John Harrifon, and the faid fum of free

thoufand

tiie f»ims he frail he inti-

1763.]  Anno tertio Georgii III. c.i 5.  .317

thoufand pounds granted to him by this prefent a£t as afore- ded to, by

*0  J  Virtue  of  the

fjud-  faid aa.

deducing the film* before received by him.

III.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, No other per-That no perfon or perfons, other than the faid John Harrifon, Con to be m-his executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, (hall have or be in-ntled to a retitled to any of the reward granted by the faid a<ft of the twelfth J^faid aft, of Queen Anney by means or on account of any inftrument or on account of inftruments for keeping time, until the merits of the faid in- anyinftru-ftrument or watch invented by the faid John Harrifon> (hall be meat for keen#, afeertained; provided that the afeertainment thereof (hall be ^erit^of made within four years next after the palling of this a<51.  ' Harrifon’s

watch be afeertained.

CAP. XV.

An all to prevent occaftonal freemen from voting at elections of members to ferve in parliament for cities and boroughs.

WHEREAS great abufes have been committed in making Preamble.

freemen of corporations, in order to influence elections of members to ferve in parliament, to the great infringement of the rights of freemen of fuch corporations^ and of the freedom of eleUions: To prevent fuch pra&ices for the future; be it enadted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritualand temporal, and commons, in parliament af-fembled, and by authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day of May^ one thoufand feven hundred and (ixty-three. None to vote no perfon whatsoever claiming as a freeman to vote at any elec- a* freemen, at tion of members to ferve in parliament for any city, town, port, cle6hons of or borough in England', Walesy and the town of Berwick upon JSc^aThave^ tweedy where fuch voter’s right of voting is as a freeman only, been admitted {hall be admitted to give his vote at fuch eledf ion, unlefs fuch per- to their free-fon (hall have been admitted to the freedom of fuch city, town, dom J* port, or borough, twelve calendar months before the firft day (Vichelec-of fuch election : And if any perfon (hall prefume to give his tionj vote as a freeman at any ele&ion of members to ferve in parliament, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a<ft, he (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of one on pena|ty 0f hundred pounds to him, her, or them, who (hall inform and i0ol. fue for the fame; and the vote given by fuch perfon (hall be void and of no effed.

II.  Provided always. That nothing herein contained (hall Perfons inti-extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any perfon intitled to his *,ed t0 freedom by birth, marriage, or fervitude, according to the cuftom j^th^a/-or ufage of fuch city, town, port, or borough.  rj3ge* or ler-

III.  And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, vitnde, ex-That if any mayor, bailiff, (heriff, town clerk, or other officer cepted. of any corporation, or other perfon whatfoever, fhall wilfully antedanntr . and fraudulently antedate, or caufe to be antedated, any admil-the admiir»on fion of any freeman, fuch mayor, bailiff, (heriff, town clerkj of any free.

officer, man, cool.

3iS  Annotertio  Georgii  III.  0.15.

officer, or other perfon, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds to him, her, or them, who (Kali inform and fue for the lame.

The books iv. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, admiffionof That mayor, bailiff, (heriff, town clerk, or other officer freemen to be any corporation, having the cuftody of, or power over, the open to in- records of the fame, (hall, upon the demand of any candidate* ipeaion, up. or his agent, or any two freemen, on the payment of one (hii-of a candi-  permit  fuch  candidate, agent, or freemen, between the

date, bis a- hours of nine in the morning and three in the afternoon, at any gent* or % time before, and within one month after, any fuch eledion as freemen, up- aforefaid to infped the books and papers wherein the admiffion of ^mtnl of freemen (hall be entered; and to have copies or minutes of and copies the admiffion of fo many freemen as fuch candidate, agent, or and minutes freemen, (hall think fit, upon paying to fuch mayor, bailiff, of the ad- (heriff, town clerk, or other officer, a reafonable charge for millions to be wrhing the fame; and fuch books and papers (hall, if demand-reafoaaWylfw*e(* ty fuch candidate, agent, or freemen, be produced by fuch writing the mayor, bailiff, (heriff, town clerk, or other officer at every e-fame;  ledion, and be referred to, in cafe any difpute (hall arife touch-

Ike tob^ro^ *nS the right of any perfon to give his vote thereat: And if fuch duced if de^ mayor, bailiff, (heriff, town clerk, or other officer, (hall remanded, at fufe or deny fuch candidate, agent, or freemen, the infpe&ion every eleftion, of fuch books and papers, or to have copies or minutes thereof, or (hall refufe or negled to produce fuch books and papers at any eledion, if demanded and paid for in the manner herein before fet forth, fuch mayor, bailiff, (heriff, town derk, or other on j>ena]ty of officer, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of 100 *  one hundred pounds to him, her, or them, who (hall inform

and fue for the fame.

The penalties V. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That may be reco- all forfeitures or penalties laid or impofed by this ad, (hall be vered, with recovered, with full cofts of fuit, by adion of debt, bill, plaint, full cofts of or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at U1 *  Ifoftminjler-) wherein no efloin, protedion, wager of law, or

more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed, provided the VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded and profecution declared by the authority aforefaid. That no perfon (hall be be commenced liable to any forfeiture or penalty by this ad laid or impofed, wit n a year. unje(*s profeCution be commenced within one year after fuch forfeiture or penalty (hall be incurred.

This aft to be VII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, openly read That the returning officer (hall read, or caufe to be read, open-by the return- ly, this ad, at the time of eledion of members to ferve in par-.°®fcr> ** liament for cities, towns, ports, or boroughs, where the right freemen°nim- eledion is in the whole, or in part, in freemen as aforefaid, mediately af- immediately after the reading of the ad pafled in the fecond yeaf ter aft 2 Geo. of his late Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for the more ejfet-*'  tual preventing bribery and corruption in the eleftions of members t$

ferve in parliament.

Vm. And

VIII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Thi* aft not

'hat nothing in this aft (hall extend, or be conftrued to ex- $° extend to -  - -  -  -  --  London  or

Norwich*

rxid, to the cities of London or Norwich.

CAP. XVI.

fn a8 to 'impovoer the commijftoners or governors of the royal bofpital for feamen at Greenwich, after defraying the necejfary expences thereof, to provide for fucb feamen worn out and become decrepit in the  of  tbeir

country, t oboJhaU not be provided for within the faid bofpital; and to enable them to receive fucb penficms as )ball be granted them by the faid  or  gover-

nors, in the moft easy and convenient manner •, and for preventing frauds and abufes attending the fame.

WHEREAS  by feveral alts of , fundry eflates,

rents, and fums of money are granted, andJpecially appropriated, for and towards the  finijhing and completing the building of

the royal bofpital for feamen at Greenwich; and for and towards the maintenance of the feamen in the faid bofpital worn out and become decrepit in the fervice of their country : And whereas no part of tbe faid ejlates, rents, and fums of money, tan be applied by the miffioners or governors of the faid bofpital, for or towards the relief ofany worn out or decrepit feamen, who are not provided for within the faid bofpital: And whereas the revenues of the fend bofpital will probably be fufficient to provide for a cnumber of poor feamen, as out-penfoners, and it would tend to the increafe and encouragement 0} feamen, if the faid commiffioners or governors were enabled, after defraying the expenses of the faid bofpital, to provide f^Jiuhfeamen as out-penf,oners ofthefaidhofpitaU Therefore, be it enacted by the King s molt excellent majefty, by and with defraying the the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and expences of commons, in this prefent parliament allembled, and by the au- the bofpital, thority of the fame. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for ^impower-the commiffioners or governors of the royal hofpital for lea- Out-pcnfion# men at Greenwich, and they are hereby authorized and impower- to fucb worn-ed, after defraying the neceflary expences of the faid hofpital, out anddecre-by and out of the eftates, rents, revenues, or other monies be- P*c longing to the faid hofpital, to provide for fuch feamen worn ,^®aJccr’ out and become decrepit in the fervice of their country, who not provided lhall not be provided tor within the faid hofpital; any thing in for within the the faid afts to the contrary notwithftanding.  hofpital.

II.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That Afli*nments, all alignments, bargains, falcs, orders, contracts, agreements, &c. of pay, or lecurities whatfoever, which lhall be given or made by any made by our* out-penfioner, for, upon, or in refpedt ot, any fum or fums of p«pf»oners, money, to become due on any out-penlion granted by the com- V0ld‘ miffioners or governors of the laid hofpital, lhall be abfolutely null and void to all intents and purpofes.

III.  And, the more effcdhially to enable fuch feamen to receive

Treaftirer of the hofpital to make out duplicates of the out pen-fions, accord* ing to the annexed formi

The form*

Anno tertio Georgii III. c. if>.  [176^

ceive fuch out penfions as (hall be granted to them by the &d commiflioners or governors, in the mod easy and convenient manner, and for preventing frauds and abufes attending the fame; be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the treafurer of the faid hofpital for the time being, and he is hereby authorized and required, as often as there (hall be occaiion, to make out, or caufe to be made out, two bills for every fuch out penfion granted by the faid commiflioners or governors; which bills (hall be duplicates, and joined together with oblique lines, flourilhes, or devices, in fuch manner as the faid treafurer (hall think proper, and (hall be made payable to fuch out penfioner by the receiver-general of the land tax, collector of the cuftoms, collector of the ercife, or clerk of the cheque refpedlively, according to the appointment in fuch bills5 and the faid bills being numbered and dated, (hall be figned by the faid treafurer, or his firft clerk, and at-tefted by the fteward or clerk of the cheque of the faid hofpi-tal, and be written or printed according to the following form:

THE FORM.

A. N° I.  Greenwich  HofpitaL

SIR,

PAY to B. D. of  in  the county of

out penfioner of Greenwich Hofpital, upon producing the duplicate hereof - together with a certificate under the hands of the minijjer and church-wardens, *r, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, under the hands of the mnifier and two elders of the parifh where the faid B. D. refides, that the faid B. D. to the befl of their knowledge and belief is the perfon named in fuch bill, the jum of  being

on account of the out-penfion of the faid B. D. if the fame /hall be demanded within fix calendar months from the date hereof; othertvife you are to return this bill to the treafurer of the royal hofpital at Greenwich, at the faid hofpital.

I-The receiver-general of the land tax of the county of

To<

The colle&or of the cuftoms at the port of

The collector of the excife at

The clerk of the k cheque at

Signed (A. B.) treafurer of the royal hofpital at Greenwich, or bit firft clerk.

jttttfed (C. D.) fteward or clerk of the cheque of the royal hofpital at Greenwich.

By virtue of the a£t of the third of King George the Third.

N. B. The

321

N. B. The perfonating or falfly ajfuming the name and character of any out-penfioner of Greenwich Hofpital, in order to re-tehjt the out-penfm due to futh out-penfioher, or procuring any other to do the Jarhe, is made felony without benefit of clergy , by the third of King George the Th'&d.

knd as (bon as the faid bills (hall be fo made out and figned, Bills to be cut be (aid treafurer (hall caufethem to be cut afunder, indent wife, afunder; brough the oblique lines, flourilhes, or devices; and (hall One to be ? aufe one of the faid bills to be tranfmitted forthwith to the tranfmitted to >erfon nominated and fpecified in fuch bills, and the other of the th.e *?y aid bills to be tranfmitted forthwith to the faid receiver-general and'the0 if the land tax, collector of the cuftoms, colledtor of the ex* other to the rife, or clerk of the cheque, on whom fuch bill (hail be fo perfon on lrawn as aforefaid : And the faid receiver-general of the land *hon? t.hc ax, colledtor of the cuftoms, colledtor of the excife, and D^plicat^and derk of the cheque, if the faid duplicates of fuch bill (haH be certificate to produced and delivered to either of them refpedtively within be examined Ex calendar months from the date thereof, are hereby required when pro-and enjoined to examine fuch duplicate, together with the cer* ^verified Jq tificate to be produced as aforefaid; and to enquire into theoathj truth thereof, oy the oath of the perfon producing the fame; which oath they are hereby refpedtively authorized and required to adminifter; and upon being duly fatisfied of the truth of andteftifiedon fuch certificate, to teftify the feme on the back of fuch bill; and the back (hall immediately pay to fuch out-penlioner, without fee or re- t^,reot 1 ward on any pretence whatfoever, the Turn contained in fuch be bfll, taking his receipt for the feme on the back thereof; which made thereof; bill Co paid, upon being produced and delivered at the office of which is to be the treafurer of the navy, (hall be immediately repaid by the "P™* by the faid treafurer, to fuch receiver-general of the land tax, collec*  °*

tor of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, or clerk of the cheque, Y* or to the order of any fuch receiver-general, collector of the cuftoms, colledtor of the excife, or clerk of the cheque refpec-tively: But in cafe the duplicate of fuch bill (hall not be produ- if the dupH-ced and delivered, and the payment thereof be demanded, with- cate and oer-in fix calendar months from the date thereof, or if a proper cer-  no£

tificate of the perfon claiming fuch out-penfion be not likewife payment Reproduced, then the faid receiver-general, colledtor of the cuf- manded with-toms, colledtor of the excife, or clerk of the cheque, (hall re- in 6 months, turn fuch bill to the treafurer of the faid hofpital at Greenwich,the h* at the faid hofpital, who (hall caufe fuch bill to be cancelled; ^treaforer and frbm and after the cancelling the feme, fuch part of the faid of the navy, penfion (hall accrue and become payable, in like manner, as if and cancelled, the faid bill had not been made out.

IH. Provided always, and it is hereby further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That if any fuch receiver-general, colledtor of the cuftoms, colledtor of the excife, or clerk of the cheque, if there fhall to whom the duplicate of any of the bills herein before direc- be a want of ted to be made out, (hall be tendered for payment, (hall not mon®y then have in his hands publick money fufficient to anfwer the ^  t€|^

Vox,, XXV.  Y  feme.

322  Anno terrio GborgU III. c.16.

dcred for pay- feme, and (hall refute or delay the immediate payment thereof ment>  fuch receiver-general, collector of the cuftoms, collector of the

excife, or clerk of the cheque, (hall immediately indorfe on the the day of it* back of the (aid duplicate, the day of its being fo tendered to

deref and the  the cau^e rcfu^l or delay to pay the feme ; and

caufeofnon-C appoint thereon, for the payment of luch bill, fame fu-payment, to ture day, within the fpace of two months at the fertkeft from be indorfed the day of its having been firft tendered to him, as afbnefeid 5 ahSC<to?bend  with  the  indorfexnent  thereon  (haH  immediate-

fixe/for the ty b® delivered back to the perfon prefenting the feme: And if, payment. upon complaint to be made to the refpe&tYC commiflioners appointed by hisMajefty, his heirs, or fucceflbrs, to manage the laid feveral duties of the land tax, cuftoms, or exciie, or to the If payment commiflioners of the navy, if the perfon complained of be a flnll have been  Qf t^c cheque, it (hall appear that fuch receiver-general*

refufed orde. colle&or of the cuftoms, collefbr of the excife, or derk of the laytd,  cheque, hath unneceflarily and wilfully refufed or ddayed the

payment of fuch bill; or that fuch receiver-general, coUeftnr of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, or dark of the cheque, or,any perfon employed by or under any of them, hath <fire£dv or any fee, or indire6tly received or taken any fee, reward, gratuity, dif-&e. taken on count, or deduction whatsoever, on account of the payment of payment,  ^  bill; it (hall and may be lawful to and for any three

Mender may or more of the faid commiflioners to oonvuft and fine aery fuch fee fined in any offender under their refpe&ve diredion, in any Aim not ex-hiinnptex- ceeding fifty pounds, according to the nature and degree of the ***“* 5° • offence •, which convi&ion (hall be made by fuch rtfpe&ve commiffioncrs, and fuch fine (hall be levied and recovered, in fuch and the feme manner, to all intents and purpofes, as any convidHon may be made, and any penalty may be levied or recovered, for any offence againft any law by which any cuftom to be paid to or excife is impofed or laid; and the feid fine, when recovered, the informer, (hall be paid to the informer or informers againft fuch offender or offenders#

Bills paid by IV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afarefeid, the treafurer That all the bills fo paid by the feid treafurer of the navy* (hall gfthc n**yt0 be allowed as fo much ca(h, paid in ready money* in the ac-his ac-  counts of the faid treafurer of the navy, with the feid treafurer

counts! ~  °f the faid hofpital at Greenwich; and the faid treafurer of the

feid hofpital is hereby required and dire&ed to allow the feme accordingly; any thing to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withftanaing.

Penalty of per- Vr. And whereas divers wicked pra&ices may be carried on &>natmg and by perfons knowingly and willingly perfonating and falfely af-faUely aflinn- fumjn£ the name and chara&er of any out penfioner of the (Slid ofganyCout^e hofpital, in order to receive the money due to any fuch out penfioner, in penfioner, on account of his out penfion, be it further enabled order to re- by the authority aforefeid. That from and after the palling of c^ive the pen- t^j8 a(c^ whofoever willingly and knowingly (hall perfonate or orprocuring falfely a(Tume the name or character of, or procure any other any other to to perfonate or falfely to aflume the name or chara&er of, any do the fame,  perfon

Anno tcltio GeorgiI ill.  cuy.  323

perfon intitl^d, or fuppofed to be intitled, as an out-penfioner,

to any out-penfioti or allowance of money from the eommiffio-

ners dr governors of the laid hofpital, m order to receive the

moriey due, or fuppofed to be due, on fuch out-penfion j every .f M

fuch perfon fo offending, and being teVrftilly convidked df any without bene*

fiich offence or offences, fhall be deemed guilty of felony, and fit ot clergy*

fuffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

GAP. XVII.

An net for raffing d certain fum of money by loans or exchequer bills for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty three ; and for further appropriating the /applies granted ip this feffion of parliament •, akdfaf allowing bis Majejtfs fubjtcts to import their goods and effects, being the produce of certain places ceded to France and Spain by the late treaty of peace, upon payment of thi fame duties as they would have been liable to, if fuch places , had remained in bis Mqjfftfs poffejton.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majejiy's mojl dutiful and loyal Jubjetis, the comment Preamble^ of Great Britain in parliament affembled, for raifing the te-fidue of the necejfary fupplies, which we have chearfully granted to your Majejiy in this feffion of parliament, have refohed to give and grant unto your Majejiy the fum herein after mentioned, and do therefore mojl humbly befeeth your Majejiy, that it may be enabled; and be it enadked by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the au-» thority of the fame. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for Treafuhr ini* the commiffioners of his Majeftv’s treafury now, or for the time powered to being, or any three or more ot them, or the high treafurer for the time being, at anytime or times before the fifth day of chequer bills, January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-four, to caufe for any fum or diredk any loans to be taken or received at his Majefty’s ex- not exceeding chequer from any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, body I^°0,oogl* or bodies politick or corporate, or any number of exchequer bills to be made out there, for any fum or fums of money, not exceeding, in loans and exchequer bills together, in the whole, the fum of one million and eight hundred thoufand pounds; in the fame or like manner, form, and order, and according to the fame or like rules and diredkions, as in and by an adk of this In like matt* prefent feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for continuing and granting to his Majejiy certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and m2Ljt perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty- this feffion, ibret, are enadted and prefcribed concerning the loans or ex* concerning chequer bilk to be taken or made m purfuance of the faid adk.

thereby to be taken or made.

Ya  II.  And

Go.ogle

324  Anno  terrio  Georgii  III.  C.17J  (17^

Claufes, &c. D. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefeid, in the faid a& That all and every the claufes provifoes9 powers, privileges) ad-relating to vantages, penalties, forfeitures, and difebilities contained in the ctequer bUk ^ “ft mentioned adt relating to the loans or exchequer bills q 9 authorized to be made by the fame adt (except fuch claufes as do charge the lame on the taxes granted by the feme adt, and except luch claufes as limit the rate of intereft to be paid for the forbearance of money lent on the credit of the laid aft, and alfo except as is herein after mentioned) (hall be_applied and ex-extended to tended to the loans suid exchequer bills to be made in pur-this aft. fuance of this adt, as fully and effedtually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame loans or exchequer bills had beeaorigi-nally authorized by the faid laft mentioned adt, or as if the bid feveral claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated and fe-enadted in the body of this adt.

Exchequer III. Provided always, .and be it further enadted by the au-bills fodTued, jhonty aforefaid. That no exchequer bill or bills to be made dere^ or re* ?ut v‘rtuc this adt, (hall, after the feme hath or have been ceived in pay- Tfluea^t the exchequer, be afterwards at any time before the ment of any fixth day of Aprils one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-foor, t* thcfrfhc received or taken, or pafs or be current to any receiver or arf-CAD&i.ijS+x ^e<^or m Great Britain, of the cultoms, excife, or any revenue, *  '  fupply, aid, or tax whatfoever due or payable to his Majefty,

his heirs or fucceflors, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from any fuch receiver or colledtor, or from any other perfon or per-tmlefs the ' fons, bodies politick or corporate, otherwife or on any other ac-fame (hall be count than for the difcharge and cancelling of fuch bills, m cafe in courfe of the feme (hall be in due courfe or oraer of payment before the Fore^hefsdd"  ‘April*  nor  (hall  any  fuch  receiver or coHe&or

day.  exchange,  at  any  time  before  the  feia  fixth  day of April* for any

money of fuch revenues, aids, taxes, or fupplies, in hw hands, any exchequer bill or bills, which (hall have been iffued as afore-feia, by virtue of this adt; nor (hall any adtion be maintained againft any fuch receiver or colledtor for rtegledting or refilling to exchange any fuch bill or bills for ready money, before the faid (ixth day of April; any thing in the faid adt made m this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft far continuing ad granting to bis Majejiy certain duties upon malt, mum* cyder, end perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred ondftxtj-three, or this adt, contained to the contrary notwithftanding. The feme fo * IV. And be it further enadted by tlie authority aforefaid, be repaid out That all fuch loans or exchequer bills, together with the in-rij^iwwhichterc^ premium* mte, and charges, incident to or attending the (hSl be grant- feme, (hall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, td in the next and (hall be repaid or borne by or out of the firft aids or /up-fefltoni plies which ’(hall be granted in the next feflion of parliament;

and in cafe fufficient aids or fupplies for that purpofe (hail not be granted before the fifth day of July* one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-four, then all the feid loans or exchequer bills, with the intereft, premium, rate, and charges, incident to

or

1763 ] Anno tertio Georgii III. c.17.  325

or attending the fame, (hall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon fuch monies as, at any time or times at or after the faid fifth day of July, (hall be or remain iii the receipt of °/th? the exchequer, of the furplufles, excefles, overplus monies, and if no^pplie* other revenues compofing the fund commonly called The Sink- be granted ing Fund (except fuch monies of the faid finking fund as are ap- before 5 July, propriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any adfc or a<fts of|764-parliament in that behalf) and fuch monies of the faid finking fund (hall and may be iffued and apnlied, as foon as the fame can be regularly dated and afeertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and difeharging, fuch loans or exchequer bills, intereft, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them (hall be paid off, cancelled, and difeharged, or money fuf-ficient for that purpofe be kept and referved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the refpeftive proprietors thereof.

V.  Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority ,aforefaid. That whatever monies (hall be fo ifiued out of the pofeoutot the faid furplu(fes, exce(fes, overplus monies, or other revenues linking fund, compofing the finking fund, (hall, from time to time, be re- t°

placed by and out of the firft fupplies to be then after granted in parliament; any thing herein contained to the contrary not- pp withftanding.

VI.  And be it declared and further enafted by the authority"1^ baJk im-aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the governor and Advance, on company of the bank of England, to advance or lend to his Ma- the faid crc-jefty in like manner at the receipt of the exchequer, upon the dit of loan, credit of loan granted by this a<ft,any fum or fums of money any fum or not exceeding in the whole the fum of one million and eight

hundred thoufand pounds; any thing in an a<ft made in the ,,*00,0001. fifth and fixth years'of the reign of iCing William and Queen Mary, intituled, An aft for granting to their Majejlies feveral rates the aft 5 & 6 and duties upon tonnage of /hips and vejfels, and upon beer, ale, and 'Y-,lot“ other liquors, for fecuring certain recompences and advantages in the wltkftandinE* faid aft mentioned, to fuch perfons as Jhdll voluntarily advance the fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, towards carrying on the war againft France, to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withftanding.

VII.  Provided always, and it is hereby enadled by the au- The monies

thority aforefaid, That all the monies coming into the ex-  thc

chequer, either by loan* or exchequer bills, upon one aft of m * this feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft for continuing and

granting to his Majefiy certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty^ three, and fo much money, if any fuch be, of the duties thereby granted, as (hall arife or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame a<ft, and all the intereft, premium, rate, and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for railing the faid duties, (hall be fatisfied, or money fufficient (hall be referved in the exchequer to fatisfy and di(-diarge the fame ; and alfo all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one other a<ft  >.

Y 3  of

326

Land tax.

Anno tertio GeoRGH IIL 0.17,

annuity and Ipttcry ad ;

of tbis'feflion of parliamept, intituled, An aft fir granting an eoi to his fylajejly by a land tax to be raifed in Great Britain, fir tho fervice of the year one thoufand fruen hundred and fixty-tbree; and fo much money, if any fuch be, of the tax thereby granted, as lhall arife or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made pr to be made on the laipe aft, and all the intereft, premium* rate, and charges therepn, and the charges allowable thereby fqr raifing the fyid lancj tax, fhould be fotisfied, or money firf-ficient Ihall be referyed in the exchequer to fatisfy and discharge the fame; and alfo all the monies coming into the exchequer by contributions for annuities, and two lotteries, granted by ope other ad of this feflion of parliament* intituled. An a& fir granting to hit fyajejly feveral additional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom, and certain duties upon all cyder and perry \ andfir

raifing the Jum of three millions five hundred thoufand pounds, by way of annuities and lotteries, to be charged on the faid duties ;

*ith the fum the fum of two millions out of fuch monies

and alfo as (hall or may

char^d’on01  fonplfofes,  excefles,  or  overplus  mopes,jmd  other

the (inking

fund $

revenues compofing the fund* commonly called 7be Sinking Fund, direfted to be ifjfued and applied by one other aft of this feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft for granting to bis Majejly a certain fum of money out of the finking fund) and fir applying certain monies remaining in the exchequer, for the ferwe of the and alfo the yiar one thoufand fruen hundred and fixty-tbree; and* alfo the fum fum  of forty feven thoufand one hundred and twenty pounds, nine

Surplus re-' (hillings, and fix pence, remaining in the' receipt of the exchequer, being the furplus of the feveral duties upon beer and ale, granted by an aft made in the firft year of his Majefty’s reign, after fatisfyiqg all charges and incumbrances thereupon, to the fifth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three \ and alfo fuch part of the fora of tweqty thoufand pounds granted to his Majefty in the laft feflion qf parliament upon account , towards defraying the charge of the pay of the tniliti* of that part of Great Britain called England, wnen unembedkd,

_______ and of the cloathing of the part of the faid militia then unetn-

theiaft feflion, bodied, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March) for pay and^ one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-two, as (hall remain in the receipt of the exchequer, after the faid charges are fatigued by the faid lad mentioned aft made in this feflion of parliament, direfted to be iflued and applied; and the further fom of one million and eight hundred thoufand pounds by this aft granted, (hall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated, for and towards the feveral ufes and purpofos herein after expreffed : that is to fay, it is hereby enafted and declared by the authority aforefaid, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall and may be iftiied and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding two millions forty thouland fix hundred and fixty-one pounds, three (hillings and eleven pence, for or towards the naval fervices herein after particularly expreffed $ that is to fay, for or towards viftuah, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the viftualing thereof, “  performed

urplir maining in the exche-

3uer, of the uties on beer and ale; alfo the fur-plus unapplied of the fum of ao,oool. granted in

cloathing of the unembo-died militia 5 and the further fum of i,8oo,oool. granted by this aft, are appropriated as follows; videlicet, 7,040,6611.

3 s. 11 d. thereof towards naval fervices in general.

i^-ooQle

l7^3-) Anns tertio Georgii III. c.17.'

ertformed and to be performed; and for or towards fea fervices n tlic offiee of ordnance, performed and to be performed $ and or or towards defraying the ordinary of his Majefty’s navy, and or half-pay to fea officers; and for or towards maintaining bur thoufind two hundred and eighty-feven marines; and for nr towards the buildings, rebuildings, and repairs, of his Ma-efty’s (hips, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-liree.

VIII.  And it is hereby alfo ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, fo.r That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there ^ho^itaf (hall and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money near Ply-not exceeding three thoufand pounds, for completing the works mouth.

of the hofpital for lick and wounded feamen building near Plymouth.

IX.  And it is hereby alfo enafted by the authority aforefaid, io,oool. upon That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there (hall account to and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money not fionersof exceeding ten thoufand pounds, upon account, to be applied by Greenwich the commifllonefs or governors ot the royal hofpital for feamen hofpital for at Greenwich* for the fupport and relief of feamen worn out and out-penfion-become decrepit in the fervice of their country, who lhall not be crs* provided for within the faid hofpital.

X.  And it is hereby alfo ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, *04,3*91. for That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there lhall charge of the and may be iffiied and applied any fum or fums of money not nancefor " exceeding two hundred four thoufand three hundred and land fervice. twenty-nine pounds, for the charge of the office of ordnance

for land fervice, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three.

XI.  And it is hereby alfo enacted by the authority aforefaid, 4j743»*°5** That out of all or any the aids or fopplics aforefaid, there (hall ***>

and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money not ex- oTtKcVand’ oeeding four millions feven hundred forty three thoufand eight force* in hundred and live pounds, thirteen (hillings, and eleven pence general 3 farthing, for and towards maintaining his Majefty’s land forces, and other fervices herein after more particularly exprefled; that is to fay, any fum or fums of money not exceeding four hundred whereof eighty five thoufand three hundred and feventcen pounds, two  a,#

fhillings, and ten penefc, for defraying the charge of fifty-fix charjre^of thoufand three hundred and fixty effective men, for guards and effec-garrifons, and other his Majefty’s land forces in Great Britain, tive men, Guernfey, and Jerfey, including thofe in Germany, Portugal, and from *5 Dec. Belleifie, for one hundred and twenty-one days, from the twenty- *7  ,

fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty- **7 two, to the twenty-fourth day of Aprils one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three, both days inclufive, according to their prefent eftablifhment, and for reducing their numbers ; and any lum or furtis not exceeding four hundred eight thoufand three 40$,37*!. 131. hundred and feventy-two pounds, thirteen (hillings, and four 4d. for charge pence, for defraying the charge of feventeen thoufand five fc&we men~ Lundrcd and thirty-fix effective men, commiffioned and non- including in-

Y 4  commiffioned  valid*, tor

3*8

guards and garrifons, trom 25 Apr. 2763, to 24 Dec. follow* ingi *

178,8931. ns. for the forces and garrifons jn the plantations, &c. from 25 Dec. 1761, to 24 Apr. 1763)

3*.

6d. for forces, and garrifons in the plantations, See. from 25 Apr, 1763, to 24. Dec. following i

16,4381. 78-for the two regiments of norfe ferying in Germany^ apd four regiments of Foot on the Irifh eftablilh-inent, fcrving in North America, from 25 Dec. 1762, to 24. Apr. 1763 j

x 1,2911. 8s. $d. 2q. for pay of the general and general ftaff officers?

150,oodl. for pay and f loathing Of f he militia; 23,3511. 17s. pd.tothe reduced of-Jfcers of the ' land forces iiud marines 5

Anno tertio Georgii III. c. 17J  [1yGj;

commiffioned officers included, and including two thou/ani (even hundred and forty-three invalids, for guards, gar*, rifons, and pther his Majefty’s land forces in Great Britain, Guernfey, apd Jerfey^ from the twenty-fifth day of April, one thouland (even hundred and fixty-three, to the twenty-fourth day qf December following, both days inclufive, being two hundred and forty-four days5 pny (urn or fums of money not exceeding two hundred feventy-eight thoufand eight hundred and ninety-three pounds, and eleven (hillings, for jnamtaining his Majeuy’s forces and garrifons in the plantations, Gibraltar, Guadeloupe, Africa, Martimco, and the Havarmab, and for pro-vifions for the garrifons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, Providences Quebec, Guadeloupe, Senegal, and Qoree, for one Hundred and twenty-one days, from the twenty-fifth day of December, one tboufapd feven hundred and fixty-two, to the twenty-fourth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three, |x>th days inejufive, according to their prefent eftabWn-meift, and for reducing their numbers; and any film or fums of money not exceeding two hundred eighty one thouiand (even hundred eighty one pqunds, three (hillings, and fix pence, for jpainfaining his Alajefty’? forces and garrifons in the plantations, including thole in garpfpn at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for provifions for the garrifons in Nova Scotia. Newfoundland, Gibraltar, Quebec, and Senegal, for two hundred and forty-four days, from the twpnty-fifth day of Aprils one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three, to the twenty-fourth day of Deumber following, both aays inclufive \ and any fum or fums of money, jnot exceeding fixteen thoufand four hundred thirty-eight pounds, and feven (hillings, for defraying the charge of two regiments of horfe ferving in Germany, and four regiments of foot ferving in North America, on the Irijh eftablifoment, for one hundred and twenty-one days, from the twenty-fifth day of December, one* thoufand feven hundred and (ixty-two, to the twenty-foprth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three, both days inclufive $ and any fum or fytms of money, not exceeding eleven thoufand two hundred ninety-one pounds, eight (hillings, and fix pence halfpenny, for the pay of the general and general ftaff officers in Great Britain, for the year pne thoufand (even hundred and fixty-three j and any fum or fums pf money, hot exceeding one hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, ppe thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three: and any fum or films of money, not exceeding thirty-three thoufand three hundred fifty-one pounds, feventeen (hillings, and fix

[>ence. ppon account of tne reduced officers of his Majefty’$ and forces and marines, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three ; and any fupi or fums of money, not exceeding eighty-eight thoufand feven hundred and four pounds, three (hillings, and four pence, upon account of the reduced officers of his Majefty’s land force* already dilbanded, and fu$h as are

“to

1763.] Anno tertio Georgii III. c. 17.'  329

to b« dilbanded, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and M'70+L'h3S* fixty-three; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding two educed of-thoufand nine hundred and ten pounds, one (hilling, and eight fcers of the pence, for defraying the charge for allowances to the feveral land forces, officers and private gentlemen of the two troops of horfe guards and regiment of horfe reduced, and to the fuperannuated gen- *^, dllbana" tlemen of the four troops of horfe guards, for the year one 1)n’,0l. u. thoufand (even hundred and fixty-thrpe; and any fum or fums sd. to tbe of money, not exceeding one thoufand feven hundred and forty- °®cer* •“<* two pounds, for the paving ofpenfions to the widows of fuch SS£f 5S. reduced officers of bis Majefty s iand forces and marines as died two troops of upon the eftablifhment of half pay in Great Britain, and who horfe guards, were married to them before the twenty-fifth day of December, and regiment one thoufand feven hundred and fixteen, for the year one and thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three; and any fum or fums fuperannuat-of money, not exceeding fifty-one thoufand feven hundred and ed gentlemen eight pounds, thirteen millings* and four pence, upon account, °f d*1* for out-pepfioners of Cbelfea Hofpital, for tne year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three; and any fum or fums of money, i,74,i7fa? 1 not exceeding eighty-five thOufend one hundred fifty-eight potions to pounds, fourteen (hillings, and eight-pence, and three leventh officers wi-

Jarts of a penny, for defraying the charge of two thoufand one dow#i.

undred twenty horfe, and nine thoufand nine hundred foot, 4d*7for’ouN together with the general and ftaff officers, the officers of the penfioners of hofpital, and officers and others belonging to the train of ar- Chclfea hofpi-tillery, the troops of the landgrave of Heffe Caffel, in the pay of ^ 1 .

Great Britain, for ninety days, from the twenty-fifth day of De- sJ^d^fiib-eember, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-two, to the twen-fidy/andTor ty-fourth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-troops of the tf^ree, both days inclufive, together with the fubfidies purfuant^^^j! to treaties; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding pUr^iant eighty-feven thoufand fix hundred and ninety pounds, eighteen treaties; {hillings, an<d fix pence, and four feventh parts of a penny, for de- 87,6fol.18s. fraying the charge of an additional corps of nine hundred and •7d,a/or twenty horfe, and fix thoufand and feventy-two foot, together *rooilg°”f with the general and ftaff officers, the officers of the hofpital, Hcflc Caffel j and officers and others belonging to the train of artillery, the troops of the landgrave of Hejfe Cajfel, in the pay of Great firitain, for three hundred and twenty-eight days, from the firft day of Januaty, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three, to the twenw-fourth day of November, following, both days inclufive, pursuant to treaty; and any fum or aims of money* 4 l4g> pot exceeding forty-five thoufand four hundred and twenty 6d. $-7d. for pounds, fixteen (hillings, and fix pence, and three feventh parts augmentation of a penny, for defraying the charge of an augmentation to the1 troops of the landgrave of HeJJe Caffel in the pay of Great pJrfuaent toe* Britain, confiding of fix hundred and fifty-fix horfe, and two treaty $ thoufand feven hundred and thirty-fix foot, for three hundred and thirty-five days, from the twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-two, to the twenty-fourth (lay of Novembera one tfioufond fevep hundred and fixty-three,

'  both

330  Anno  tertio Georoii III. c. if [1763.

49,3081.i«.id. both days inclufive, purfuant to treaty; and any Aim or Anns ? bfd* f°rd °* money 001 exceeding forty-nine thoufand three hundred and ncopTof^he P°unds, one (hilling and one penny, and three eleventh dukcof parts of a penny, for defraying the charge of one thoufand Bronfwick, four hundred and forty-four cavalry, and two thoufand three purfbaat to hundred and thirty infantry, the troops of the reigning duke of **1 Brunjwick, in the pay of Great Britain, for eighty-fix days, from the twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-two, to the twentieth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three, both days inclufive, together with the fubfidies for the faid time, purfuant to treaties; and 4,3ftSl, Ss. 5d. any fum or fums of money not exceeding four thoufand three to make good hundred twenty-eight pounds, eight (hillings, and five pence, to thedefidency make good a deficiency in the Turn voted laft feflion, for the voted laftfef- P*Y °*m augmentation to the troops of the reigning duke of fion, for the Brunfwick, for the year one thoufand ffeven hundred and fixty-payofaug- two; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding fifty mentation to thoufand pounds, to enable his Majefty to complete the pay-BniidWick j mcnt two hundred and twenty thoufand pounds, as a rtafbn-<0,000 to the able fuccour in money to the landgrave of Heffe CaJTel, purfuant landgrave of to treaty ; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding feventy-Heflfe Caffcl, one thoufand three hundred eighty-one pounds, fixteen (hillings, trotyi**0 and eight pence, for defraying the charge of four regiments of 7i 381I. ,6s. foot ferving in the Raft Mies, for three hundred and fixty-five Sd. for charge days, from the twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven *i*ZVi* hundred and fixty-two, to the twenty-fourth day of December, dies;  000 t^ou^an(^ feven hundred and fixty-three, both days in-

clufive; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one 15s. 3d. for million five hundred eighty-eight thoufand feven hundred fifty-fir extraordinary pounds, fifteen (hillings, and five pence, for defraying the extra-for- oi*dinaryexpences of his Maiefty’s land forces, and other fervices ces, &c. to incurred from the twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand 31 oa. 1761, feven hundred and fixty-one, to the thirty-firfl day of October, not provided one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-two, both day9 inclufive, *°rx"  |  6d  and not provided for by parliament 5 and any !um or fums

for ^xtraordi- money, not exceeding nine hundred fifty-one thoufand two narv expenecs hundred forty-nine pounds, and fix pence, for defraying the of the land extraordinary expences of his Majefty’s land forces, and other fol^the &car fe™0*8* incurred from the firft day of November, one thoufand 1763, nofpro- feycn hundred and fixty-two, to the nineteenth day of February,, vided for, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three, and not provided for by parliament.

s,ooo,oog1.  Xll. And it is hereby alfo enafled by the authority aforefaid,

drwrgc That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there (hall raffed purfo- an<* maY iffued and applied any fum or fums of money, not ant to an aft exceeding one million, to enable his Majefty to difeharge the of the laft like fum railed in purfuance of an a<ft made in the laft feflion of feflion, and parliament, and charged upon the firft aids or fupplies to be aids • granted in this feflion of parliament.

1,500,000!. * XIII. And it is hereby alfo enadted by the authority afore-for paying off faid, That out of ajl or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there exchequer  (hall

L^ooQle

*76*]

J\nno trnio Geojrgii HI. c.tj.

33*

ftia11 and may be iflued and applied any fvun or fijms of money, bills, made not exceeding one million five hundred thoufand pounds, to enable his Majefty to pay off and difcharge the exchequer bills thelaftfcllioni made out by virtue of an aft palled in the lad felfion of parliament, intituled. An aft for enabling bis Majejly to raife a certain fum of money towards paying off and difeharging the debt of the navy, and towards naval JervicfS, for the year one thoufand feven hundred andfixty~two, ana charged upon the firft aids or fupplies to be granted in this feflion of parliament.

XIV.  And it is hereby alfo enafted by the authority aforelaid, 4»5*9b That out of all or any the aid or fupplies aforefaid, there (hall

and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money, not maintaining exceeding four thoufand five hundred eighty-nine pounds, thir- the fettlement teen (hillings, and eleven pence farthing, upon account, for de- pfNova Scotia fraying the charges incurred by fupporting and maintaining the fettlemept of his Majefty’s colonf  in  the  provlded tor*

year one thoufand feven hunared and uxty, and not provided for by parliament; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding 74** five thoufand fix hundred feventy-four pounds, one (hilliqg, and ten pence, upon account, for maintaining and fupporting biifhment of* the civil cftabliftunent of his Majefty’s faid colony of PI ova Nova Scotia j Scotia, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and uxty-three; and any fum or fum$ of money, not exceeding four tnoufand for one hundred thirty-fix pounds, upon account, for defraying the charges of the charges of the civil eftablilhment of his Majefty’^ colony of civ*l Georgia^ and other incidental expences attending the feme, from ^n.tofGe®r> the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred " * and fixty-two, to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand (even hundred and fixty-tnree.

XV.  And it is hereby alfo enadled by the authority aforefaid, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforelaid, there 1  **■

(hall and may be iflued ana applied any fum or fums of money, ^fatbn^o* not exceeding one hundred thirty-three thoufand three hundred provinces thirty-three pounds, fix (hillings, and eight pence, upon ac-in North Ame-count, to enable his Majefty to give a proper compeniation to rica, for ex-the refpeiftive provinces in North America, for the expences in- J^^TlenCbi * purred by them in the levying, cloathing, and pay, of the doathinZaiS troops raifed by the fame according as the adtive vigour and pay of troops ftrenuous efforts of the refpedtive provinces (hall be thought by there r

his Majefty to merit; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding thirteen thoufand pounds, to be employed in maintain- 13,000!. for mg ana fupporting the fort at Annamaboer and the other Britijh fupportingthe forts and lettlements upon the coaft of Africa; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding forty thoufand and fifty pounds, the coaft ot upon account, towards enabling the governors and guardians of Africa $ the hofpital for the maintenance ^na education of expofed and 40,050). to the deferted young children, to maintain and educate fuch children  ?t0

as were received into the faid hofpital on or before the twenty- be fifacd fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty, from without fee j {lie thirty-firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred

and

332  * Anho terdo Georgii III, c.i f. [ty63.

and fixty-two exclufive, to the thirty-firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three inclufive; and that the faid fum be ifTued and paid for the ufe of the faid hofpital with-6,410]. 58. out fee of reward, or any deduction whatfoever; and any fum sq-to or fums of money, not exceeding fix thoufand four hundred SeWtcC^n an<* tcn P°un<^sj five (hillings, and ten pence three farthings, iffued by his t0 make good to his Majefty the like fum iflued by his Majefty*s Majefty, pm*- orders, purfuant to addrefles of the houfe of commons ; and frnnt to the any fum or fums of money, not exceeding five thoufand pounds, houfe of*om- towar<*s enabling the commiffiooers for putting in execution an jnoiuj Com* aft made in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled, Anatt for 5,cool to en- paving* cleaning, and lighting* the fauares, Jlreets* and /ones, able the com- within the city and liberty of Weftminfter, the parifhes of Saint "avi^^c Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George theftfeettof BloomfW, that part of Saint Andrew's Holbom which Res in Weftminfter, the county of Middlefex, the feveral liberties of the Rolls and Sato perform the voy, and that part of the dutchy of Lancafter which lies in the ^th rcP°kd county 0f Middlefex; and for preventing annoyances therein; and m cm 5 for other purpofes therein mentioned* more effeftually to perform 49,cell, ig.sd. Ae trufts repofed in them; and any fum or fums or money, not to ma£e good* exceeding forty-nine thoufand five hundred fifty-eight pounds, the deficiency one (hilling, and fix pence, to make good the deficiency of the of tonnage half fubfiaies of tonnage and poundage, charged with the pay-^F6^nns: and mcnt  annuities  by the afts made in the fixth year of

6 Geo. 1. * the reign of Queen Anne* and the fixth year of the reign of King George the Firft, to fatisfy all annuities charged thereupon 48,1911. 14 s. to the fifth day of January* one thoufand feven hundred and 11 d. to make fixty-three; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding godt^defi- forty.cight thoufand eight hundred ninety-one pounds, fourteen july/i76a,5ofAilHngs, and eleven pence, to replace to the finking fund the the duties on like fum paid out of the fame to make good the deficiency on offices and the fifth aay ©f July* one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-penuotn, and two> cf the feveral rates and duties upon offices and penfions, andUgbts * an<* uP°n  and upon windows or lights, which were

* m*rie a fund by an aft pafled in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his late Majefty, for paying annuities at the bank of England in refpeft of five millions borrowed towards the fupply granted for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred 66,71 ol. to  and fifty-eight and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding

makegood the twenty-fix thoufand feven hundred and ten pounds, to replace to the finking fund the like fum paid out of the fame to make of the addi- good the deficiency on the fifth of January, one thoufand feven tional duty on hundred apd fixty-two, of the additional duty upon ftrong ftrone beer beer and ajCj to anfwer and pay the feveral annuities of three *  pounds per centum per annum, and one pound, two (hillings, and

fix pence per centum, on eleven millions four hundred thoufand pounds, part of twelve millions, borrowed towards the fupply granted to his Majefty by an aft made in the firft year of his Majefty’s reign, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven 7,1511. 9s. id. hundred and fixty-one; and any fum or fums of money, not iq. to nuke exceeding feven thoufand one hundred fifty-one pounds, nine *oodthede-  *  '  (hillings.

1763.} Anno tertio Georgii III. C.17J  33$

(hillings, and one penny farthing, to make good the deficiency .ficiency of the of the grants for the lcrvice of the year one thoufend  £rthc

hundred and fixty-two.  7  17  *#

XVI.  And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore* :Thefe aids to faid, That the faid aids and fupplies provided as aforefaid, (hal^be applied to not be iflued or applied to any ufe, intent, or ;purpofe whatfo- 110 otber ufes. % ever, other than the ufes ana purpofes before mentioned, or for

the Several deficiencies or other payments dire&ed to be fatisfied  r

thereout by any ad or ads, or any particular claufe or claufes for that purpofe contained in any other ad or ads of this prefect  [

feffion of parliament.

XVII.  And, as to the faid fum of thirty-thijee rhoufend three * hundred fifty-one pounds, feventeen (hilling* and. fix pence, and eighty-eight thoufend feven hundred and four pounds, ' three (hillings, and four pence, by this ad appropriated, on. account of half-pay as aforefaid, it is hereby enaded and declared by the authority aforefaid. That the rules herein after

E'bribed, (hall be duly obferved in the application of the faid *

-pay; that is to fay. That no perfon mall have or receive Roles to be any part of the fame who was a minor, and under the age of obferved in fixteen years at the time when the regiment, troop, pr compa-ny, in which he ferved, was reduced; that no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, except fuch perfon whov did adual fervice in fome regiment, troop, or company; that' no perfon having any other place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majefty, (hall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay; that no chaplain of any garrifon or regiment, who has any ecclefiaftical benefice in Great Britain or Ireland^ (hall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay; that no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, who has refigned his commiffion, and has had no com million fincc that no part of the fame (hall be allowed to any perfon by vir-f tue of any warrant or appointment, except to fuch perfons as would have been otherwife intitled to the lame as reduced officers ; and that no part of the feme (ha^l be allowed to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot lately difbanded in Ireland, except to fuch as were lately taken off the eftab}i$wnt of half-pay in Great Britain.

XVIII.  And whereas^ra^an a& of parliament made and Claufe in the pafied in the fecond year^of his prefect Majefty’s reign, inti-  Geo.

tuled, An aft for enabling his Majefty toraife the fum of one million, 3* for the ufes and purpofes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament; and for al- : lowing time for the payment of the Jlamp duties omitted to be paid upr on admifftons into corporations or companies, and appointments to . offices therein; and for the relief of William Earle, in refpeft of a quantity of white Jalt loft by the wreck of a Jhip near the harbour of Dublin; the feveral fupplies which had been granted to his prefent Majefty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to the feveral ufes and purpofes therein exprefled, amongft which, any fum or fums not exceeding thirty-four thoufand mree hundred

Application of the Cavings of the fum of SMStl.grant’ ed laft fdfion towards halfpay.

Any goods . or etfe&s, being the growth or produce of any of the . i (lands ceded by the definitive treaty of to March, 1763, to the crowns of France and Spain, may be !763f P*ywg

Anna tertio GeoRSH flL C. 17J

dred and eighty-three pounds, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majefty’s land forces and marines, fubjedl neverthelefs to fuch rules to be obferved in the application of the faid halkpay* as ill and by the aforefaid  were pre-

ferred in that behalf: Now it is lately provided, eria&ed, and declared by the authority aforefaid, That fo much of the laid Aim of thirty-four fheiifond three hundred eighty-three pounds* as is or (hall be more than diffident to fatisty the (sdd reduced officers, according to the rules preferibed by the (aid ad to be observed in the application thereof, or any part of fuch overplus, (hall and may be difpofed of to fuch officers who are maimed, oT have loft their Timbs in the late wars, of fuch others as by reafbn of their kttlg^ fervice, or otherwife, his Majefty Am judge to be proper obje&s of charity, or to the widows or children Of fuch officers, according to fuch warrant or warrants, under his Majeft/s royal fign manual, as (hall be figned in that behalf; any thing in this alt or the (aid former alt to the con* tfary nptwithftanding.

XIX.  And whereas by the definitive treaty of peace between his Majefty arid the crowns of Frame and Spain, ratified the terith day of March) one thoufand fevfen hundred and (btty-three, the iflarids of Gtiadehupe> Marie Galante, Deftrade, Mar-thrice, and Gtrer, ate ceded to France,, and all that hhr Maiefty hod conquered in the iffand of Gitba is ceded to Spain, and the tefhi of eighteen months to be computed from the day of die ratification of the faid treaty,' is thereby allowed to Britijb fab-jedts to tranfport their eflfe&s front thofe iflands: Arid whereas the produce of thofe places imported into this kingdom, after the reftitution thereof to France and Spain* Will be fubjeft to higher duties than they were liable to* during the time they remained in his Majefty’s prifleffiort: Td the end therefore that his Majefty’s (bbjdts. having effWte in the places before mentioned, may have all due encouragement and opportunity to bring the fame from thence; be it enatfted by the authority a-forefaid, That it (hall and may be iawfol for any of his Mme-ftj^s fiibjefls, to import into this kingdom at any time before the firft day of November, one thoufend feven hundred and fixty-four, and no lodger, in Britijb flffiW*navigated according to law* diredHy from the places b^odPw^ntioned, any goods or effe&$ being the growth or produce^htteof refpdrively, upon payment of fuch and the like cuffoms and duties only, as would be due and payable for the fame, if fuch places had remained and were in the pofliffion of his Majefly; any law, caftom, or uftgfc, to the contrary notwithftanding.

imported by Britifh Aibjefts, in BHtitti (hips, at ary rime before z Nov. common duties.

CAP.

1763.] Annofertio Georgii III. c.ifl.  $35

CAP. XVIII.

An all for granting to bis Majefty a certain fum of money out of the finking fund; and for applying certain monies remaining in the exchequer for the /entice of the year one iboufand/even.hundred andJixty-three.

Moft Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty'i moft dutiful and loyalfubjefis% the, commons Preamble.

of Great Britain, in parliament aj/embled* towards railing the necejfary /applies which we have chearfully granted to your Majefty in this feffion of parliament, have refolved to give and grant to your Majefty the firms herein after-mentioned \ and do therefore moft humbly befieech your Majefty * that it may be enabled} and be it en-adtedby the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and conient of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That by or out of fuch monies as (hall, from Toward* raif. time to tinne, be and remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of I^iefgramcd the furplufies, fexcefles, overplus monies, and other revenues, there may be* composing the fund commonly called The Jinkingfundy after pay-, ifliied out of ing or referving fufficient to pay all fuch fums ot money as have Jhe been directed by any former aft or adb of parliament to be paid not exceeding out of the lame, there (hall and may be iffued and applied, for 2,490,0601. 8 and towards making good the fupply granted to his Majefty fofc the fervice of the year one thousand (even hundred and fixty-three, a fum not exceeding two millions; and the commiflion-r ers of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the com-miflioners of the treafury for the time being, are hereby au- . thorized and Empowered to ifiue and apply the fame accordingly*

II.  And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, 47,120!. 9 s* That the fum of forty feven thoufand one hundred and twenty 6 d. fuxplus pounds, nine (hillings, and fix pence, remaining in the receipt  m

of exchequer, being the furplus of the feveral duties uporVqUCr*Coftbe beer and ale, granted by an suft made in the firft year of his duties on beer Majefty’s reign, after fatisfying all charges and incumbrances and ale $ thereupon, to the fifth day of January, one thoufand (even hun- ^ fucj, part dred and fixty-threc ; and alfo fuch part of the fum of twenty of the fum of thoufand pounds granted to his Majefty in the laft fefiion of par- so,0001. liament, upon account, towards defraying the charge of the  the

pay of the militia of that part of Great Britain called England, towards pay when unembodied, and ot the cloathing of the part of the faid of the unera-militia then unembodied, for one year, beginning the twenty-bodied mili-fifth day of Marebt one thoufand (even hundred and fixty-two,tia> as (hall remain in the receipt of the exchequer after the faid unapp * charges are fatisfied, (hall add may be, in like manner, ifiued. and applied at the (aid receipt, for and towards the faid fup-

ply.

III. And

S36  Anno  tertio  Geor&ii  1IL Ci iS.

Claufe of loan IIL And it is hereby enacted ,by the authority aforefaid, forraifing the That in cafe the faid cofnmiffioners of his Majesty's treafiuy, ofsioao>o(^l» or »y three or morc them now being, or the high treafcirer, *  ’or  any three or more of the comqiiffioners of the treafury for

the time being, (ball think it adviiable to raifc the faid fum of two riiillirms, or any part thereof, by loans of exchequer b^lls, in manner herein after-mentioned, that it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to advance or lend to his Majefty, at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, any fum or fums of money not exceeding the faid fum of two millions, upon the credit of the faid furplufies, excefles, and overplus monies, or other revenues compofing the finking fund, and to have and receive intereft for the forbearance of the money lent, fo as (uch loans be allowed to be made by the faid commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commimoners of the treafury for the time being, who are hereby authorized to iffiie their warrants for that purpofe, as fait as fuch loans (hall be wanted for the publick fervice; and moreover, that no money to be lent upon the fecurity of this a&, (hall be rated or aflefled to any tax or afleflment whatfoever.

Tallies of I v. And be it further enabled, That all and every perfon loan may be or perfons who (hall lend any money upon the credit of this aft (truck for the as aforefaid, and pay the fame into the receipt of the exchequer, amc*  (hall immediately have a tally of loan (truck for the fame, and

an order for his, her, or their repayment, bearing the fame date with his, her or their tally, in or upon which order (hall bealfo contained a warrant for payment of intereft for the forbearance thereof, and to be paid every three months, until the repayment Orders to be of' the principal; fcnd all fuch orders for repayment of money, regiftered and fb to be lent, (hall beregiftered in ctmrie, according to the dates paidincourfe. refpedlively 5 and that all and every perfon and perfons (hall be paid in courfe, according as their orders (hall (land regiftered in the faid regifter books, fo as the perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, his, her, or their executors, &dminiftrators,or afligns, who (hall have his, her, or their order or orders firft entered in the faid books of regifter, (hall be taken and accounted to be the firft perfon or perfons to be paid out of the faid furplufles, excefles, or other revenues; and he, (he, or they, who (hall have his, her, or their order or orders next entered, (hall be taken and accounted to be the fecond perfon to be paid, and fo fucceflively and in courfe; and that the monies to come in of or for the faid furplufles, excefles, and overplus monies, or other revenues. compofing the finking fund, as aforefaid, (hall be in the fame order liable to the fatisfadtion of the faid refpec-tive perfons, and body or bodies politick or corporate, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflbrs, or affigns relpeCHvely, without any undue preference of one before another, and not other-wife; and (hall not be diverted or divertible to any other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever (other than fuch tiles and ptu--

poles

(^.ooQle

^63.] Anftd tertio GEORGfi ill. C. 1$.

0fbks as are appointed by any other aCt or aCts of parliament in ^hat behalf as aforefaid); and that no fee, reward, or gratuity, ^direCtly or indirectly, (hall be demanded or taken of any of his ^Majefty’s fubjeCts, for providing or making of any fuch books *jr regifters, or any entries, views, or fearches, in or for payment of money lent, or the intereft thereof, as aforefaid, by any of hi$ Majeft/s officer or officers, their clerks or deputies, on pain of payment of treble damages to the party grieved, by the party offending, with full cofts df fuit; of if the officer hlmfelf take or demand any fuch fee or reward, then to lofe his place alfo; and if any undue preference of one beford another fhall be made either in point of regiftry or payment, contrary to the true meaning of this aft, by any fuch officer or officers, then the party offending (hall be liable by aCtion of debt, or on the cafe, to pay the value of the debt, with full cofts of (bit, to the party grieved, and (hall be forejudged of his place or office; and if any fuch preference be unduly made by any His deputy or clerk, without direction or privity of his mafter, then fuch deputy or clerk only (hall be liable to fuch aCtion, debt, damages, and cofts, and (hall be for ever after incapable of his office or place: And in cafe the auditor of the receipt (hall not direct the faid orders of loan, or the clerk of the pells record, or the teller make payment upon fuch orders, according to each perfon's due place and order, as before directed; then he or they (hall be adjudged to forfeit, and the refpeCtive deputies and clerks, therein offending, to be liable to fuch aCtion, debt, damages, and cofts, in futh manner as aforefaid: All which faid penalties, forfeitures, damages, and cofts, to be incurred by any the officers of the exchequer, or any their deputies or clerks; (hall and may be recovered hy aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at JVeJifhinJler; wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, injunction* or order df reftraint, (hall be in any wife granted or allowed.

V.  Provided always, and it is declared. That if it (hall happen that feveral tallies of loan, dr orders for payment, as aforefaid, bear date, or be brought the fame day to the auditor of the receipt to be regiftered, then it (hall be interpreted no undue preference, which of thofe be entered firft, fo as he enters them all the fame day.

VI.  Provided alfo. That it (hall not be interpreted any undue preference, td incur any penalty in pbint of payment, if the auditor direCt, and the clerk of the pells record, and the tellers do pay fubfequeht orders to perfons that come and demand their monies, and bring their orders, before other perfons that did not come to take their monies, and bring their orders in courfe; fo as there be fo much money referved as will fatisfy precedent orders ; which (hall not be otherwife difpofed of, but kept for them ; intereft upon loan being to ceafe from the time the money is fo referved and kept in bank for them.

Vol. XXV.  Z  VII.  And

217

No fee to be paid for registering, &c.

Penalty of undue preference!

how to be recovered.

It (hall be deemed no undue preference, where tallies ate dated, or brought the fame day $ nor if fubfe-quent orders be paid before fucn as were not demanded in courfe.

33P  Anno tertio  Georgii  HI.  c.18.  [*76$,

^rdcr* atfign-  VII. And be it further enafted, That all and every  perfim

wiki***  an^ Per^ons to whom any money lhall be due, for loans to

^  #  reziftered by virtue of this aft, after order entered in the book:

of regifter as aforefaid, his, her, or their executors, adgm» ftrators, or affigns, by proper words of alignment to be in-dorfed and written upon his, her, or their order, may aJCgn and transfer his, her, or their right, title, intereft, ana benefit of fuch order, to any other $ which being notified in die office of the auditor of the receipt aforefaid, and an entry or memorv? al thereof alfo made in the book of regifter aforefaid for order* (which the officers (hall upon requeft, without fee or charge accordingly make) ihall intitle fuch aftignee, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and afligns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon; and fuch afiignee may, in like manner, aflign again, and fo Mies quoties y and afterward* it (hall not be in the power of fuch perfon or perfons who have or hath made fuch alignment, to make void, reieale or dif-charge the fame, or any monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

VIIL And to the end there may be no want or failure of a certain fum not to exceed in the whole the (aid fum of two millions, to be raifed, either by fuch loans as aforefaid, pr by iffuing exchequer bills, as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of thofe ways or means, for the pubiick fervice y be Commiffion- it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe the ersofthe trea- commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of ^Tthinkrt t^em now being, or t^e high treafurer, or any three or more more advife- of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, feafi able to raife judge it more advifable’to raife the faid fum of two miliums, thefaid fum or 0r any part thereof, by exchequer bills, inftead of fuch loans as thereofbyex- aforeraid, that then they refpeftively are hereby authorized apd chequer bills, impowered, at any time or times, to prepare and make, or cauie they may to be prepared and made, at the exchequer, any number of new make out any exchequer bills, for any fum or fums of money, not exceeding new exche- *n whok the faid fum of two millions, together with fuch quer bills for l°ans aforefaid, in the fame or like manner, form, or or-the fame, der, and according to the fame or like rules and direftions, as in like manner in and by a certain aft of this prefent feffion of parliament, in-a^lstituled, An aft for continuing and granting to bis Maicjly certain the malt aft o {duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the ferric* of the jeer this fefsion. one thoufand feven hundred and fix ly-three, are enafted and preferred, concerning the exchequer bills be made in purfuance of the faid aft.

Claufes in the IX. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, faid aft relat* That all and eveiy the claufes, provifoes, powers, privileges, quer bflfs^x- advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and eligibilities, contained in tended to* the faid Jaft mentioned aft, relating to the loans or exchequer thofe to be  bills, authorized to be made by the fame aft (except fuch claufes

made out  as j0 charge the fame on the taxes granted by the fame aft, and

tbU aflL* excePt c'aufes as limit the rate of intereft to be paid for the forbearance of money lent on t*i$ credit of the faid aft) (hall be

applied

Anno terdo GEOR/iti til. 0.19*20.

Applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be paid in pur^ fuance of this aft* as fully and effeftually to all intents and. purpofes as if the faid exchequer bills haa been originally authorized by the faid laft mentioned aft, or as if the laid feveral claufes or provifoe* had been particularly repeated and re-en-a&ed in the body of this prefent aft.

X. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That all ^ ^’ll* tfie exchequer bills as (hall be made in puituanceof this aft, and J2iufnf aST* the intereft, premium, rate* and charges incident to, or at- charges, paytending the fame, (hall bb, and are hereby charged and charge- able out of the able upon, and (hall be repaid and borne by and out of the fund# growing produce of the faid furplufles, excefles, and overplus monies, or other revenues, compofing the finking fund (except fiich monies of the faid finking fund as are appropriated to any

{^articular ufe orufes by any former or other aft or afts of par-iament in that behalf) and fuch monies of the faid finking fund (hall and may be ifiued and applied as foon as the fame can be regularly dated and afcertained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling, and difcharging, fuch exchequer bills, intereft, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them (hall be paid off, cancelled, and difchaiged, or money fufficient for that purpofe be kept and referved in the exchequer, to be payablo on demand to the refpeftive proprietors thereof.

XI. And be it declared and further enafted by the authority The bank Im-aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the governor and powered to ad-company of the bank of England, to advance or lend to his Ma- ^ th? jefty in like manner at the receipt* of the exchequer, upon the joan^any1 ° credit of loan granted by this aft, any fum or fums of money fum or fums not exceeding in the whole the fum of two millions $ any thing not exceeding in an aft made in the fifth and fixth years of the reign of King y>oo»oook H^iUiam and Queen Man, intituled. An aft for granting to their yjf ^ M . not-MajeJhes feveral ratesand duties upon tonnage of and  withftaading.

and upon beer,ale, and other liquors, for pences and advantages in the faid aft mentioned, to fuch per fens as J,hall voluntarily advance the Jum of one  milhundred thoufand

pounds, towards carrying on the war againft France, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XIX.

An aft for the more easy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts within the hundreds of Bradford, Melklham, and Whorlfdown, in the county of Wilts.

CAP. XX.

An alt for permitting the importation, from Ireland, of ftale and dirty butter, not fit for eating, commonly called greafe butter.

WHEREAS Jlale and dirty butter not fit for eating, called j VV greafe butter, is an ejfeential ingredient in the mangfaftury of woolen cloth, commonly called broad and narrow bays, which is

Z a  cqrried

Preamble.

$4*  Anno  tertto  GeorCii  III. c.20.

carried on to a great extent: And whereas front the fcdrcity of the faid ingredient, the .faid manufattury is* at prefent* greatly dijfrefleJ, and is in danger of being reduced, and the exportation of fucb goods greatly lejfened: And whereas the permitting the importation, from Ireland, of fuch greafe butter, will be advantageous to the faid ma-faftury* and of great publick utility; be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and eonfent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the Importation fame. That from and after the palling of this ad, the importation of greafe but- of ftale and dirty butter, not fit to eat, called greafe buttery ter permuted fj-om Ireland, lhall be, and is hereby permitted, allowed, and duty free for authorized, for and during the term of five years from thenco the term of next enfuing, and from thence to the end of the then next (ef~ S years,  fion of parliament j and that all perfons lhall be, and are here-

by exempted, freed* and discharged, from the payment of all fubfidies, cuftoms, rates, duties, or other impositions, and alfo from all penalties, forfeitures, payments, and punifhments, for or upon account of importing or bringing into any port within the kingdom of Great Britain, llale and dirty butter not fit for eating, commonly called greafe butter, from Ireland* du-^enng the Cn rlng term a^ore^jd > provided fuch butter, and the package fame at the ana quantity thereof, (hall be duly entered at the cuftom-houfe cuftom boufe. at any fuch port.

Where any II. And be it further enaded by the authority aferefaid. That (hall be feized, in cafe any fuch greafe butter lhall be Hopped or feized by any of ** coming the officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms at fuch port, under pre-meanin? of tence °f its being fit to eat, or otherwife, as not coming within thi# a&f the intent and meaning of this ad, it (hall be lawful for any two * Juftices of juftices of the peace for the county, diftrid* or divifionr where the peace may the fame lhall be flopped or feized, and fuch juftioes arobere-temine ibe ky authorized and required, within fourteen days after applica-matter in a tion made to them for that purpofe, to hear and determine the fummaryway, matter in a fupunary way; and, for that purpofe, to infped, if by infpedion, they think fit, the butter in queftion; and alfo to call before Sol  ^em, and examine on oath, any two reputable perfons, dealers

onoatli/in *n ^utter J one whereof lhall be allowed tp be chofen by the relationthere- importer or proprietor, and the other by the officer or other per-fon fo flopping or feizing fuch greafe butter, and alfo fuch other v&itnefles as lhall be defired by either party; and the determination of the faid juftices therein, lhall be binding and condufive to and upon all parties* wherein no certiorari (hall be allowed.

III.  And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any adion or fuit lhall be commenced againft any perfoh or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this ad;, the defend-s ant or defendants in any fuch adion or fuit, may plead the General iffuc. general ilTue, and give tnis ad, and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon ; and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this ad ; and if it lhall appear fo to have been done, the jury (hall find for the de* fcndaat or defendants j and if the plaintiff (hall be noaniited, ...  ..  or

34i

* 7^]  Anno  tertio  Georgii  IIL  c.2  i.

or difcontinue his a&ion, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if judgment (hall be given upon any verdift or demurrer againft the plaintiff; the defendant or defendants Treble coils, fhall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other Cafes by law.

An aS for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual) an all made in the nineteenth year of the reign of King Henry the Seventh? intituled\ “ Silk works.”

WHEREAS by an off paffed in the nineteenth year of the Preamble, re-reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled, 44 Silk works,” citing claufe it is% amongft other things ordained and enabled, That no manner ofln 19 Hen. perfon Jball from thenceforth bring, or caufe to be brought, into tie realm of England, to be fold, any manner of filk wrought by itfelf \ or with, any other fuff) in any place out of the faid realm, in rib-hands, laces, or girdles, upon pain of forfeiture of all the faid rib-bands, laces, and girdles, ana every of them, in whofe hands foever they be founds or the values of the fame, the one moiety to the King, and the other moiety unto any of the King’s fubjefls that would jue for the fame: And whereas notwithfanding the dforefaid aft, and the ether laws now in being, great quantities of foreign manufactures, and particularly ribbands, laces, and girdles, are brought into, and fold in this kingdom, to the great diminution of the trade and manufactures of this kingdom, and to the great prejudice, hindrance, and impoverifhment, of great numbers of his Majefly's fubjefts \ an evil which, if not timely prevented, will affeft ana greatly leffen the public revenue, and greatly difrefs the filk trade and manufactures of this kingdom: For remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s moflt excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent pf £he lords fpiritual and temporal^ and commons, in this prefent * parliament ^ffembled, and by the authority of the fame, That Forc-n ^ jf any perfon or perfons (hall, after the twenty-fourth day fuuey one thoufand feven hundred apd fixty-three, import, laces, or bring, or convey, or qaufe to be imported, brought, pr convey- girdles, ed, into this kingdom, amr ribbands, laces, or girdles, not made and manufactured ip Great Britain, whether the fame be wrought of filk alone, pr wrought pf filk mixed with any other M forfeit-materials j all fuch ribbands, laces, and girdles, (hall be, apd able, and may the famf are hereby declared to be forfeited; and the fame (hall be feized by and may be feized and detained by any perfop or perfons what- penon j foever, in whatever importers, venders, or retailers hands the fame may be found or difeovered $ ana (hall be difpofed of as herein after is mentioned ; and the perfon or perfons bringing, and the im- ^ conveying or importing fuch ribbands, laces, or girdles, into Pjjrter forfeits this kingdom, or caufing the fame to be fo brought, conveyed, 100 or imported, (]iall alfo forfeit, for every offence, the fum of one hundred pounds; anci all and every perfon and perfons who anj \ per. PjalJ be aiding, abetting, pr aflifting in the bringing and con- fonjaflifting

CAP. XXL

Z3

veying

VJ

thereinf col. tach |

and the vend-  

if**,  retailers,

ft,'/.  perfon 8

Co.*.  ::aiing the

  tori tit,

lV  . 0 the

J ■■>.  - he

  '■ 0 5° 1-

Or.- ~

An$o tcrrip GpoRGn III. & 21.  £ 176*.

veying or importing into this kingdoms any fnchribUads, facet, or girdles, as aforefaid, (hall feverally forfeit ar>d pay the film pf fifty pounds, over and above any intereft which he, (he, or they may have, or may have had, in any fuch ribbands, facet, or girdles.

II.  And be it further enaded by the authority afbctfaid, That all and every perfon and perfops, bring a vender or venders, retailer or retailers, of any kind of ribbands, laces, or girdles, rcfpedhvcly, in whole cuftpdy or poffeflion any fuch ribbands, laces, or girdles, or any of them* (hall be found, or. who (hall fell or expofe to (ale, any fuch ribbands, laces, or girdle?, as aforefaid, or who (hall conceal any fuch ribbands, laces, or girdles, with intent to prevent the forfeiture or feizure rif the (3me, lhall, Over and above the forfeiture and lofs of fuch ribbands. Iace3, and girdles, and all intereft which he, (he, of they, may have therein, for every fiich offence, forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds.

III.  And be It further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

. oe* That all pecuniary forfeitures and penalties incurred under this

King, (hajl be paid,' one moiety to our fovereign lord the King, ;ie other his heirs, and AiCceffors, and the other moiety to him or them he prole- wjio will fop or profeeute for the fame refpedttvely ; fiich of the to be recover- ^  which (hall arife in that part of Great Britain called

cd ia any of England) to be fued and profecuted for in any of his Majeftyfa the courts at courts of record at IVeflmin/ter^ by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, Wcftminfter, or information, in which no effoin, proteftion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed; and fuch of them as (hall arife in that part of Gnat Britain called Scotland, Si%^otSCr t0  arw* Pro^uted for in the court of Exchequer at Edbt-

co ‘ burgh) in fuch manner as any penalties and forfeitures for offences againllthe laws touching theciiftoms may be fued or profecuted for there refpedlively.

Where the  IV.  Provided always; and be it alfo further ena&ed by the

-lu-f the authority aforefaid, That whenever fuch ribbands, faces, and ^out of Lon- girdfas, (hall be found and feized in that part of Great Britain don and Weft- called England, and out of the cities of London and fVtftminjier% minfter, do  and the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, and the fame

not exceed  fhall not elceed ill value the fum of twenty pounds, it (hall and

Two juftices ttiay k® lawful for two or more of his Majefty*s juftices of the may proceed peace for fuch county, city, borough, or place, where th* fame to condemna- (hail be fo found and feized, upon any information before them, t\on’ ^that fuch ribbands, laces, or girdles, were feized as ribbands, * laces, or girdles, unduly brought into, and not manufadhired within, this kingdom, to hear and determine the fame, and to proceed to condemnation or difeharge thereof, as (hall feem juft;

J any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwith-“  (landing.

V. And; for the utter prevention of all and every fuch ribbands, faces, and girdles, feized and condemned as aforefaid, from ever being made ufe of to the prejudice of the trade and piamjftcftures of this kingdom, b$ it further cnafted by the authority

Ajirio tertio Georoii HI. c.2r.  34$

aforefaid, That all and every fuch ribbands, laces, After con-ahd gifcHes, after condemnation thereof, fhall, by order of the demnationthe court, judge or judges, or juftices, where or before whom fuch furnt, fcbtvdemhatioh mall be had, be puHickly burnt and entirely de- Appending tht ftroyed; but the execution of fuch order fhall, and may be fuf- execution pended for fb long time only as may be thought juft and meet, *!j*rco*only tor the better attaining the ends of juftice, with regard to any tionof thepe-fuit or prbfecution haa, or to be had, for the recovery of any nalties. .pecuniary penalty or penalties by this aft inflifted.

VI.  Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted by the The goods, authority afbrefakl. That forthwith, after the feizure of any after leisure, fuch ribbands, laces, or girdles, as aforefaid, the fame, until1° b* depofit-they fhall be condemned, burnt, and deftroyed, as aforefaid, demnationror or difeharged as tmduly feized, fhall be deposited in one of the difeharge, m King's ware-houfes belonging to the cuftom-houfe, in cafe fuch the King's feiiiire happens to be within the cities of London or Wejlminjler, or the weekly bills of mortality, where the fame fhall be receiv- m^c ed and admitted at all times by the proper officer or officers in the bills of there, who is and are hereby impowered and required to re- mortality, ceive and preferve the fame until they fhall be condemned, burnt, and deftroyed, or difeharged as aforefaid; and in cafe If elfewhere, fuch feizure fhall be made out of the faid cities of London and hanVo/ufa JVeJhnin/iet, and the weekly bills of mortality, then the famd chief (hall be depofited in the hands of the chief magiftrate of fuch ftrate, city* town, or place, where the fartie fhall be feized, or in the hands of the conftable of the next adjacent village, who is and or conftable $ tre hereby impowered and required to receive and preferve the fame, until they fhafl be condemned, burnt, and deftroyed, or difeharged as aforefaid ; and all and every fuch ribbands, laces, and to be fret and girdles, may, from time to time, be viewed fcnd infpefted to. infpechon. by any perfon or perfons, on behalf of the profecutor or pro^* ^Lt* &c.0t fecutors, or of the perfon or perfons interefted in, or claiming^ the faid ribbands, laces, and girdles, with the leave of the court, officers, judges, or juftices, where or before whom any profecution or fuit mall be carried on for condemnation thereof, or for recovery of any penalty by this aft inflifted, who are and is hereby required to make and give fuch order, from time to as may be juft and reafonable.

time, for that j

VII. And, for the better difeovering and defefting any offender or offenders againft this aft, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That upon an information in writing made upon Upon infor-oath before any two or more of his Majefty's juftices of the nation given peace for the refpeftive county, or place (which information fhall be figned by the party or parties making the fame) that ftices, fearch there Is good ground and reafon to fufpeft that fuch ribbands, warrants may laces, or girdles, as aforefaid, have been imported into this ** grantcd» kingdom, and are Concealed by, or are in the pofleflion or cu-ftody of any retailer or feller of any kind of ribbands, laces, or girdles, contrary to the true intent of this aft, it fhall ana may be lawful for fuch juftices refpeftively, to iffue their warrant or Warrants to any conftable or conftables, or other peace

£44  Aijno fertio Georgii III. c.iu  £1763,

officer or officers, within the Cud county or place, impowering him or them to feajrch, in the day-time, tbchoufe or boofes, out-houfe or out-houfes, ware-houfes, (hops, cellars, rooms, and other places, belonging to, or hired, employed, or made pfe of, f>y fuch retailer or teller who (hall be fufpe&edto conceal or have in his, her or their pofleffion or cuftody, any ribbands, laces, or girdles, not made or manufadured within andfeizure Great Britain; and if any fuch ribbands, laces, or girdles, made of fuch not being made or manufadured within Great Britain, Stall be theriu^^be f°Vnc*» to ^eizc an<^ carry away the lame, for the purpofc of found?*0 carrying this ad into execution, and to difpofe thereof as is herein before direded.

VIII. And be it further enaded by the authprity afore&id, That if any adion or fqit (hall be jfommenced againft any per-fon or perfons for any thing done in purfuanceof this ad, the defendant or defendants in fuctj adion or fait, may plead the General iffue. general ifliie, and give this ad, and the fpecial matter, in evi-deppp, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was iiphe by the authority of this ad ; and if it (hall appear to have been fo done, then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, or difeontinoe his adion, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared ; or if judgment (hall be given upon any verdid or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants (hall recover Treble cofts. treble cods, and have the like remedy for the lame, as defondT ants have in other cafes by law.

Defendant,  IX. Provided always neverthelefs, and it is hereby enaded,

with leave.  That in every fuch adion, it (hall and may be lawful for thp

mo" defendant or defendants, by leave of the court where fuch fleyui court. a£jon ^all be depending, at alny time before ifTue joined, to pay into court fuch fum of money as'he or they (hall fee fir, as amends for the matter or caufc complained of in fuch adion; ^hereupon fuch proceedings, orders, and judgments, (hall and piay bp had, made, and givpn, in and by luch court, as in other adions where the dtfendant is allowed to pay qioney into court.

'X, And bp it further enaded by the authority aforefaid? That v^th°rcfpcd to ^ any ribbands, laces, or girdles, wrought of filk‘alone, or t{ie place of fdk mixed with any qther materials (hall be feized by virtue where the and in pvirfuance of this ’ad, apd any dpubt prqueftion (hall good § were afterwards arife, where the faid ribbands/laces, or girdles, fo "he‘tow]?" wrought as aforefaid, were manufadured, the proof (hall lie probanJito lie upon fuch perfpn or perfons, being a vender or venders, re-on the perfon tailer or retailers, of any kii^d of ribbands, laces, or girdles, iri whole cu- refpedively, in whofe cuftody or pofleilibn the fame were found, totuidthCy ^ an^ not uPon Pro(?cutor Pr profecutors, plaintiffof plaintiffs;

and in cafe no fuch proof (hall be given, that fuch ribbands, laces, and girdles, were manufadured within Great Britain, (hen the fame (hall, without any further proceeding, be takeqi and held to have been manufadured out of Great Britain, and

contrary

3-Aano tertio Gkorgii III. c.22.  34$

xrontrary to, and in violation of, this a&j any law or euftom Jto the contrary notwithftanding.

XI.  Proyidcd always, and it is hereby declared. That if any Perfons in Aich perfon or perfons, in whofe cuftody or pofleffion any fucfr ^<**7 xibbands, laces, or girdles, as aforefaid, mall be feized by virtue (hall ^feized ^uid in purfuance of this ad (fuch perfon or perfons not im- (not importing or concealing the fame) (hall difcover, upon oath, her porting or ^fbre any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace, the perfon concealing or perlons who fold fuch ribands, laces, or girdles, to fuch th* f"nc) du--perfon or perfons, in whofe cuftody or pofleflion the fame (hall vcndw>g C be feized, fp as that fuch perfon or perfons fo felling the lame * fhali or may be profecuted and convjded according to the in-

%cnt of this ad, as the feller thereof, in cafe the fame (hall be, for be taken and held to be, within the intent and meaning of this ad, manufadured out of Great Britain; fuch perfon or are difcharged perfons fo difcovering as aforefaid, (hall be, and is and arc here- from the pe-by freed and difeharged of and from all and every penalties and lty thcm" ^forfeitures by this ad inflided, upon all and every perfon and jperfons being a vender or venders, a retailer or retailers, having in their cuftody or poflelfion, any fuch ribbands, laces, or girdles, as aforefaid, not made or manufadured in Great Britain, jsrndof and from any proof that fuch ribbands, laces, or girdles, io feized as aforefaia, are manufadured in Great Britain.

XII.  Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enaded by the The wearers jrothority aforefaid. That nothing in this ad contained, (hall of fuch rib-extend, or be in any wife conftrued to extend, to fubjed any bands, laces, .perfon or perfons whatfoever, who (hall wear or make ufe ofor £ird,”»m fuch ribbands, laces, or girdles, as aforefaid, as part of his, her, £Jl for-pr their apparel or drefs only, to any forfeiture, or to any pecu- feiture and niary penalty or penalties inflided by this ad, or to any proof penalty.

Jthat fuch ribbands, laces, or girdles, are manufadured within

Great Britain.

CAP. XXII.

jin aft for the further improvement of his Majeftfs revenue of cufioms\ and for the encouragement of officers making Jeizures; and for prevention of the clandejtine running of goods into any part of his Majejtfs dominions.

WHEREAS by an aft pajfed in the twelfth year of the reign of Preamble, re.

pis late Majejly King George the Firjl, intituled* An ad citine claufe for the improvement of his Majefty’s revenues of cultoms, ex- m 11*• cife, and inland duties, the commiffioners of thofe revenues are re-fpeftively impowered and direfted to caufe all tea* (office* foreign brandy, rum* or other foreign excifeable liquors* which Jhall be feized by any officers of the cujloms or excife, after condemnation, to be pub-Jicily fold to the bejl bidder* at fucb places as the Jaid commiffioners Jhall think proper s and to allow the officers making fuch feizures*for their encouragement* one third part of the full him arifing from the publick fale of all fuch tea* coffee* foreign brandy» rum* or other ex~

Jifeable liquors* free from all charges of condemnation and fale \ and to

caufe

Anno tcrtio GBo&gii III. €.42.  £276$,

the remaining part of the produce of fuch fates, after faying the reward to the officer, and the charges of condemnation and fab for fitth fetzures, to be paid into the receipt of his Majefiy's exchtqaer, in Ben of his Majefiy's moiety, as was then pra&ifed: and whereas by fevered jvbfequent afis of parliament, one moiety of all fines, penalties, ant fonettures, impofed by an afl relating to the duties of excife, or any other duty under the management of the commiffioners of that revenue* is given to his Majefiy,* his heirs, andfitceejjors, and the other moietf to him or them who Jhall difcove/% inform, or Jue for the fame; tn purfuance of which laws the officers of excife feizing any of the commodities herein before enumerated, have been allowed a moiety thereof \ but the previfions in thofi fubfeqtient laws, not extending to Jntb feizures when made by officers of the cufioms, they have hitherto been allowed only one third of the produce thereof purjuattt to the SreffioWs of the befbre^recited aSl of the twelfth of George the Ftrfl: and whereas the power given by the fata retited aft to the refpemvi cM-imffioners of the cujloms and excife, tocaufe the goods therein enumerated to be publickly fold, has been found very advantageous to the revenue; and if the like power was extended in general to aSforts of goods, k Worn prevent many frauds, and illicit combinations pra&tfei by bidders in the court of Exchequer, to the great detriment of the pub* die revenue and the fair trader: and whereas, it is highly reafe+abb andjufii as well as of public utility, that the officers of the cufioms and exafe Jhould have equal encouragament to be vigilant in the exertion of their duty, to fupprefs the pernicious practice of frtugrling; to whiA end, may it therefore pleafe your Majefiy, that it maybe ena&ed; ahd toe it enafted by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fjririttial and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembted, and by the air-Veflehor thority of the fame, That from and after the firft day of May* pood* feized ^ thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three,it (hall and may be ofthecuf-0*” lawftd to an<J for the commiffioners of his Majefty*s ctiftortfc, toms, to be to caufe all (hips, veflels, and boat9, and all goods of what publickly fold, kind foever they may be (excepting only fuch veflels, boats, after condem- ami goods, as are by law liable to be burnt) Which (hall be beft bidder at ^ze<^ by any officers of the cuftoms, for unlawful importation, fuch places as or for non-payment of duties, or for any other caufe of forfei-the comm if- ture, and condemned according to law, to be fold publickly to (ioners of the the bed bidder, at fuch places as the faid Commiffioners (nall thii^rwer. think Proper; and all and every officer who (hall feize fuch Qnenwiety * goods, (hall, for his and their encouragement, be allowed by of the pro- the faid commiffioners, ohe moiety of the net produce arifing duce !° to by the fale of fiich feizure, after deducting thfe^ charges of con-cersj and the ^cmnation art(*  the whole; and the faid commiffioners

other to be fhall caufe the other moiety thereof to be paid into the receipt paid into the of his Majefty’s exchequer, iri lieu of his Majefty’s Chare thereof Exchequer.  (excepting in thofe cafes which are otherwife provided for by

this aft) any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwith-(landing.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enafted by the authority afqrefaid, That after deducing the charges of

cpfldsm#-

*763.] Anno tertio Georgii III. c. 22.  347

condemnation and fale from the grofs produce of all wrought officers to be files, bengals, and (tuffs, mixed with filk or herba of the manu- a}J°"ed> *fter failure of Ptrfia, China, or Eaft India, and all cailicoes, painted, deduftef'two dyed, printed, or ftained there, which (hall be feized and con- third parts of dunned in purfuance of an ait palled in the eleventh and the produce twelfth years of the reign of the late King William the Third, “|??n£rou8ht (intituled An oft for the more efftBual emptying the poor, bp en- fhfffi mixed fouraging the  manufactures of tins kingdom)  the laid commilQoners with filk or

of the cuftoms lhall allow to the officer or officers who Ihall herba, of Per-feize the fame, two third parts of fuch net produce, and caufe Ja"or Eaft the ren^ning third part thereof to be paid into the receipt of n^nu^;nd his Majefty^ exchequer, and that for all mol, and any other cailicoes, feiz-of the fpecies of goods enumerated in an ail palfed in the twelfth ed and con-year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second demned in (intituled. An  aCt for taking off the duties upon woolen and bay yarn  °*

imported from Ireland to England, and for the more  pre-  will. j. *

venting the exportation of wool from Great Britain, anaif wool, and the other wool manufactured, from Ireland to foreign ,after deduiling third to be the charges of condemnation and fale, the remainder of the pro-duce lhall be paid to the officer who lhall feize the fame, in and Upon * fuch manner as by the laid ail is direiled ; and that for aU to- wool, and bacco, tobacco llalks, and friuff, which lhall be burnt or do- other goods ftroyed in purfuance of an ail palled in the twenty-fourth year pf the reign of his late majefty King George the Second (in- ^ produce * tituled, An aft for the more effectual fettering the duties upon  after all

the officer or officers feizing the fame, lhall be paid, in the charges; manner direiled by that ail, three pence for every pound ^co^and**" freight of fuch tobacco and fnuff, and one penny for every pound fauff, ijUrnt> Weight of tobacco llalks; and that for fuch tea as lhall bq burnt &c. purfuant or otherwife deftroyed by order of the refpeibve commiffioners to aft >4 Geo, of the cuftoms or excite, purfuant to the laws now in being, the P*,b* officers making the feizure, lhall be rewarded in fuch manner bacco°ftalks, as the faid commiffioners lhall think proper, fuch reward not id. per lb. •exceeding two (hillings and fix pence for each pound weight of and for tea fuch tea, ip lieu of all other allowances; any thing in this or not'xceedl“S any other ail to the contrary notwithilanding.  *** d" ^ b*

III.  Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enaited by the Where the

authority aforefaid. That if the produce of any particular feizure, Produ“ «f fold in purfuance of this ail, (hall not be fufneient todnfwer the jUf[ notan-pxpences of condemnation and fale; or if upon the trial of any fwer the ex-feizure, a verdiil lhall be given for the claimant, and the Ihip pences of Conor goods (hall not be condemned j in either of thofe cafes, it de">n«ion (hall and may be lawful for the commiffioners of his Majefty’s a verdift puftoms, to otder the charges attending the feizing and profe- be given for curing fuch (hip or goods,-to be paid out of any branch of the the claimant, revenue of the cuftoms which is by law applicable to the pay- tblfhar®ie* -ment of incidents; any thing in this or any other ait of parlia- an/branch ment to the contrary notwithilanding.  of the revenue

applicable to incidents.

IV.  And whereas for the more effectual prevention of the ipfamous practice of ftnuggling, it may be nccefiary to employ

.feveral

Goode

The King to diredb by order of council or proclamation how the (hare of fuch feizures as (hall be made by vef-fels in his fer-vlce, (hall be divided a-mongft the officers and men.

348  Anno tertio Georgii IIL c.22.  £1763;

feveral of the (hips and veflels of war belonging to his Mariefty, his heirs, and fucceflors, on the coafts of Great Britain and Ire-land, and of the other dominions and colonies belonging to the crown of Great Britain y therefore for the better encouragement of all the officers and feamen employed in fuch fervice to do their duty therein; be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflors, to diredt and appoint the moiety herein before mentioned, or any other part of all and every the feizAire and feizures that (hall be made by fuch officers or feamen refpec-tively, fo employed as aforefaid, to be .divided amongft all fuch officers and feamen of fuch (hip or veflel of war, who (hall make any fuch feizure as aforefaid, in fuch proportions, and in fuch manner, as his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflors, (hall think fit to order and diredt, by any order or orders of council, or by any proclamation or proclamations to be made or iflued, from time to time, for that purpofe; and fuch moiety, or other part of the faid feizure or feizures, (hall be fo paid and divided to and amongft all the officers and feamen of fuch (hip or veflel of tvar accordingly.

V.  And whereas the laws already made to prevent the dan-deftine importing and landing of foreign brandy, rum, ftrong; waters, or other fpirits, tea, tobacco, tobacco (talks, andfnufi^ in fipall veflels, which hover upon the coafts of this kingdom, have been found infufficient for that purpofe $ be it farther epadled by the,authority aforefaid. That from and .after the firft day of Juney one thoufand (even hundred and fixty-three, if any foreign brandy, arrack, rum, ftrong waters, or fpirits of any kind . whatfoever, (hall be imported or brought into Great Britain, pr into any port, harbour, haven, or creek, thereof, in any (hip, veflel, or boat, of tlie burthen of fifty tons, or under (except only for tire ufe of the feamen then belonging to and on board fuch (hip, veflel or boat, not exceeding two gallons for every fuch feaman) every fuch (hip, veflel, or boat, with all bet fackle, furniture, and apparel, and alfo all fuch brandy, fame,together arrack, rum, ftrong waters, or fpirits, or the value there-ftfand fVC^'  forfeited and loft *, and where any brandy, arrack,

ture^ffialfbe rum> ftnmg waters, or other fpirits, or any tea, tobacco, forfeited 5 tobacco (talks or (terns ftript from the leaf, or fnuff, is or are and in like liable to forfeiture, by virtue of an adt made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An alt for .indemnifying perfons who have been guilty of offence* againft the laws made for fecuring the revenue of cujlms and and excife, and for enforcing thoje laws for the future; .and by another adt made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his faid felture by°afi ^ate  King George the Second, intituled, Anal7 for the more

9 Geo. 2. effettual fecuring the duties upon tobacco j or either of them, for be-or aft 24. Geo. ing found on board any fuch (hip or veflel at anchor, or hoverr "  N  ing within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or

within two leagues of the more, as is particularly exprefled in thofe adls: it is hereby further enadted, That in every fuch caf$ the (hip or yeflel on board of which fuch goods (hall be fo found,

Where any foreign brandy, arrack, rum, or other fpirits, nqt being for the fhip’s ufe, (hall be imported, & c. in any veflel of co tons, or Under, the

manner, where any fpirits, tea, tobacco, tobacco (talks, or fnuff, are liable to for-

th® veflel on board which the fame (hall be found, if

Anno tertio GeoRGH III. C.22V  349

witK all h6r tackle, furniture, and apparel, (hall alfo be forfeited un^eI5,? ^ and loft, provided fuch (hip or veflel doth not exceed the footed,with burthen of fifty tons.  her apparel $

VI.  And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afore- and the vef-

faid. That every (hip or veflel forfeited by this adt, (hall be feized fels &c. feized and profecuted, and after condemnation be burnt, deftroyed, ^aunTto'be" or ufed in his Majefty’s fervice by the officers of the cuftoms or difoofed of, as excife, and the tackle, furniture, and apparel, difpofed of and veflels of 40 divided, and the tonnage, afeertained in the fame manner as is tonsor under, directed by the laws now in force, with refpedt to veflels of forty fmMrdne tons or under, forfeited for importing foreign brandy or other foreign bran-fpirits.  dy, &c.

VII.  And it is alfo further enadted by the authority aforefaid, No writ ofde-That no writ of delivery (hall be granted out of the court of jjjtjjjjj exchequer, for any (hip, veflel, or boat, that is liable to be the exchequer burnt, deftroyed, or ufed in his Majefty’s fervice by virtue of for any (uch this adt, or any other a<5! relating to the cuftoms or excife, urn- veflel, unlcfs lefs the officer feizing the fame (hall delay proceeding to the [J* £roee<?~ trial and condemnation thereof for the fpace of three terms; and jng * in that cafe, not without good fecurity being given in double and condem-the appraifed value of fuch (hip, veflel, or boat, to return the nation three fame upon condemnation, in order to be burnt, deftroyed, or

tifed in his Majefty’s fervice according to law.  ^ gjven

double the value, to return the veflel upon condemnation.

VIII.  And whereas by an ad! pafled in the eighth year of the Claufes in aft reign of her late majefty Queen Anney for granting to her Ma- 8 Ann. jefty new duties of excile, and upon feveral imported commo- amj & 16 dities ; and by an other ad! pafled in the fifteenth and lixteenth Geo. a. years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second,

for further regulating the plantation trade, and feveral other purpofes; it is amongft other things enad!ed, That every per-fon, upon entry of any claim in the court where any prohibited or uncuftomed goods, or any (hip, veflel, or boat, (hall be profecuted, (hall be obliged to give lecurity, in the penalty of thirty pounds, to anfwer and pay the cofts occafioned by fuch claim; and in default of giving fuch fecurity within the time limited by the courfe of that court for entering fuch claim, fuch goods,

(hips, veflels, or boats ihall be recovered: and whereas many

perfons have, from the fmallnefs of the penalty, been induced

to enter groundlefs claims in fid!itious names, with a view to

put the officers of the revenue to vexatious trouble and delay,

as well as to deter them from profecuting feizures legally made,

by putting them to an extraordinary expence, oftentimes more

than the value of the goods feized, which tends very much to

the prejudice of the publick revenue, and to the difcouragement

of the officers thereof in the execution of their duty: to remedy

therefore this inconvenience for the future, be it enafted by the

authority aforefaid. That from and after the firft day of May% claimant, up-

one thoufand feven hundred and lixty-three, every perfon, up- on entering

on entity of any claim in the court where any goods, (hips, vef- hi* claim, to

•  - fels,

ggo  Anno  tertio  Georoii  III.  C.  f  1763.

fnt Ctcurity fels, or boats, (hall be profecuted, (hall be obliged to give fern fol. to pay curity, in the penalty of fixty pounds, to anfwer and pay the 00 5  cods  occafioned  by  fuch  claim; and in default of giving (Wch

fecurity within the time limited by the courfe of that court for f  claims,  fuch  goods,  (hips,  veflels,  or  boats, (hall be ad-

t0 forfeit®^ and (hall be condemned; any thing in veflfiit© the before recited afts, or any other aft of parliament, to the condemned, contrary notwithftandmg.

Claufes in aft  And  whereas,  by  certain  daufes  in an aft made ki the

$ Geo. i« fifth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled. An aft againjl clandejiint running of uncujlomedgoods9 and for the more effeftual preventing of frauds relating to the cuftoms ; {which claufes have been continued by feveral fubfequent a6ts) it was declared and enafted. That where any (hip or veflel of thfc burthen of fifty tons, or under, laden with cuftomabk or prohibited goods, mould be found hovering on the coafts of this kingdom within the limits of any port, and not proceeding on her voyage for foreign parts, or to fome other port of this kingdom, ynnd and weather permitting, it (hould and might be lawful to and for any officer or officers of his Majefty*s cuf-toms, to go on board every fuch (hip or veflel, and to take an account or the lading, and to demand and take fecurity from the mailer, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel in that voyage, by his own bond by him to be entered into unto his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-ceflors, in fuch fum or fums of money as (hould be treble the value of fuch foreign goods then on board, with condition that fuch (hip or veflel, as foon as wind and weather and the (fate and condition of fuch (hip or veflel permitted, (hould and would proceed regularly on fuch voyage, and (hould land fuch foreign goods in and at fome foreign port or ports ; and if fuch mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, (hould, upon fuch demand, refufe to enter into fuch bond, or, having entered into fuch bond, (hould not depart or proceed regularly on fuch voyage as foon as wind and weather and the (late and condition ot fuch (hip or veflel (hould permit, unlefs otherwife fuffered to make a longer (lay by the collector, or other principal officer in his abfence, of fiicn port where fuch (hip or veflel (hould be, not exceeding twenty days, then, and in either of the faid cafes, all the foreign goods fo on board fuch (hip or veflel, (hould and might, by any officer or officers of the cuftoms, by direftion of the colleftor, or other principal officer as aforefaid, be taken out of and from fuch (hip or veffcl, and forthwith brought on (hore and fecured; and in cafe the faid goods were cuftomable, the cuftoms and other duties (hould be paid for the fame : and as concerning wool, or any prohibited goods, or other goods liable to forfeiture, which might be found on board fuch (hips or veflels at the time of their unlading a9 aforefaid, the fame were thereby declared to be fubjeft to forfeiture, and the officers of the cuftoms (hould and might profecute the fame, as alio the (hip or veflel, m cafe

$  (he

35*

1763*] Anno tertlo Georgn III. c.

(he (hould be liable to condemnation, as in the manner therein after mentioned j and that after fuch goods were fo taken out pf fuch (hip or veffel, and bromjht on more and fecured by fuch officer or officers, fuch bonds fo to be given as aforefaid, (hould be void and delivered up, without any fee or reward for taking or delivering up the fame9 and fuch bond, not being otherwife difchai*ged, (hould, on a proper certificate, returned under the common feal of the chief magiftrate in any place or places beyond the Teas, or under the hands and feals of two known Britijb merchants upon the place, that fuch goods were there landed, or upon proof by credible perfons, that fuch goods were taken by enemies, or periftied in tne feas (the examination and proof thereof being left to the judgment of the commiffioners of the cuftoms) (hould be vacated and difeharged: and whereas the extending of the faid claufes to the reft of his Majefty’s do- The minions, may be a means of preventing illicit trade 9 be it claufes, re-therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That from and af- fpciting cuf-ter the firft day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty- tomable or three, the faid claules, and every part of them, (hall be extend- p!^,b,ted ed to all (hips and veflels of the burthen of fifty tons, or under, yeflels which (hall be found hovering on the coafts of Ireland> or any of 50 tons or other of his Majefty’s dominions or territories belonging to the under, found crown of Great Britain 9 and (hall be of equal force in every h°vcnnE refpeft, in regard to all fuch (hips and veflels found hovering on  *

any of the coafts aforefaid, as (uch claufes now are, or (hail be of the conftrued to be, in regard to any (hips or veflels hovering on cuftom, ex-the coafts of this kingdom 9 ana all offences which (hall be ren^.t0 a,J committed againft the faid claufes, or any part of them, on the fcls founVho-coafts of Ireland, (hall be tried, and the penalties and forfeitures vering on any thereby incurred (hall be profecuted for and recovered, in any of the coafts of his Majefty’s courts of record in Dublin in the faid kingdom9 °f and all offences which (hall be committed againft the faid claufes, offences to ba or any part of them, on the coafts of any other of his Majefty’s tried, and pe-dominions or territories (except this kingdom) (hall be tried, naltiesreco-and the penalties and forfeitures thereby incurred (hall be pro- vered, in any fecuted for and recovered, in any court of admiralty, in the do- of tbc *?ur minion or territory on the coaft whereof fiich offence (hall be Dublin!*1 committed (which court of admiralty is hereby authorized, im- offences in powered, and required to proceed to, hear, and determine, the other part*, lame) or in any court of record in fuch dominion or territory,t0 ** profe-at the election of the informer or profecutor, according to the ^urt courfe and method ufed and pradtifed there m profecutions for miralty, offences againft penal laws relating to the cuftoms or excife; or other and fuch penalties and forfeitures fo recovered there, (hall be ^ou*jt of F** divided and applied in fuch and the fame manner as penalties and forfeitures recovered in Great Britain for the like offences and thefor-are, or in purfuance of this ait may be, directed to be divided feitures to be

wiappM.  S;”'S"d

thofc in

Great Britain*

35$  Anno  fertlo  Georgii  In.  C. 22.  [ iy’6#

CAP. XXIII.

An act to explain, amend, W raa&r effectual, an act made in the lafi feffons of parliament, intituled, An a& for paving, cleanfing, and lighting, the fquares, ftreets, and lanes, within the city and liberty of IVcftminfitri the parifhes of Saint Giles in the fields, Saint George the faartyr. Saint George Bloomjbury, that part of the pariffi of Saint Andrew's Holbourn which lies in thd tounty of jlAiddlefex, the feveral liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that part of the dutchy of Lancafter which lies ia the county of Middlefcx, and for preventing annoyances therein *, and tot other purpofes therein mentioned.

Preamble. \T7HEREAS an aft was made in the iaft feffion of parliament, Aa a Geo. 3. VV intituled\ An adl for paving, cleanfing, and lighting, thp c#lh  fquares,  ftreets,  and  lanes, within the city and liberty of IVeJi-

minfter, the parifhes of Saint Giles in the fields. Saint George the martyr, Saint George Bloomjbury, that part of the parifh of Saint Andrew's Holbom which lies in the county of Middlefcx, the feveral liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that part of the dutchy of Lancajler which lies in the county of Middlefex, ani for preventing annoyances therein; and for other purpofes therein mentioned : and whereas the commiffioners for putting the faid aft in execution, have made fome progrefs in the trufts repofedin them, but find that the faid aft is defcftive, with refpeft to fome of the powers thereby given; nor can the fame be effeftually put in execution, fo as to anfwer the good purpofes thereby intended, unlefs fome new powers are granted, and the faid aft, in other refpefts, amended and made more effeftual 5 may it therefore plcafeyour Majefy, that it may be enafted and be it enadted, &c.

Five commifsioners are invefted with full power to execute all matter* directed by the recited adt to be done by a greater number, except m the

cafe of electing new commiflioners;-and they are impowerrd to alter

the pofition of any of the water-pipes j and to pay the expence thereof out

of the money appropriated for the purpofes of the faid aft.-But the

pavements taken up for placing or amending the pipes are to be repaired by the commiffioner’s paviours, at the expence of the proprietors; and the commiflioners may compound with the faid proprietors for fiteb

repairs.--Pavements liable to be repaired by any parifh, body politick

or corporate, are to be repaired at tneir expence by the commiffioners paviours; and the commiflioners may compound witnfuch parifhes, &c.

for the fame.---They may alfo diredt the courfes of the gutters to be

turned 5 and the grates of the fewers to be removed and replaced; out

of the money appropriated for the ufe of this adt.-All figns, flgn-irons,

pcfts, fpouts, gutters, or other annoyances, may be removed, and new placed by the commifsioners ; and for the future all figns, fpouts, and gutters, fire. are to be placed on the fronts of the houfes they belong to, on

penalty of jl.--Such parts of any of the faid figns, fire. as (hall remain

unufed after the alteration, to be returned to the owners.--Corner

hoafes* fire, fliall be rated no more, than in proportion to the part of fuch

houk.

*7^1 Ahno terdo GeoROII III. c.*4,  25$

hou&, &c. Which i$ fituated in the ftreet, Swhereon fuch. rate made; >

—The rates to be paid by the inhabitants.--------Commifsioners may or-

tier the ftreets to be watered ; and the names of the ftreets or fquares to be affixed on the corner hdufes. . Penalty of defacing or deftroying the

£tme, 40 s.------No inclofure to be made for depofitmg materials fot

building or repairing wjthoqt leave.—Claufe in the aft *9 Geo. s, concerning prefentments by thfe annoyance jury. Repealed.——^-Surveyor,

See. to the coramifsioriers to view and preient all defeftive pavethents; and if the fame are not repaired within 14. days after notice lent for the ptjrpofe, the commifsioners. may order the,fame to be done; and be re-imburfed the charges by the parties; and if the parties refufe or neglect to pay the fame, any juftice may hear And determine the ihtftter in a mm-inary way 1 and lery the charges by diftreft arid fate.—No aftion to be brought in purfuance of this aft, until si days notice in writing (hall be given to the clerk or treafurer of the commifsioners j or after fufficieqt latisfaftion or tender made to the party aggrieved; or after iix calendar

months next after the faft.-----^Defendants may plead the general iflue*

•——and if the aftion be brought contrary to the foregoing limitations, tbe jury muft find for the defendant, who (hall recover treble cofoi

CAP. XXIYw

An dci to ft event fraudulent and occqfional votes in tbe the* tions of knights of the Jbire* and of members for cities and towns which are counties of tbemfelves* fo far as relatei to the right of voting by virtue of an annuity or rent charge.

WHEREAS annuities or rent charges granted for life or lives, Preambles or a greater ejlate* ijfutng out of freehold lands or tenements* are of a private nature* and therefore liable to fraudulent practices in the election of knights of/hires* to the prejudice of the candidatet* and of thofe who have juft right to vote at fucb elections: and ivhere-as tbe right of election of members to fieve in parliament for feveral cities and towns which are counties of tbemfelves* in that part of Great Britain called England, is vefted partly* or in the whole, tn freeholders* in refpeft of freeholders if the yearly value offorty jbiU lings* lying within fuch cities and towns: and whereas annuities and rent charges for a life or lives* or a greater eft ate* ijfuing out offuch freehold Hmas or tenements* are liable to the like fraudulent practices: for remedy whereof* be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tuaJ and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afifembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and perfori after the firft day of Auguft* one thoufand feven hundred and mar vote irf fixty-four, no perfon (hall vote for ele&ing any knight or elections of knights of a (hire, citizen or citizens, burgefs or burgefles, of any fuch city or town for that part of Great Britain called Eng- members for land* for or in refpeft of any annuity or rent charge ifluing out cities and of freehold lands or tenements, and granted before the firft day towns which of June* one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-threc, unlefs a certificate, upori oath, (hall have been entered twelve calendar  If***

months, at leaft, before the firft day of fuch eleftion, with the any annuity clerk of the peace for the county, riding, or divifion, or with or rent charge the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other publick officer, hav-Voio XXV.  A  %  ing  unlsfr

3££  Anno tertio Grorgji, III. c.24.  *  [1763;

at certificatebe ing the coftody of the records within fiich city^or^town where the^Wk^of^ lands or tenements do lie,  follows^ $\af i*ta  7

6*p«ace, or o#hcr proper ofioar, i* month* before jw>y fuchf 1^^begims; <r ^

IA,B. of  pm realty phifoo

of an annuity or rent charge? for my awn pf? updb^i^f^ojfqe dear yearly value of forty fallings, above all retpsn^,d^^es^faMe out vf the faiqe\ wholly tffuing out of freehold hmi^JmimepU, V.&-reiitamenu, belonging to C. D, of , 'faath$P*£k being, in the parifh, townfhip, or place, or in the parifas, i<dvnjhips> of placet, of E. in the county of  without any trijlr Pf ***-

gnent, matter, or thing, td the contrary notwitbjiandingy and T> Sr;the pyrfon or per fens under whom 1 claim, was or werefeizzd oft fie fold annuity or rent charge before the firjl day of June, one thoufmd feven hmdred andfixty-'three*

#nd m like II. Arid be it further ehafttd by the authority aforctnd, ahanner with That nopcrfon (hall vote for the^lodbng any knight or Rights ^.crpr? to/uch rif a (hire, or for a citizen or citizens,. burgefs or ’Wrgefles, of a^lhaH come8 anY f^h city Or town* for that part of Great Britafh qandd ]?^-by defeent, IdHd, in refpedt of any annuity or rcrit charge iflliing out 6f free-marriage, Jiald lands, tenement*, or hereditament*, which Thill cotae to isu^n,^^en" f^ch perfon by defeent marriage, marriage fettlement, dcvife> /romotkm. prefentatiwto a benefice in a church, or Dromotion to an ^office, within twelve calendar months next before fuen elation refpedtivelv, unlefs a certificate upon oath, of affirirbripil tf a quaker, (hall have been entered with the cleric of the pdade,’ tdWh clerk, or other officer as aforefaid, before the firft day of fuch , eledion, as follows; thatisJto fay, .

I A. B. of  am  ready  and  fized of cm

annuity or rent charge, to my own tife and benefit, of Hhe ch&r , yearly value of forty Jhillings a year, above all rents \arid tfiufgei payable out of the fame, wholly jffuing out of freehold lands, terimeiits, or hereditaments, belonging to C. D. of ’ y 'fitiiate, tythg, and being in the parijh, toWnJhip, or place, or in ihe panjhei^ 'fckiljfoips, or places, of  in the county of, / ; .<  '  with fat  any

trujl, agreement, matter, or thing, to the cofir ary ndtwitbfldkdlng ; and I becamefrized of the faid annuity or reht flarge, on the day of  lajl  pajl, by defeent or otherwip [as the cife rriiy

^aPFen-) . .  .  : ,'..'.7 '

iSfor aify HI. And fee it .farther

perfon vote m That from and after, the faid firft day of Avgiijtthoufand

tmy ejection feven hundred and fixty-four, no perfon (half votV J^'anyela-

aforefaid, ticn 0f a knight or knights of the (hire, 6t ofariy '£3tte^ri or

Ug‘ citizens, burgefs or tnirge(Tc$, of afiy (ben 'fcity of  within

in refpe6t of that part of Great Britain called England, for 6r inrefpedt stfiy

any annuity annuity or rent charge to be granted jtfter the faid nrft d^y’of

or rent charge **unf one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three, uhlefs dibc-granted after J  6  ?  " ’  morill

7*> 3-1 Anno tertio Georgii III. c. 24.  355

norial of the grant of fuch annuity or rent charge (hall have the faid t >een regiftered with the clerk of the peace of the county, riding, unleftVme->r <livifion, or with the clerk of the peace, town clerk, ormoriajoffte >ther public officer, having the cuftody of the records, within grant duly attach city or town where the lands or tenements out of which tefted, be re-Ixch annuity or rent charge iffues (hall lie, twelve calendar frionths at lead before the firft day of fuch eleftion; which me- a 1 norial (hall be wrote on parchment, and diredted to fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other publick officer, and (hall be under the hand and feal of the grantor and grantors, and at-tefted by two witnefles, one whereof to be one of the witnefles to the execution of fuch grant; which witnefs (hall upon oath before fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer as afore(aid, or their deputies, prove the fealing and delivering of luch grant, and the figning and fealing of fuch memorial; and which memorial (hall contain the day and year of the date, and the names, additions, and abodes, of the parties and witnefles, and all the lands and tenements out of which the annuity or rent charge iflues, and the pari(h, townlhip, or place, or the parifhes, townlhips, and places, where fuch lands and tenements lie ; and that every fuch grant, of which fuch memorial Such grant to is fo to be regiftered, (hall, at the time of entering fuch memo-rial, be produced to fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, other officer, as aforefaid, or their deputies, who (hall thereon and the day endorfe a certificate, in which (hall be mentioned the day and and year of

year on which fuch memorial (hall be fo entered.  entering the

'  memorial to

%  be endorfed thereon by the proper officer*

IV.  And be it farther enatfted by the authority aforefaid, Nor may any That from and after the faid firft day of Augujiy one thoufand  in

feven hundred and fixty-four, no perfon (hall vote at any elec- a^nment of tion of a knight or knights of the (hire, or of any citizen or any annuity citizens, burgefs or burgefles of any fuch city or town, in that or rent charge part of Great Britain called England^ by reafon of an affignment m“*c bcforc of any annuity or rent charge, or any part or parts thereof, 17 3> made before the faid firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three, unlels a certificate of fuch affignment unleft a certi-upon oath, to the purport ljerein before mentioned, with refpedt fic?t.e thc to an original annuity or rent charge, (hall have been entered with be «-fuch cleric of the peace, town clerk, or other officer as aforefaid, tered as afore-twelve calendar months at lead before the firft day of fuch elec- faid; tion; and that no perfon (hall vote at any fuch election as afore- *nd thc faid, by reafon of an affignment of any annuity or rent charge, ^d^afterthe or any part or parts thereof, made after the firft day of June one fajd t June, tbouland feven hundred and fixty-three, unlefs a memorial of then amerao-fach affignment, and alfo a memorial of the grant of fuch an-rid tirereof, nuity or rent charge of which fuch affignment (hall be made, to be (hall have been attefted and regiftered twelve calendar months fretted and at lead before the firft day of fuch election, in the fame manner reriftered as as is herein before directed with refpedt to the memorial of an i8^®^cd.in original grant of an annuity or rent charge.  ,r  .  ,  jjjS

An  V. AndD

35$

Books to be kept by the proper officers for entering fuch certificates and memorials.

Fees for entry, and fearch.

and for co-pies.

Officer may adminifter an oath in cafes afore faid. Copies atteft-ed by the proper officer, deemed legal evidence.

Memorials of grants or affign meats made and executed above 40 miles from the office of clerk of the peace, &c. to be regiftered, upon producing an affidavit made by one of the witnefles before one of the judges at Wellmlnftcr, or a mafter in Chancery.

Officer, or deputy, to attend, upon reafonable notice and fatisfaftion, with the books

Anno tertio GeoRGH III. c. 24.  [1763-

V.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the clerk of the peace of every county, riding, or divifion, and the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer as afore-faid, of every fuch city or town, (hall keep a book or books for the entering of every luch certificate and memorial, and (hall be allowed for the entry of every fuch certificate the fum of one (hilling, and of every fuch memorial, two (hillings, and no more; and for every fearch for any certificate or memorial, one (hilling, and no more; and that any perfon or perfons may, at, all feafonable times, refort to and infpedt the certificates, memorials, and books of entries thereof: and fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer as aforefaid, or their deputies, is hereby directed and required forthwith to give a copy of any certificate or memorial to any perfon or perfons who (nail defire the fame* paying for fuch copy, if it contains not more than two hundred words, the fum of fix pence: and fo in proportion for any greater number of words: And fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer as aforefaid, or their deputies, is hereby impowered to adminifter an oath in all cafes where an, oath is required by this a&; and true copies of the aforefaid certificates and memorials attefted by fuch refoe&ive clerks of the peace, town clerk, or other officer as aforelaid, or their deputies, (hall, at all times, be allowed and admitted as legal evidence in all cafes whatfoever.

VI.  Provided always, and be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That a memorial of fuch grant or alignment as (hall be made and executed in any place not within forty miles of the office of the clerk of the peace for the refpe&ive county, riding, or divifion, or of the town clerk, or other officer, as aforefaid, (hall be entered and regiftered by fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer, as aforefaid, or their deputies, in cafe an affidavit fworn, or affirmation of a qualer, before one of the judges at JVcJiminfler, or a mafter in chancery, ordinary or extraordinary, be brought with the faid memorial to the faid clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer as aforefaid, wherein oneof the witneffes to the execution of fuch grantor alignment (hall fwear that he or (he fawthe fame executed; and the fame (hall be a fufficient authority to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer, or their deputies, to give the party that brings fuch memorial a certificate of the regiftering fuch memorial; which certificate, figned by the faid clerk or the peace, town clerk, or other officer, as aforefaid, or their deputies, fhajl be taken and allowed as evidence of the regiftry of the fame memorial in all courts of record whatfoever; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.  And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the clerk of the peace of every county, riding, or divifion, and the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer, as aforefaid, of every fuch city or town, or their deputies, (hall, upon reafonable notice, attend at any fuch ele&ion with the book or books of entries of every fuch certificate and memorial, at the

reqaeft

1763*] Anno tertio Gequgii III. c.25.  357

requeft .of any candidate, or candidates; be or they making him of eotne* «t reafooabk fatisfaltion for inch attendance.  ■  agffcehelee.

VIII.  And he it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, officer guilty That if juavjpkrk of the peace, town clerk. or other officer, as ofany neg-aforefiud, wall beguilty of anywilful negleft, mifdemeanor, dr or mtf> fraudulent predict, contrary to. the true intent and •meaning of

this alt, every finch clerk of the peace, town cleric, or other officer, as aforefaid, (haU, for every fucfr offence, forfeit one hundred pounds to the perfon who (hall fue for die fame, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Ma-jefty’s courts of record at WtJlmnAtr; wherein no effoin, pro-te&iop, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

IX.  Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and Limitation of declared by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon (hall be profecutioni. liable to any forfeiture or penalty by this alt laid or impofed,

unlets proiecution be commenced within twelve months after fiich forfeiture or penalty (hall be incurred.

CAP. XXV.

An an to continue and amend two acts made in the twenty* firft and twenty-eighth years  bis late

for encouraging the making of indico in the Britifh fattens in America; and for extending tbe previfions of an act of the thirtieth year of his late Majefty's y with refpeetto bringing prize goods into this Spanifh prize goods taken Jincethe late declaration of V/ar with Spain.

WHEREAS the law for encouraging the making of indico tn tbe Brithh plantations in America has bent found to be very uffid and beneficial to the publxck, and is fo near  that it is

fit  it Jbouldbe continued; be it therefore enalted by the King’s

mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament adembled, and by the authority of the feme, That an alt made in the twenty-firit year of the reign of his late xnajedy King George the Second, intituled.  ail for encourag-

ing tbt making of indico in the Britifh plantations in America, which was to continue in fqree for foven years, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and forty-nine, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament j and which, by another alt of the twenty-eighth year of his faid late Majefty’s reign, is further continued, from the twenty-fifth day'of March, one thousand feven hundred and fifty-fix, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufarid feven hundred and fixty-three,. and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; (hall be, and the fame is hereby, further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the

A a 3  twenty-

preamble,

The aft of u Geo.« relating to Bri-tifli plantation* mane indico, which was continued by

an a& of *8 Geo. a.

is furtbcrcon? tinued to a $ March, 177Q,

55$*  Anno  tertio Gsorgii III. G.25.  £1763^

twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy, and from thence to the end of the then next fcffioa of parliament.

After **Pira* II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforc-term Umited That from and after the time limited by the laid a& of by the a& of the twenty-eighth year of his Jate Majefty’s reign, no more than *8 Geo. x. four pence on the pound wdjght (hall be paid and allowed as a a bounty only boUnty ^ jndico imported from his Majefty's colonies, under to be avowed the regulations and reftriftions mentioned in the fiid ad of the on all fuch in- twenty-firft year of the reign of King George the Second; and dico import- that no part of the faid bounty of four pence on the pound unier the weigh* (hall be repaid upon the exportation of fuch indico. regulations of the a& of n Geo. %, No part of the bounty to be repaid on exportation.

Poubts, with refpett to the quality of the indico claiming the bounty, in any of the out ports, to be determined by two persons nulled jn the commodity j

hut If a competent number of fuch perfons cannot be found there.

Samples of the indico are to be fent to the eommiffion-•rs of the puitoms.

Provifions In a<5l “jo Geo. ». encouraging the importation of prize goods, extended to Spanifh prize £oods.

III.  Provided alfo, and be it enadted, That in cafe any doubt or difpute (hall arife between the furveyors or officers of the cufr toms, and the owners or importers of indico imported into any of the out ports of Great Britain* as to the quality of the feme, it (hall and may be lawful for the collector of hjs Majefty’s cuf-toms in any fuch out port, to call two pr more dyers, dry filters, brokers, or others, well (killed in that commodity, who (hall declare upon oath, if required, their opinion as to the quality of the fame, and, according to the belt of their judgment, determine .whether the laid indico is or is not iotitjed to the premium granted by the above recited a<ft.' ;

IV.  Provided neverthelefs. That if a competent number of perfpns well (killed in that commodity, to be approved of by the collector of the cuftoms, in any out port where indico is imported, cannot be found in fuch out port, then, and in fuch cafe only, where any doubt or difpute (hall arife as aforefaid, famples of luch indico, if imported into any out port in England* (nail be taken and fent to the commiflioners of the cuftoms at London ; and if imported into any out port in Scotland* to the com* miflioners of the cuftoms at Edinburgh; in fuch manner as the refpedtive commiflioners (hall diredl, in order to be infpe&ed and adjudged bv fuch perfons, and in fuch manner, as are pre-fcribed by law tor indico imported into the port of London.

V.  And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That all the provifions of an a<ft palled in the thirtieth year of his late Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for the relief and encouragement of the captors of prizes, with ref pelt to the bringing and landing prize goods in this kingdom \ be extended to Spanijb prize goods taken fince the late declaration of war with Spain.

CAP. XXVI.

An act to continue and render more effectual two acts of far-liament for repairing the roads from Lemsfbrd Mill, through Welwyn and Stevenage, and by Cory's Mill, to Hitchin; and from Welwyn, through Codicot, to llitchin, in &e county of Hertford. •

i7$3-]  * Annoterfio GBORonm. c.27—32.'

CAP. XXVII.

4* act to continue and render pure effectual two acts of parliament for repairing and widening the rood leading from the Black Bull lou in Dunftable, in the county 0/Bedford, to the way turning out of the faid rood up to Stafford Houfe, in the county of Hertford.

CAP. XXVIII.

/in act for continuing an act paffed in the eleventh year of bis late  majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft

for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixth part of a penny fterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer which lhall be brewed for fale, brought into, vended, tapped, or fold, within the town tbock,and  liberties thereof.

CAP. XXIX.

/in act for enlarging the term and powers granted hy two • acts of parliament of the fixth and twelfth years of bis late .  Majeftfs reign, for repairing the road from Fyfield in the

county of Berks, to Saint John’s Bridge in the county of Gloucefter, and from an inn called the Hind’s Head, in the farijb of Kingfton Bagpuze in the faid county of Berks, to that part of Newbridge which fiands in the faid county of Berks; and for rendering the faid nets more effectual.

CAP. XXX.

/in act to enlarge "the term and powers granted hy an act made in the eighteenth year of the reign of bis late majefiy King George the Second, intituled. An aft to repair ana widen the road leading from Godmancbtfter in the . county of Huntingdon, through Fen Stanton 2nd Cambridge, to the firft rubbing houfe on Newmarket Heath, in the county of Cambridge.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from a place colled Nightingales, in the townjbip of Heath Charnock, tot/te bridge at the weft end of the town of Bolton in the Moors, in the county palatine of Lancafter.

CAP. XXXII.

An act for repairing the road from Newmarket, over Newmarket Heath, to the turnpike road leading to Stump Crofe, in the counties ^/Cambridge exd Suffolk.

!$0  Anno  tertio  Georgii  III.  c.  33—38.  £1763;

CAP. XXXIII.

'An act for repairing,  widenand keeping in repair., tbo

road from Kirkby Kendall, in the county «/Weftmorc? land, to Kirkby Irelcth, in the county of Lancafter.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for repairing;  widenand keeping in , the

high road leading from the fourteen mile  the  parijb

of Mothvey, in the county of Carmarthen, through Llandovery, to Llydiad y Gwyn, the parijb of Llandilo vawr; and from thence by Cledfulch, and over Dulds Bridge, to the town c^Landilo yawr; and from the /aid town along the pofi road, by Rhwyradar, through the county borough of Carmarthen, and village of Saint (Hears, to Tavern Spite, in  of  KifEg,  at  the

borders of the county of Pembroke.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for repairing, widening, and keeping in

roads leading from the town g/'Barnftaple, in the county ^ Devon.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for repairing,  wideniand keeping in re-,

pair, the road from the town of Cambridge to Ely, and from thence to Soham; and for building a bridge croft the river Ouze, at or near a place called Stretham Ferry, ifftbf county of Cambridge.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act to continue and render more effectual feveral acts of parliament for repairing the road from Highgate Gater Houfe, in the county of Middlefex, to Bdrnet Block-houfe, in the county of Hertford; and the road from the Bear Inn in Hadley, to the Angel in Endfield Chace;

andalfo Canewood Lane, leading from Highgate to Hampftead, in the /aid county of lyliddlefek; and fyr repairing and widening the road, being part of the great North from London, beginning at Barnet Block-houfe, and ending at the Bear Inn in Hadley

CAP. XXXV11I.

An act for amending and widening feveral roads leading from gr near the north end of tbti town and borough of Totnes,

In the. county of peyoq,

#763.] Anno tertio Georgii III. c. 39—45.  361

CAP. XXXIX.

Jn act for making a navigation from the river Humber, a canal or cut, at or near Tetney Haven, to the river Ludd, in  the parifts 0/Alvingham,  in the county Lin-

coln ; andfor continuing the faid navigation in or near the faid river, from  thence,to or near the town of Louth, in

the faid  cosaity.

CAP. XL.

An act for  maintaining, regulating,  and employing the poor

within the parijh of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, in the county of Middlefex.

CAP. XLI.

An act for paving, lighting, and cleanfing the city «/• Coventry, and its futures •, for preventing annoyances therein j and for better ordering the publick wells and pusnps there.

CAP. XLII.

An act for continuing the duties, and enlarging the granted by two acts made in the fifth and twenty-fifth years of bis late Majeftfs reign, for enlarging the pier and bar-pour of Scarborough in the county of York.

CAP. XLIII.

An act for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the turnpike road, between Ofweftry tfftd Wrexham, at or »rarvWhithuriPs Houle, through Llangollen, to the moft proper and commodious Joining of

• the turnpike road leading from Wrexham to Ruthin, at or near Tavern Dwyrarch; and from Llangollen faid, through Acre Fair Colliery, to the Finger Poft, at the joining of the road leading from Ofweftry to Wrexham in the county of Denbigh.

CAP. XLIV.

An act for repairing and widening the road, and opening a communication, from the houfe of Thomas Hughes adjoining to Halkin Mountain, to Farm \ and acrofs the 'old poft road in Counfillt-fechan, to a houfe at Nant y Mod), in Bagillt, in the occupation of Thomas Gill, in the county of Flint.

CAP. XLV.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Lawton, in ‘ ’ the county of Chefter, to Burftem and Newcaftle under Lyne, in the county pfStafford, and other; roads therein mentioned.

Anto tcrtio Georgii III. c46—51.  [  1763.

CAP. XLVI.

An act to continue the term, and enlarge the powers of fevered acts of parliament for repairing the roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading; and from the fai bridge to Henfey Bridge, in the county of Berks.

CAP. XLVII.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of

the firft and twelfth years of the reign of bis late majejly King George the Second,for repairing the road from the powder wills on Hounjlow Hin the county of Mid-dlefex, to a place called Bafingftone, near the of Bagfhot, in the parijh of Windlelham, in the county of Surrey.

CAP- XLVI1I.

An act for the better cteanfing and enlightening the lanes, and publick ways, of the city of York, and the urbs thereof, and of the liberty of Saint Peter within the faid city; and for keeping the fame in repair and free from annoyance \ and for regulating the hackney coachmen and chairmen, carmen and draymenwithin the fame.

CAP. XLIX.

. An act for taking down the parijh church of Saint Andrew, in the city  of Canterbury; andfor building a new church

in a more convenient place.

CAP. L.

An act for vejling certain parcels of land in Paddington, in the county of Middlefex, in the rector and churchwardens of  the parijh of Saint George Hanover-Square, in the

faid county *, and appropriating the fame for a burial ground for the faid parijh.

CAP. LI.

An act to amend and render more effectual fo much of an act poffed in the lajt ftffion of  parlintituled. An aft for

amending and widening the road from the market houfe in  Stourbridge, to Colley Gate, in Cradley, and from Pei-

more to  HoUyHall, and from Colly Gate to Halejowen,

and from the turnpike road on Dudley Wood to Rednall Green, in the parirn of King's Norton, and from Carter's Lane to .the Bell Inn ,at No in the counties of Worcejler, Stafford, and Salop, as relates to the road from the turnpike road on Dudley Wood to Rednal Green, and from Carter's Lane to the Bell Inn at Northfield.

1763.] Anno terrio Georgii ill. c.52—58;

CAP. LII.

An act for amending and widening the roads leading from New Street and Pig Street, in Penryn, in the county of Cornwall, to Redruth, in the fame county.

CAP. LIU.

An act for  maintaining, regulating, and employing the poor

within the parijh of Saint Mary WhitechapeJ, in the county of Middlefeifor cleanft and lighting the fquares,  ftreets,  lanes, alleys, courtyand ether open

paffagesand places^ and regulating and keeping a nightly watch, within Jucb parts of the faid parijh- as are not within the liberties of the Tower of London, or city of London •, and to enable the parijhioners to raife money to defray the expences of repairing the faid parijh church.

CAP. LIV.

An act for the better and more easy rebuilding of the town of Wareham in the county of Dorfet; and for determining differences touching houfes and buildings burnt down or demolijhed by reafon of the late dreadful fire  and for

preventing future danger by fire.

CAP. LV.

An act for lighting the Jlreets and other places, and maintaining a regular and nightly watch, within the town and county of the town of Newcaftle upon Tyne 5 and far regulating the hackney coachmen and  ,

porters, and watermen within the fame.

CAP. LVI.

An act for the better paving of the ftreets, and for preventing nufances and other annoyances in the town of Goiport, in the county of Southampton.

CAP. LVII.

An act for continuing and enlarging the term and powers of an act made in the tbirty-fecond year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from the town Derby, to the town of Newcaftle under Lyne, in the county of Stafford •, and for repairing and widening the road from Cliffebank to Snape Marfh, in the village of Shelton, in the county of Stafford.

CAP. LVIII.

An act to continue the term and enlarge the powers of two acts of parliament, for repairing the highways from White-

364  Armo  tertio  Geougii  III. d.59.

Whitechapel churchy  county of Middldex, to

Woodford, in the county of Effex; and for enlightening and matching fart of the faid highway from Whitechapd church to Stratford; and for repairing the road through the patijbes of Chigwell Lamboum, in the county of Effex.

CAP, OX. .  .

rfbi act for repairing and widening the road leading from the town of Stafford to Sandon, ijt the county of Stafford;

andfeveral ether roads in the counties of Salop and Stafford.

