THE

Statutes at Large,

Anno quadragesimo primo

GEORGII III. Regis

Being the FIFTH Session of the Eighteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

VOL. XLII. PART III.

A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

Passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of his Majesty

KING GEORGE the THIRD.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

Cap. 1. TO prohibit until the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and one, the exportation of rice; and to indemnify all persons who have been concerned in preventing the exportation thereof, or in the nonperformance of any contracts and agreements that shall not have been performed in consequence thereof.

Cap. 2. To authorise his Majesty, from time to time, to prohibit the exportation of provisions or food.

Cap. 3. To prohibit, until the first day at January one thousand eight hundred and two, the use of corn in distilling of spirits or making of starch.

Cap. 4. For suspending, until the twentieth day of August one thousand eight hundred and one, the duties on hops imported, and for charging other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 5. For continuing, until the expiration of forty days after the commencement of the first session of parliament that, shall be begun, and holden after the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and one, several laws relating to the prohibiting the exportation, and permitting the importation, of corn and other articles of provision, without payment of duty; to the allowing the use of sugar in the brewing of beer; to the reducing the duties upon spirits distilled from melasses and sugar; and to the prohibiting the making of low wines or spirits from wheat, and certain other articles, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 6. For shortening, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, the time of keeping in steep for malting, barley damaged by rain in the late harvest.

Cap. 7. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and one.

Cap. 8. For continuing and granting to his Majesty a duty on pensions, offices, and personal estates, in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed; and certain duties on sugar, malt, tobacco, and snuff, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and one.

Cap. 9. To explain and amend an act, made in the twenty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better relief and employment of the poor.

Cap. 10. For granting bounties on the importation of wheat, barley, rye, oats, pease, beans, and Indian corn, and of barley, rye, oat and Indian meal, wheaten flour, and rice.

Cap. 11. To permit, until the first day of October, one thousand eight hundred and one, the importation of herrings and other fish, the produce of the fishery carried on in Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Newfoundland, and on the coast of Labrador, into this kingdom, without payment of duty.

Cap. 12. For making better provision for the maintenance of the poor, and for diminishing the consumption of bread corn, by directing the manner of applying parish relief, until the sixth day of November one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence until the end of six weeks after the meeting of the then next session of parliament.

Cap. 13. To enable of to purchase certain buildings for the accommodation of the two houses of parliament.

Cap. 14. For raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and one; and for appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 15. For taking an account of the population of Great Britain, and of the increase or diminution thereof.

Cap. 16. To prevent, until the sixth day of November one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the end of six weeks from the commencement of the then next session of parliament, the manufacturing of any fine flour from wheat, or other grain, and the making of any bread solely from the fine flour of wheat; and to repeal an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for permitting bakers to make and sell certain sorts of bread, and to make more effectual provision for the same.

Cap. 17. To prohibit, until the first day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the end of six weeks next after the commencement of the then next session of parliament, any person or persons from selling any bread which shall not have been baked twenty-four hours.

Cap. 18. To permit, until the first day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, the importation of Swedish herrings into Great Britain.

Cap. 19. To remove doubts arising upon the construction of an act of this session of parliament, intituled An act for granting bounties on the importation of wheat, barley, rye, oats, pease, beans, and Indian corn, and of barley, rye, oat, and Indian meal, and wheaten flour and rice.

Cap. 20. To revive and continue until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, and amend so much of an act of the last session of parliament, as relates to the reducing and better collecting the duties payable on the importation of starch; and to continue for the same time several laws relating to the enabling his Majesty to permit goods to be imported into this kingdom in neutral ships: to the authorising his Majesty to make regulations respecting the trade to the Cape of Good Hope; and to the preventing offences in obstructing, destroying, or damaging ships, and in obstructing seamen and others from pursuing their lawful occupations.

Cap. 21. For allowing, until the fifteenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, the use of salt, duty free, in the preserving of fish in bulk or in barrels; for protecting persons engaged in such fisheries from being impressed into his Majesty's service; for discontinuing the bounty payable on white herrings exported; and for allowing a bounty on pilchards now cured, whether exported or sold for home consumption.

Cap. 22. To authorise his Majesty to appoint commissioners for the more effectual examination of accounts of publick expenditure for his Majesty's forces in the West Indies during the present war.

Cap. 23. For making the port of Amsterdam in the island of Curaçao a free port.

Cap. 24. For continuing, until six months after the conclusion of a general peace, three acts, made in the thirty-third and thirty-eighth years of his present Majesty's reign, for establishing regulations respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases.

Cap. 25. For allowing the importation of undressed hemp from any of the countries that lie within the limits of the exclusive trade of the East India company free of duty.

Cap. 26. For continuing, until the first day of June one thousand eight hundred and one, the several acts for regulating the turnpike roads in Great Britain, which expire at the end of the present session of parliament.

Cap. 27. For extending the time for the payment of certain sums of money advanced by way of loan to several persons connected with and trading to the islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

Cap. 28. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several acts made in the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth years of the reign of his present Majesty, and in the last session of parliament, for the redemption and purchase of the land tax.

Cap. 29. For further continuing, until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and seven, an act, made in the thirty-seventh vear of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better prevention and punishment of attempts to seduce persons serving in his Majesty's forces, by sea or land, from their duty and allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite them to mutiny or disobedience.

Cap. 30. For explaining and amending an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for erecting a lazaret on Chetney Hill, in the county of Kent, and for reducing into one act the laws relating to quarantine; and for making further provisions therein, as far as regards the payment of the tonnage duty in the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man.

Cap. 31. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for those purposes, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and one; to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and one, to provide admissions duly stamped; to permit such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first day of Michaelmas term one thousand eight hundred and one; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerics of the peace within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for that purpose, until the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and one.

Cap. 32. For further continuing, until six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, several acts made in the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth years of his present Majesty's reign, and in the last session of parliament, for empowering his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his person and government.

41 GEO. III. PUBLIC LOCAL and PERSONAL ACTS.

I. AN act to continue, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two acts, passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty, King George the Second, and the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Towcester, through Silverston and Backley in the county of Northampton, and Ardley and Middleton Stoney, to Weston Gate, in the parish of Weston on the Green, in the county of Oxford.

2. An act to continue for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and enlarge the powers, of two acts, passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from a place called The Old Gallows, in the parish of Sunning, in the county of Berks, through Wokingham, New Bracknowl, and Sunning Hill, to Virginia Water, in the parish of Egham, in the county of Surrey.

3. An act for the better relief of the poor in the city of Edinburgh, and the suburbs thereof, and certain districts adjoining thereto.

4. An act for obviating a doubt arising on the power of sale and exchange contained in a settlement of the estates of the right honourable Henry earl Bathurst.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN act for naturalizing Joseph Augustus Vandersmersch.

2. An act for naturalizing Charles Michael Lullin.

3. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, waste and other lands, commons, and commonable places, within the parish of Offord Cluney, in the county of Huntingdon.

4. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the waste grounds, and also the open fields and meadows, and commonable and intermixed lands, within the parish of Arlington, in the county of Gloucester.

5. An act for naturalizing Christoph Weltje.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno regni GEORGII III. Regis, Magnae Britanniae, Franciae, et Hiberniae, quadragesimo primo.

AT the parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the twelfth day of July, Anno Domini 1796, in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued, by several prorogations, to the eleventh day of November 1800; being the fifth session of the eighteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act to prohibit, until the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and one, the exportation of rice; and to indemnify all persons who have been concerned in preventing the exportation thereof or in the nonperformance of any contrasts and agreements that shall not-have been performed in confquence thereof.

[Nov. 24, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the exportation of rice should be prevented for a limited time; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and Consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[No person shall export, or lay on board any vessel for that]

That, from and after the passing of this act, no person or persons whatever shall, directly or indirectly, export, carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, carried, or conveyed

920 Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 1. [1800.

[purpose, any rice.]

out of or from any port or place of this kingdom, or shall load or lay on board, or cause or procure to be laden or laid on board, in any ship or other vessel or boat, any rice, in order to be exported, carried, or conveyed out of any such port or place.

[Rice exported, or put on board for that purpose, shall be forfeited, and the offender shall forfeit 6d. per lb. for such rice, and the vessel, &c. may be seized.]

II. And be it further enacted, That all rice which shall be so exported, carried, or conveyed, or be laden or laid on board in any ship or other vessel or boat, in order to be exported, carried or conveyed out of this kingdom contrary to this act, shall be forfeited; and that every offender therein shall forfeit also the sum of sixpence for every pound weight of such rice which shall be exported, carried, or conveyed, or so laden or laid on board in any ship or other vessel or boat, in order to be exported, carried, or conveyed out of this kingdom; and also the ship, vessel, or boat, wherein the same shall be exported, or in or upon which the same shall be laden or laid on board in order to be exported, together with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, shall be forfeited, and the same respectively, and each and every part thereof, may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs:

[Act not to extend to rice for diet on a voyage, nor rice carried coastwise, according to 32 Geo. 3. c. 50.]

provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any such quantity of rice as shall be necessary to be carried in any ship or vessel to be used for or towards the sustenance, diet, and support of the commander, master, mariners, and passengers on the voyage; nor shall any of the provisions of this act be construed to extend to prohibit the carrying of rice coastwise, or from one port or place in Great Britain to another port or place in Great Britain, according to the regulations prescribed by an act passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the relief of the coast trade of Great Britain; for exempting certain coast documents from stamp duties; for abolishing the bond, usually called the Isle of Man Bond; and for permitting corn and grain brought coastwise to be transhipped into lighters for the purpose of being carried through the canal from the Forth to the Clyde; and in like manner as the same might have been carried coastwise before the passing of this act.

[Act not to prevent evidence being given that rice was on board without the knowledge of the master, &c.]

III. Provided, also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent evidence being received by the commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively, or in any suit or information, that, by reason of the smallness of the quantity of any such rice, and other circumstances, that the same was on board without the knowledge or privity of the master or person having the charge or command of any such ship or vessel, in like manner as is permitted with respect to corn, by an act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty; and that, when such proof shall be so made, such ship, vessel, or boat, or any thing belonging thereto as aforesaid, shall not be forfeited for or on account of such small quantity of rice as aforesaid.

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 1. 921

[How penalties may be recovered, &c.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That all penalties and forfeitures contained in this act shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in such manner, and by such ways, means, and methods, as any penalties incurred, or any goods, ships, or vessels forfeited for any offence against the laws or customs may now be legally sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, and the officer or officers concerned in seizures or prosecutions under this act shall be entitled to, and receive such share of the produce arising from the seizures as they are now by law entitled to upon prosecution of seizures for unlawful exportation, and to such share of the produce arising from any pecuniary fine, or penalty or composition paid for any offence against this act, as they are now by any law or regulation entitled to upon prosecution for pecuniary penalties.

[39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 29. 39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 19.]

V. And whereas, by an act passed in the last session of parliament, a bounty was granted in certain cases on rice imported into this kingdom, in order to encourage a supply of the same; and by another act, also passed in the last session of parliament, the exportation of rice was prohibited until the fifteenth day of October one thousand eight hundred: and whereas, at the expiration of that period, there was great reason to apprehend that large quantities of rice would be exported from this kingdom to the great detriment of his Majesty's subjects during the then and present high price of provision: and whereas, for the prevention thereof the commissioners of his Majesty's customs, in pursuance of directions to that effect from the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, have prevented the exportation of all rice since the said fifteenth day of October, which has proved to be beneficial to the publick; wherefore it is expedient, that all persons issuing, giving, or advising such directions as aforesaid, or concerned in the issuing, giving, or advising any such directions, and also, all persons acting under or in pursuance thereof, should be indemnified:

[All persons issuing directions for preventing the exportation of rice since Oct. 15, 1800, &c. indemnified.]

be it therefore enacted, That all persons issuing, giving, or advising any such directions as aforesaid, or concerned in the issuing, giving, or advising any such directions, and also all persons acting under or in pursuance of the said directions, and also, all persons who shall have been prevented performing any contract or agreement by reason thereof, shall be, and are hereby indemnified for and on account of the same, and of any act, matter or thing done in pursuance of and in conformity with such directions as aforesaid, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes whatever, as if the same directions had been given, and such acts, matters, and things done in pursuance of any act or acts of parliament.

[All actions for refusal to receive entries for exportation of rice, &c. or for any agreement not having been performed on that account, made void.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That all personal actions and suits, indictments, and informations, and all prosecutions and proceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be hereafter prosecuted or commenced against any person or persons, for having refused to receive any entry or entries for the exportation of any rice, or to clear out any ship or vessel with rice on board intended to be exported before the passing of this act, or against any person or persons, for or by reason of any act, matter, or

922 Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 1. [1800.

thing advised, commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, in relation to the prevention of any such exportation of rice as aforesaid, or against any person or persons for or on account of any contract or agreement not being performed by occasion or by means of any such exportation having been so hindered or prevented as aforesaid, be, are, and shall be discharged and made void by virtue of this act; and that if any action or suit shall be prosecuted or commenced against any person or persons for or by reason of any such act, matter, or thing, or any such contract or agreement not being performed on such account as aforesaid,

[General issue.]

he, she, or they, may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any action or suit

---

(b to be prosecuted or commenced shall become nopfuit, or forbear further prosecution, or suffer discontinuance, or if a verM pase against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants Double ccfts shall recover his, her, or their double costs, for which he, she, or they shall have the like remedy, as in cases where the costs by law are given to defendants.

[If any action

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit

menced1^111 hath keen ^rca(*y commenced against any person or persons for nonoei form- any such ad, matter, or thing, as aforesaid, or on account of any ance of con- such contfad or agreement not being performed, by occasion of t s act, the such hinderance as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the defendants or apply1 to the* d^ers >n f°ch actiom or suits respectively, in whatever courts in Great Britain such actions or suits shall have been commenced, to apply to such court or courts respectively, to stay all proceeding* therein respectively, by motion in a summary way*, and Inch court or courts are hereby authorised and required to make orders for that purpose accordingly; and the court or courts making such order shall award and allow to the defendants and defenders Ycspectively, double costs of suit; for which they (bill respectively have the same remedy as in cases where the costs are by law given to defendants or defenders.

[His Majesty may pt rift it tl'e exportation ot rite.]

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case his Majesty at any time or times after the passing of this act shall? in his royal discretion, judge it moil for the benefiting advantage of this kingdom, to permit the exportation of rice, then it shall and may be law.nl to and for his Majesty, by his royal proclamation or proclamations, to be issued by and with the advice of his privy council, or by his Majesty's order in council, to be published in the London Gazettt from time to time, to permit and suffer all and every person and persons, natives and foreigners {but not any particular person or persons), at any time or times after the passing of this aQ, to exjxrt any rice from this kingdom; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Continuance of act.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue in force ur.t'ijl the Brft day of Novtmktr one thousand eight hundred and on$, and may be altered, varied, or repealed by any act or acts 10 be passed in this prefcut feffioo of parliament.

apply cotnt to stay

proceedings,

ike.

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 2. 923

CAP. II.

An act to authorise his Majesty, from time to time, to prohibit the exportation of provisions or food.

[Nov. 24, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the publick safety may require temporary restraints on the exportation of all or any sort of provifum or victual whatever, or any articles ufd at food for man: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Kind's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and Temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall he lawful for his Majesty, by order His Majesty, in council from time to time, to prohibit, for a time to be 1 itnited in such order, either generally or particularly, and by name or Inhibit the description, the exportation from this kingdom of all or any fort exposition of of provision or victual, or any article or articles whatsoever ufedany article or which may be used as food by man, under such restrictions as food and regulations as his Majesty in council shall think proper, ^m a* and in like manner from time to time to recal such order in part, or in the whole, or make such alteration therein as he shall think proper.

II. And be it further enacted, That all such provision, victual, Any such and every article of food whatsoever, include ! in his Majesty's ^'^P^-order, which shall be afterwards exported, transportec:, carried, or any conveyed, or laden or laid on board of any ship, vessel, or boat, in villi for such order to be exported, transpd/fed, carried, or*conveyed, out of this purpose, shall kingdom contrary to such order, shall be forfeited, and shall may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs; and offender stir.il and every person or persons offending therein shall forfeit treble jorfeit treble the value of such provisions or food respectively, as shall be. so the value, and exported, transporced, carried, or conveyed out of this kingdom, the or laden or laid on board of any'ship, vessel, or bout, for that Ina^ c me'purpose; and such ship, vessel, or boat, together with her gum, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, shall be forfeited, and the same shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs.

III. And be it further enacted, That 2II penalties and for-How penalties feitures contained in this act shall and may be sued for, prose- are to, c-cuted, recovered, and disposed of in such manner, and by such covered> ways, means, and methods, as any penalti.; incurred on any goods, ships, or vessels, forfeited for any offence a gain ft the laws of customs, may now be legally sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and the officer or officers concerned in seizures or prosecutions under this act shall be entitled to and receive such fhareoftheprodiice arising from the seizures as thevare now by law entitled to upon prosecutions of seizures for unlawful exportation^ and to such share of the produce arising from any pecuniary hue or penalty, or composition paid for dny offence against this act, as they are now by any law or regulation entitled to, upon prosecutions for pecuniary penalties.'

JpSvcixted^Ie

924

This act and such orders not to extend to certain cases.

Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 2. [1800.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this act, or any thing herein contained, and such orders, or any thing therein contained, shall not euend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit at any time the exportation or carrying out of such and so rpuch of any such provisions, victuals, and other articles of food as (half be necessary to be carried in any ship or vessel on its voyage out and home for the sustenance, diet, and support of the commander, master, mariners, passenger?, and others, or for the use and sustenance of the cattle, live stock, or other animals, on board of such ship or vessel, or for victualling or providing any of his Majesty's ships of war, or other ships or vessels in his Majesty's service, or for victualling or providing any of his Majesty's forces, foits, or garrisons, or to prohibit at any time the exportation to the British fans, casses, or factories in Africa, or for the use of British ships trading upon that coast, which have uftnlly been supplied with the same from Great Britain, or to prohibit at any time any person or persons from shipping or putting on board any provisions, vifluab, or other articles of food as aforementioned to be carried coastwise, (that is to say), From any port, creek, or member or part of the kingdom of Great Britain to any other port, creek, member, or part of the same respectively, having such or the like coasts sufferance, cocquet, or other coast dispatch for that purpose j and on such and the like security being given for the landing and discharging the same, as now is or hereafter may be, by any law or laws, aeft or acts, required in relation to the carrying coastwise any corn or other articles, or any goods, wares, or merchandizes.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent evidence from being received to the satisfaction of the commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively, in case any ship or vessel shall be under seizure by any officer or officers of the customs for having any provision or victual, or other articles of food as aforesaid, on board, hoard without contrary to the true intent and meaning of any such order of <^The°masterC *, s ^3je^Y as aforesaid, or to prevent evidence from being*received in any suit or information brought for the forfeiture of any ship or vessel for or on account of any such provision or vidual, or other articles of food as aforesaid being on bbard, in order to (how, from the smallness of the quantity of such provision or vidua!, or other articles of food as aforesaid, that the same was on board such ship or vessel without the knowledge and privity either of the owner or master, or other person having the charge and command thereof, and without any wilful neglect or default of reasonable care in the discharge of the duty of such owner, master, or other person having the charge or command of such ship or vessel, and in every such case, where proof shall be' so made respectively, such ship or VciTcI shall not be forfeited for or on account of such small

Act not to prevent evidence being received to prove, from the smallness of the quantity, that the same was on

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 3. 921

quantity of provision or visual, or other articles of food prohibited to be exported or carried out of the kingdom by any such order of his Majesty as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the powers, The powers authorities, provisions, clauses, matters, and things contained 0,: 32

in an act passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of present Majesty, intituled An act for the relief of the coajl trade jntoice^for of Great Britain; for exempting certain coajl documents from Jiamp securing the duties; for abolishing the bond u hi alls called the Isle of Man Bond; rev^fnue and for permitting corn and grain brought coajl wife to be transhipped ^[end^to* into lighters, for the pnrpcfc of being carried through the canal from thisatf. the Forth to the Clyde; and in every other act of parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this act, by which any conditions, rules, regulations, or restrictions were made, established, or directed, or any powers, authorities, or provisions were made for the better securing the revenue of customs, or for the regular importation into or exportation from Great Britain, or the bringing or carrying coastwise, or from port to port within the same kingdom*; or the taking and requiring, and putting in ftiit and prosecuting any cocquet, bond, or other security given in relation thereto, except where any express alteration is made by this act, or by any order of his Majesty issued under the authority of this act, shall, and they are hereby declared to be and remain in full force and effect to the subject of this act, and to any order issued by his Majesty in pursuance thereof, and to ali ruies, regulations, and restrictions contained in any such order, as far as the same are applicable thereto, and for carrying the same into execution as fully and effectually as if they had been repeated and re-enacted in this act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That copies of such orders Copies of as shall be made by his Majesty in council, for any of the purposes mentioned in this act, if made when parliament is sitting, shall be laid before both houses of parliament within parliament, three days after the same vshall have issued; and if made when parliament is not sitting, then within fourteen days after the meeting of the next fettion of parliament.

CAP. III.

An act to prohibit, until the first day at January one thousand eight hundred and two, the use of corn in distilling of spirits or making of starch.

[December 8, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to prohibit, for a limited time, the

use or expenditure of wheat, barley, malt, and every jther frt of corn or grain, and of me a/, flour, and bran, in the making or preparing of wort or wash for the disiillation of low wines or spirits, and to prohibit, for a limited time, the making of[larch from wheat, or wheat' meal or flour; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpi-.ritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament 0004 ailem-

926 Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 3. [1800.

Until January assembled, ancj by the authority of the same, That, from and

<V); nts to^e a^ter Pa^inS and urttd l^e^day fanu<irJ onc

chitiVied from thousand eight hundred and two, no low wines or spirits (hill be

corn or grain, brewed, made, prepared, extracted, or distilled from any wheat,

£; c. and no barley, malt, or tilts, or any other fort of corn or grain, or from

made from an)' mea^our> or bran, or any mixture with the same; and 00

v.\'. t or starch shall be made or prepared from any wheat, or any wheat

v.-.icm fiour. meal or flour.

v, 10: 1S fb dif.

II. And be it further enacted, That if, during the time before; rct limited, any distiller or distillers, maker or makers of low wines

yei, 0^m or spirits, or any other person or persons whatsoever, shall brew,

ci»itOviv \\i\cU ul'.'i

contrary to;

t'-.e intentions either ioj home consumption or for exportation, or shall use or

maxe^ prepare, extract, or distil, or cause or procure to be brewed, made, prepared, extracted, or distilled, any low wines or ipiriis.

x

1 be forfeited.

mi: or cduUi or procure to be used or mixed, any wheat, barley, in dt, or cmci vorn or grain, or any meal, flour, or bran, in any. wort or walh, in order for the brewing, making, preparing, extradfin; r, or distilling any low wines or spirits, or shall put or lay, or cattle or procure to be put or laid, in any tun, wash batch, cask, crpper, dill, or other veflil or utenfll, any wheat, barley,

' malr, or other corn or grain, or any meal, flour, or bran, or any

mixture with the same, for the purpose of preparing any wort or walh, or for brewing, making, preparing, ext racting, or distilling any low wines. or spirits, whether such tun, walh batch, cails, copper, still, or other vessel or utensil, shall or shall not hare been or be duly entered at the excise office, that then, and in each and every of the said cases, such distiller or distillers, maker or makers of low wines or spirits, or other person or persons acVing contrary to the directions of this act, and the person or persons in whose custody or possession any such tun, waft batch, cask, copper, still, or other vetTcJ or utensil, which shall be made use of contrary to the intention of this act, shall be found, shall severally and respectively, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds; and all such wheat, barley, maJt, and other corn or grain, and such meal, flour, and bran, or other mixture with the same, and such wort and waft, low wines and spirits, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be kizd by any officer or officers of excise.

Penalty of

III. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons fn-starch11* " shall aPPty> spend, consume, or make use of, or cause, procure, from wheat, permit, or suffer to be applied, spent, consumed, or made use of, or wheat any wheat, or any meal or flour ground or made therefrom, for flour, which, t^e purpose of making or preparing starch, contrary to the true Ss^ftnVbe" intent and meaning of this act, the person or persons so offend-forfeited. ing, and person or persons in whose custody or possession the same shall be found, shall (over and above all other penalties imposed by any act or acts of parliament already in force) forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds; and all such wheat, wheat meal, flour, and starch, together with every vat, trough, or other utensil or vessel, in which the same shall be found, shall be forfeited, and

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 3. 927

the same respectively shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any wheat, barley. Wheat, See. malt, or other fort of corn or grain, or any meal, Hour, or bran, J^nhouse^e shall, at any time after the expiration of three days after the to be forfeited* passing of this act, and during the continuance thereof, be found and also 200l. in any workhouse, ftillhouse, storehouse, warehouse, or any other place wherein low wines or spirits, or wort or wash, shall be preparing, or shall be brewed, made, extracted, distilled, or prepared; or where any starch IhnJl be making or preparing, or made or prepared 5 or where any low wines or spirits, or \vo: t or wash shall have been brewed, made, extracted, difstiled, or prepared; or where any starch shall ha e been made or prepared; all such wheat, barley, malt, and other corn or grain, and meaj, flour, and bran, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise; and the person or persons in whole possession such workhouse, flillhouse, storehouse, warehouse, or place, shall be, shall, for every such offence respectively, also forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That during the time herein- Persons au-before limited, it shall be lawful for any person or persons, who of shall be authorised for that purpose by the commissioner9 of ex* within the li-cife for the time being, or any two or more of them, within the mits of their limits of the chief office of excise in London, or by one or more office, justice or justices of the peace in any other part of Great Britain,

at any time or times, with any officer of excise, to enter into any other part, workhouse, flillhouse, storehouse, warehouse, or any other place may, with an whatsoever, wherein any low wines or spirits, or wort or walh, o/frerrot ex-or starch, shall be or are suspected to be preparing, or to be brewed, workToulcs^to made, or extracted, distilled, or prepared; or wherein low wines to ln|pJ^ or wort or walh shall have been made, brewed, extracted, distilled, materials and or prepared, or starch shall have been made or prepared, after utensils; amt the passing of this act, and shall have free admittance into the same, and may inspect all the materials, vessels, and utensils co &c As therein contained, (giving thereby as little interruption as may mixed with be to the business which shall be carrying on); and in case any any material such officer of excise shall have reason to suspect that any wheat, barley, malt, or other corn or grain, or any meal, flour, or bran, fogofstarch, "* is mixed in any wort or wath, or in any other material or prepa- he may take a ration for brewing, making, extracting, or distilling low wines or (ample, spirits, or making or preparing of starch, it shall be lawful for such officer or officers, at any time or times during the said term, upon payment of two shillings and sixpence, to take a sample, not exceeding rwo quarts, of any such wort or wash, material, or preparation, which shall be found in any such house or other place aforesaid: and in case any distiller or distillers, maker or makers Penalty of of low wines or spirits, or maker of starch, or the owner or occu-00l. for pier of any such house or place, or any workman or servant any such distiller or distillers, maker or makers, or owner or oc- allowing a cupier belonging, shall refuse to admit such person or persons as (ample to be shall be so authorised, or any officer or officers of excise, info any taken.

ittch i

Corn. Sccr % found, may be fu/ed, with the vetlUa.

928 Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 3. [1800.

such house or place, or (bail obstruct or hinder any such officer or officers, or person or persons, in making such inspection as aforesaid, or if any such iliftiller or distillers, or maker or makers of starch, shall not allow any such officer to take such sample, after the kid sum of two shillings and sixpence shall be paid or tendered for the same, every such diililler or maker of low wines or spirits, or maker of starch, owner or occupier, shall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit and pay the funr of two hundred pounds; and it shall be lawful for any such officer of excise, or other person or persons suthorrfed as aforesaid, having a warrant for that purpose from any two or more of the commissioners of excise, or any justice or justices respectively as aforesaid, to seize, take, and carry away all such wheat, barley, malt, and other corn or grain, and all such meal, flour, and bran as shall be found in any such house or other place, together with all the vessels, sacks, bags, and other rhings in which the said commodities shall be contained.

VI. And whereat there may have been controls made bj distillers and makers of low wines and spirits, or makers of starch, with /event! ferfins, for spirits, grains, yea ft, or starch, to be delivered and recent! at future times, after the paffuig of this act; be it therefore enacted, That all contraftsor bargains made by any distiller or dillillers,

finreh durin or ma^er or makers of low wines or spirits, or maker or mate ihc co^ithiu- of starch, with any person or persons whatsoever, for any spirits, ance or this grains, or yea if, or starch, to be delivered at any time during the

continuance of this act, shall be and are hereby declared to be wholly void.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case his Majesty, at any lime or time* after the passing of this Aact, shall in

the use of his royal discretion judge it to be most for the benefit and advan-vbeat, 8cc. in tage of this kingdom, to permit the uie or expenditure of wheat, ih [till at ion, or barley^ malt, or any other fort of corn or grain, or any meal or flour ground therefrom, in the making or preparing of wort or wash for the making or extracting of spirits, or for the making of starch, then it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by his royal proclamation or proclamations, to be issued by and with the advice of his privy council, or by his Majesty's order in council, to be published in the London Gazette from time to time, to permit and fuffier all and every person and persons, natives and foreigners, (but not any particular person or persons), at any time or times after the passing of this Aact, to apply, /pend, consume, or make use of wheat, barley, malt, or any other fort of corn or grain, or any meal or flour ground or made there- from, the brewing, making or preparing of wort or wash for the making or extracting of spirits, or the making of starchj any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any distiller, or homed for ex- distillers, who shall have deposited any spirits drawn or made in port.; !ion, may Great Britain from corn, before the passing of this act, for exportation to parts beyond the leas, according to the rules, regulations, and provisiorts of an act made in the second year of

hit

Contras for delivery of spirits, or

a it, shall ue void.

His Majesty may authorise at any time,

making of JUrch

Spirits from corn ware-

: taken out for home

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 3. 929

his present Majesty's reign, amongst other things, for better consumption, a* regulating and encouraging the exportation of British inadt ^t^, ucato:/i spirits, in any such warehouse as is mentioned in the said a<£f,

: s shall be deftrous of uling any such spirits for home consumption, and shall signify such his, her, or their desire, to the ct commissioners of excise in England and Scotland respectively for the time being, the said reflective of respectively shall direct the quantity of spirits so de/ircd to be taken out i: i % of such warehouse, and delivered to such distiller or distillers,

i he, she, or they having nrft duly paid to the proper officer or officers of excise, a duty of excise at and after the rate of eighry-. -1 seven pounds and ten shillings for each ton of such spirits,

j calculating and computing the same at the strength of one to.: j ten over hydrometer proof, any act of parliament to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and the money arising from the^Yaid duly shall be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons Penalty of'", shall obstruct or hinder any officer or officers of excise in the*ooI. for

' r. execution of any of the powers or authorities to him or them °^cers^ol

given or granted by this or any other act or acts of parliament excise- relating to (pints, the person or persons so offending shall, forfeit for every such offence, severally, the sum of two hundred " pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every the powers, Powers of is

J directions, rules, penalries, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and Car. a. c. 24.

things, which, in and by an act made in the twelfth year of&c^?c^em* the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for taking to ls a*away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights service and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force,

' ? relating to his Majesty's revenue cf excise, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, -collecting, mirigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining, the duties Thereby r' granted, or any of them, (other than in such cases for which f other provisions are made and prescribed by this act), shall be practised, used, and put in execution, in and for the managing,

raising, levying, collecting, mitigating recovering, and paying; i the excise duty by this aeft impof.d, and for preventing, dc-

'1 tedling, and punishing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses,

matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted*in this present act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, and Recovery and *forfeitures imposed by this aeft, shall be sued for, recovered, Stkfc11

levied, or mitigated, by such means or methods as <my fine,

penalty, or forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise, or by r.tftion of debt,

r bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of ff record at Westminster) and that one moiety of every such fine,

930 Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 4. [1800.

penalty, or forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall in form, discover, or sue for the same.

actio»stion li furt*; crcna<^c£*t That^any a<*9n w to shall be commenced against any person or persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within the spacq of two calendar months next after the offence shall be committed; and the defendant or defendants in General issue. any such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special mutter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear h to hare been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants j and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may Treble costs. recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law. I

[Continuance of act.]

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall commence and take efte& as to all such matters and things therein contained, in respect whereof no special commencement is hereby directed or provided, from the pafHng thereof until the fell day of January one thousand eight hundred and two, and may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be antic m, this session of parliament*

CAP. IV.

An act for suspending, until the twentieth day of August one thousand eight hundred and one, the duties on hops imported, and for charging other duties in lieu thereof.

[Dec. 8, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

By 17 Geo. 3

WHEREAS by an act made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repealing the feveroldutuuj c. 13. and custovn and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof andft

on other purpose$) a duty of customs of five pounds eighteen falling! ad hops were ten-pence was granted upon rocry hundred weight of hops infntii imposed, :nd into Great Britain; and byfcr^ral subsequent efts certain other JuM by 39 & 40 have been imposed in addition thereto: and whereas by anaflpejfil such arts as* feJjm of Par^amtnty such parts of the said efts os rtieit

relate to the to ike duties on bops imported were fuss ended until the twentiub duties on.day of August one thousand eight hundred: and whereas it is expect bops imported /hat the said duties on hops importedshould be again jvfptndtdftr 4 unAuf^ilioVftr/^r iimft 6n<l ikat other duties should be granted in heu wrf 1800.UgU 10* during such fufpnifion: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament a (fern bled, and by the authority of the same, Thst, from and after the passing of this act, such parts of the said acts

is

Such parts suspended until August

10j ifco'i.

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 5, 6, 931

as grant any duty or duties on hops imported into Great Britain shall be, and the same are hereby suspended until the twentieth day of August one thousand eight hundred and one. iSoi^in-

II. And be it further enacted, That until the said twentieth of Hie" day of August one thousand eight hundred and one, instead duties fuf-and in lieu of the said duties on hops imported, hereby suspended, pended, there there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the

use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, a dury of customs*fi, tiL*gpcr upon every pound weight avoirdupois of hops imported into pound OI{hops Great Britain, the sum of one penny and twelve twentieth parts imported, of a farthing, and so in proportion for any greater or less So much of quantity; and that so much of the said duties hereby suspended the duties as became due and payable between the twentieth day of August Jbfpended a< one thousand eight hundred, and the time of the passing of this ^ween Aug. act, shall not be paid or payable; but instead and in lieu thereof, 2o, i8od, an 1 the duty by this act granted shall be paid; and upon the the piffing of payment thereof any bonds that shall have been entered into this act, Ihdi for payment of the duties hereby suspended, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be null and void, and shall be jjeu thereof, cancelled accordingly in like manner as if the duties hereby the duty here -suspended had been fully paid thereon. by granted

III. And be it further enacted, That the duty by this act be granted shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, and Duty hereby applied by the same persons, in like manner, and under such and &c! a* the same rules, regulations, and restrictions, penalties apd for the duties pit feitures, as the duties on the importation of hops are now hops imported raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, and applied, by virtue arV\ow

and in pursuance of the said act, palied, in the twenty-seventh ra, fed* year of the reign of his present Majesty, and of any act or acts passed subsequent, or in any manner relating thereto.

CAP. V.

An act for continuing, until the expiration of forty days after the commencement of the first session of parliament that, shall be begun, and holden after the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and one, several laws relating to the prohibiting the exportation, and permitting the importation, of corn and other articles of provision, without payment of duty; to the allowing the use of sugar in the brewing of beer; to the reducing the duties upon spirits distilled from melasses and sugar; and to the prohibiting the making of low wines or spirits from wheat, and certain other articles, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[Dec. 8, 1800.]

Acts 39 Geo. 3. c. 87. 39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. t8. 6a- $. 7. and at, recited. Continued until forty days alter the first session of parliament held after Sept. 1, 1801. v

CAP. VI.

An act for shortening, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, the time of keeping in steep for malting barley damaged by rain in the late harvest.

[December 8, 1800.]

952 Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 6. [1800.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by the laws now in force it is provided, that ivm Maltster or maker of malt, during the continuance of the dm

on malt, should wet or Jeep his barley, or other corn or grain intended to be made into malt, in the cistern, utingfat, or ether VijJJ, Jo as the same should be covered with water, and continue Jo emti.in such cistern, uting-fat, or other vejj'el, for the full [pact of fort] hours from the time of its being first wet and covered with water as aforesaid, before he should obtain or take, or draw the water fms the same \ and certain other provisions have been made by law ftr enforcing the same: and whereas a considerable quantity of barley was damaging during the late harvest, which cannot be made into god via It if the same be continued covered with water fir the full fpoct of forty hours j and it is therefore expedient to allow such barley to

continue covered with water for a less space of time, under andfutjed

i reitrifli...

neglecting to continue it covered with water for forty hours.

No such bar-

to certain rules, regulations, and restrictions) be it therefore coaled by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in ^b^dr^Lived T^'s Pre^enl parliament assembled, and by the authority of the of the allow- same. That for and during the continuance of this act, no anceoffour maltster, or maker of malt for home consumption, wetring

bnfliels in such damaged barley, to be made into malt, according to the dama^tril°bav terms aiK* Provisi°ns heretn-after mentioned, shall be deprived ley, ifovt'or of t, )c allowance of four bushels in every twenty, in charging the said duties by gauge, either in the cistern or couch, for or in respect of any such barley, nor shall be subject or liable to any penalty for neglecting or refusing to continue any such barley covered with water for the full spice of forty hours front the time of its being first w; t and cdvOred.

II. Provided always, That no such barley shall be kept foVcntTcd lcL covere(l water for any less space of lime than twenty hours, than twenty except as herein after provided j and that the malfler or maker of malt for home consumption, intending to make any such barley into malt, shall, in the notice in writing required by any ad now in force to be given to the officer of excise, Ipccify that the barley mentioned in such notice is barley which was damaged in the late harvest; and the quantity or number of buftcls oi such barley intended to be wetted at each steeping, and for what number of hours the same is intended to be kept covered with water.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any maltster or maker of malt, having given any notice in writing of his intention to wet any such damaged barley as aforesaid to be made into malt, shall not begin to wet the barley specified in such notice, and immediately proceed to cover the whole thereof

hours; and notice to be given to the excise officer of the quantity, and for what time intended to be covered.

If maltiters do n>t begin to wet Inch barley agreeably to notice, r a frdh one

shall be given, with water at the hour or time mentioned in such notice, or and none shall within one hour next after the expiration of the said hour and be wetted but !*mc' ever^ notice shall be, and the same is hereby between seven declared to be null and void; and every such maltiler or maker in the morn- cf malt shall be obliged to give a fresh and like notice before ing and three or (he shall befiin to wet any such his or her damaged barlcv;

in t hi* v'*.

and no such maimer or maker of malt shall begin to uei any

in the a*ter-nocn, ucr

shall be wetted

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 6. 933

such damaged barley to be made into malt, but between the more than L hours of (even in the morning and three in the afternoon; and, n thre€ no such malrfter or maker of malt shall wet or steep any such pp|injfy of; damaged barley more than once in three days; and in caie any l00j'or not

such maltster or maker of malt, having given any such notice given fresh

1 which shall become void, shall neglect or refuse to give a fresh notice, or nat

and like notice, or having given such notice or notices and ^ovrT^o^not

begun to wet any such damaged barley in pursuance thereof, shall continuing

neglect or refuie immediately to proceed to cover the whole barleyccmvtd thereof with water, and to continue the same so covered, for agree* hi y to

the full space of time mentioned in the notice for wetting such

barley or shall begin to wet arty such damaged barley at any uetitou: of

other time than between the hours of seven in the morning and th-_ limited'/, t' three in the afternoon; or if any such maltster or maker of horns, or

malt, after the officer shall have taken an account of the damaged

v r; bailey in the cittern, uting-fat, or other wetting place, shall add acc<Mintha«

any corn or grain to the damaged barley so wetted or steeping, been takui, or

or shall wet or deep any such damaged barley more than once deeping it & in three days, then and in every case the maltster or maker of

malt so offending shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit ^vs.

rs the sum of one hundred pounds.

IV. And whereas it may possibly happen that some of such damaged ji'* barley may be in such a state as to float on the surface of the water\

-x?, in the eijiern, uting-fat, or other vejfli wherein such barley Jhal

: $ be welted for the purpose of making the same into malty notwithstanding

; 5 which the same may, by couching and workings be made into malt, and

it is therefore expedient to make such firovision as is herein-jft er

i directed in respect thereof: be*it therefore enabled, Thar when -

and so often as any such damaged barley shall float ort the surface w*, en j of the water in the cittern, uting-fat, or other vessel wherein taken out or \i such barley shall be wetted for the purpose of making the same the veil'd (halt

into malt, the maltster or maker of malt to whom the fame

j* shall belong, shall immediately, on skimming or taking suchxdfe office f floating barley from and out of such cittern, uting-fat, or other miyconvem.

vessel, deposit, put, lay, and spread the same in some convenient cntly gauge part of his mahhmfe, as near asmay'be to such cistern, uring-

fat, or other vessel, and in such a manner and form that the for three

officer of excise may be enabled conveniently to take a gauge hours, on

and ascertain the true quantity thereof; and no such maltster or penalty of^maker of malt shall carry or remove the same from the place l0°*-

where the same shall have been so deposited, put, laid, or spread,

d'£ until the expiration of three hours next alter the proper officer of

>^excise shall have taken a gauge and ascertained the quantity

*f thereof; and if any maltster or maker of malt {lull neglect or

refuse to deposit, put, lay, and spread such floating barley as

;, f\. aforesaid, or shall carry or remove any such barley frjm the

f'place where the same shall have been deposited, pur, laid, or

4^ spread, after the removal thereof from or out of such cistern,

i: \M uting-fat, or other vessel, either before the officer of excise shall

have taken a gauge and ascertained the quantity thereof, or

(f af-er such gauge, and before the expiration of three hours Irom

934 Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 6. [1800.

Officers may take samples.

Penalty of 50l.'for reiuial.

Not more than two samples to be taken.

An account of damaged barley to be made into malt, to be kept and verified on oath, &c. on penalty of 100L

Miltflers taking f*Ke oaths guilty of perjury.

the time of such gauge having been taken, then and in every such case the maltster or maker of malt so offending stall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any officer of excise, and such officer is herebr authorised and empowered to take at any time or timeu sample or families, not exceeding half a pint, out of any ok parcel or quantity of any such damaged barley, in the custody or possession of any maltster or maker of malt, and wetted or intended to be wetted as aforesaid; and in caseany such makUct or maker of malt shall refuse to permit such officer or officers to take such sample or fumples, such maltster or maker of malt f-offending shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

VI. Provided always nevertheless. That nothing in this id contained (ha! extend, or be deemed or construed to extend to authorise any officer or officers of excise to take more than two samples from or out of any on$ steeping of barley; any thing the rein-before contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every maltster tod maker of malt, having given any notice in writing of his, he, or their intention to wet any damaged barley to be made into malt, shall from time to time keep an account of all the damaged barley which he, she, or they shall from time to time so wet or steep, and shall from time to time enter into a book, or on a paper, to be kept for that purpose, an account of the several quantities or numbers of buffiels of such barley wetted or steeped by him, her, or them, to be made into malt under Of by virtue of this atf, the time when each such quantity was wetted, and the time or number of hours the same was kept in steep, and shall, at the end of every six weeks, or oftener ii required, by the proper collector or supervisor of excise, deliver such book or paper to the proper collector or supervisor oi excise, and at the same time verify on oath the truth of the entrie made therein; and also that the whole of the several quantities of barley fptcihed in such account was damaged during the htc harvest (which oath such respective collectors and supervisors are hereby authorised to administer); and if any such maltster or maker of malt shall neglect or refuse to keep any such account as aforesaid, or to make any such entry or entries as afore- ! said, or to deliver such book or paper to the proper collcdor or supervisor of excise in manner herein-before drreded, or to verify on oath, the several matters and things herein-befort I required, and in manner herein-before directed, or shall make 1 'any false entry in any such book or paper, then, and in every; such case, the maltster or maker of malt so offending shall*, j for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds; and if any such maltster or maker of malt shall be con* E vifted of wilfully taking a false oath, in any case in which in I

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 7 — 9. 935

oath is required by virtue of this act, he, she, or they shall be liable to the pains and penalties to which persons are liable for wilful and corrupt perjury,

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall obstruct or hinder any officer or officers of excise obstructing in the execution of any of the powers or authorities to him officers, or them given by this act, the person or persons so offending shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, and appilcation forfeitures, by this act imposed, shall be sued for, recovered, Qr penalties, levied, or mitigated by such ways, means, and methods, as any

fine, penalty, or forfeiture is or may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of recoid at Westminster or in the court of exchequer itl Scotland, and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them who shall discover, inform, or fuc for the same.

[Continuance

X. And be it further enacted, Thar this act shall continue in force until thf* twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and one.

CAP. VII.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and one.

[Dec. 8, 1800.]

CAP. VIII.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a duty on pensions, offices, and personal estates, in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed; and certain duties on sugar, malt, tobacco, and snuff, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and one.

[Dec. 8, 1800.]

CAP. IX.

An act to explain and amend an act, made in the twenty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better relief and employment of the poor.

[Dec. 8, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the twenty-second year of reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better* Geo. 3. relief and employment of the poor, the justices of the peace arec 83, recited* empowered to appoint one guardian, and no more, for each parsjh desirous of being regulated according to the provisions of the said act: and whereas in many parishes, by reason of their extent and population, one such guardian is not found to he sufficient for the performance of the duties thereby required: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the Vojl. XLII. Ppp fame*

93^ Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 9. [1800.

Two jnJHces same. That if in any parish which shall have adopted the provisions niav^ oiilt*ac^> e'lher a'on^ orn conjunction with any othe

additional parish, it shall be the opinion of two thirds in number and

guardians of value of the owners or occupiers of lands, tenements, and the poor, hereditaments, qualified as by the said act is required, who shall

ad: mTits Pre^ent at a publick meeting to be called for that purpose,

being certi- pursuant to.notice thereof given in the church or chapel of the fied in manner said parish, on the Sunday preceding, that one guardian is herein direct- insufficient for carrying into due execution the provisions of the

i^insufficient^aC^> an<* lame cert^c(^Y lw0 or more of the

persons pretent at such meeting, in writing under their hands, to two or more justices of the peace acting for the district or division within which such parHh shall be situate, together with the names of four or more fit and proper persons qualified for the office of guardian as by the said act is required, it shall and

may be lawful for the said justices, by writing under their hands, according to the form preferred in the schedule to the said act, to appoint such and so many of the said persons to be guardians of the poor within such parish, as they in their discretion shall think fit, and as shall be necessary for duly carrying the purposes of the said act into execution.

II. And whereas by the said act the churchwardens and overftmsf the poor are directed to pay to the guardians of the poor in poriih not united, and to the treasurer in parishes united as therein mentrnl\ such fans as may be necessary for the support of the poor in rum therein mentioned, and the guardians are also directed to poj to th

- treasurer of the poor house the jurns required for the maintenmt cd support thereof, which in default of payment may be levied by werroet of distress and sale of the goods of such guardians, under tbt kni tf a justice of the peace; but no provisidn is made to enforce the fmnrt of the monies directed to be paid by the churchwardens and mrfim Guardians of aforesaid: be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law* monthly*? ful for the guardians of the poor present at a monthly meeting meetings, with held according to the directions of the said act, with the appro-approbation bation of the visitor, who shall sign the same, to make an order of the visitor, on the churchwardens or overseers, or collector of the poor's order^n th" rates* f°me or onc of them, for so much money as shall be churchwar- necessary for the purposes of the said act; and if the church-dens, or oyer- wardens or overseers, or person or persons to whom the order fecra. See. for shall be directed, shall neglect or refuse to pay the same to the asihall°bey treasurer or guardian to whom the same is made payable, within necessary for seven days after it shall be demanded, it it shall be lawful for the purposes any justice of the peace within the division or district, upon of recited act. proof made on oath 6f such default, to issue his warrant for In default of levying the said ftims by distress and sale of the goods and Sce^ayVevv chattels of the said churchwardens and overseers, or orlier person it by distrcfsl or persons, in like^ manner as by the said act is provided in calc of non-payment by the guardians of the poof.

III. And whereas by the said act no prcvifkit is made for tit appointment of a treasurer, in the case tf a single parish adapting it regulations of the said act, although from its population it may he fad

mtjfst)

1800.] Anno Tegni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 16. 937

mcessary and convenient: be it further enacted,

[Two justices

That it shall and may be lawful for any two justices for the distnet or division within m*Y* on aP"

which any such parish shall be situate, to whom the expediency appoint

of such appointment shall be made appear, by application from ttvafurer for two thirds ip number and value of the owners and occupiers of a single pari fit*

- 5 lands, tenements, and hereditaments, qualified as by the said ^Q^e^ecdinsr

ad is directed, to appoint a treasurer for the poor house in such l0j;

ri parish, with a salary not exceeding ten pounds, according to the form prescribed in the schedule to the said act, in the case of*r-i united parishes.

IV. And be it further enacted, That any person aggrieved by Persons the act of any justice or justices of the peace out of sessions, in aggrieved may ^5 and concerning the execution of this act, may appeal to the next f>oi general quarter sessions of the peace for the county, riding. ft^on8.*

*r liberty, division, precind, or ciiftrict wherein such ad was done, r i! giving eight days notice thereof to the party against whom the o complaint shall be made, and giving securiry by recognizance to', -I be acknowledged before a justice of the peace, with a sufficient.surety to pay the costs attending such appeal, if the matter shall be determined against: the appellant; and the justices at such quarter sessions are hereby authorised to hear and determine such appeal, and to award such costs for or against the appellant,

' f as they shall see just cause lb to do, which determination shall be '^final, and shall nor i.e removed by Certiorari.

[Publick act.]

rtf V. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. X.

An act for granting bounties on the importation of wheat, barley, rye, oats, pease, beans, and Indian corn, and of barley, rye, oat and Indian meal, wheaten flour, and rice.

[Dec. 15, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that encouragement should be given. for a limited time, to the importation into this kingdom of wheat, barley, rye, oati, pease, beans, and Indian corn, and of barley, rye, oat and Indian meal, and of wheaten flour and rice: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may he enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of December one Bounties shall thousand eight hundred, and until the first day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, there shall be paid and allowed on foreign*upon all foreign wheat, parley, rye, oars, and Indian corn and wheat, &c. meal, of any such corn or grain, and upon all pease and beans, wheaten flour and rice, imported or brought into this kingdom 0^eti'ch* Before the first day of October cne thousand eight hundred and belonging to one, in British ships or vdleis, or in ships err vessels belonging states in amity.to persons of any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, j?18

Bounties to be regulated according to the average prices in the Gazette, the third week

938. Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. to.

however the same may be navigated, the several and respectit bounties herein after mentioned, and such respective bounties shall be payable and paid upon the several terms and conditions herein after particularly and respectively set forth is to each of such articles.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective bounties granted by this act upon wheat, barley, rye, oats, pease, and beans, and upon the meal of barley, rye, and oats respectively, shall be regulated and paid according to the te-spective average prices, ascertained according to the provisions of this act, of foreign wheat, barley, rye, oats, pease, and beans, Particles.n tendon, which shall be published in the London Game in the third week after the entry of the wheat, barley, rye, oats, pease, or beans, or any such meal as aforesaid, upon which any bounty is claimed under this act. wheat, barley, And }t further enacted, That, from and after the hid

rye, oats, first day of December, there shall be paid and allowed on every pease, and quarter of foreign wheat, weighing four hundred and twenty* beans, four pounds weight avoirdupois or upwards, which dull be imported into Great Britain, a bounty equal to the sum by which the said average price of foreign wheat in London, published in the London Gazette in the third week after the importation of such wheat, shall be less than one hundred shillings quarter 5 on every quarter of foreign barley, weighing three hundred and fifty-two pounds weight avoirdupois or upwards, which shall be imported as aforesaid, a bounty equal to the sum by which the average price of foreign barley in London, publiibd as aforesaid, shall be less then fifty shillings per quarter; on every quarter of foreign rye, weighing four hundred and eight pounds weight avoirdupois, which shall be imported as aforesaid, a bounty equal to the sum by which the average price of foreign rye in London, published as aforesaid, shall be less than sixty-fire shillings per quarter; on every quarter of foreign oats, weighing two hundred and sixty-four pounds weight avoirdupois or upwards, which shall be imported as aforesaid, a bounty equal to the sum by which the average price of foreign oats in Lnh, published as aforesaid, shall be less than forty shillings per quarter, on every quarter of foreign pease which shall be imported is aforesaid, a bounty equal to the sum by which the average prie^ of foreign pease in London, published as aforesaid, shall be lets than seventy-five shillings per quarter; and on every quarter of foreign beans which shall be imported as aforesaid, a bounrr equal to the sum by which the average price of foreign beans in London, publishea as aforesaid, shall be less than fifty shillings per quarter.

Bounties on

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first wheaten flour, day of December one thousand eight hundred, there shall be pa/d barley am* a^ovvcc* upon foreign wheaten flour, (other than aid meal, rye^except American flour), and upon all foreign barley meal, rye meal, and oat meal, and oat meal, imported as aforesaid, such and the like meal. bounties in every respect as are by this act before granted on

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 10. 939

foreign wheat, barley, rye, and oats respectively; and that for the purpose of ascertaining and estimating the said bounties, two hundred and eighty pounds weight avoirdupois of all foreign flour, upon which any bounty is payable under this act, (other than and except American as aforesaid), shall be deemed equal to one quarter of wheat, and one hundred and ninety-six pounds weight avoirdupois of such barley meal shall be deemed equal to one quarter of barley, and two hundred and twenty-four pounds weight avoirdupois of such rye meal shall be deemed equal to one quarter of rye, and one hundred and seventy-six pounds weight avoirdupois of oat meal shall be deemed equal to one quarter of oats.

V. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons No bounties shall be entitled to any of the bounties allowed by this act to be allowed, on any corn, grain, pulse, meal, flour, or rice, unless the same shall be imported or brought respectively into some port where imported, " there is a collector and comptroller of the custoras, or into any where there other port that shall be approved of by his Majesty with the a collector, advice of his privy council. &c*

VI. Andy in order that the average prices of foreign wheaty barley, rye, oatsy pease, and beamy may be ascertained and published, for the - purposes of this act, in the city and port of London; be it further enacted, That every corn factor, or importer of corn, grain, or '

pulse, carrying on his trade or business in the city of London, or Londoner in the suburbs thereof, shall, within seven days after the passing the fuburhs, of this act, or after that time, within three days from the to make the time he shall begin to deal in the sale of foreign corn, grain, or*

pulse, make declaration in the form following; (that is to 9

say),

I A.B. do hereby declare, That the returns of the quantities

X and prices of foreign corn, grain, and pulse, which shall have been examined and certified as merchantable, and of the respective weights per quarter mentioned in an act of the forty-first year of his present Majesty's reign, [here insert the title oftb$

afi]y and which henceforward shall be by or for me fold and delivered during the continuance of the said act, shall, to the best of my knowledge and belief, contain the whole quantity, and no more, of the said foreign corn, grain, or pulse, bond side fold and delivered by or for me, within the period to which they shall refer, with the prices of such corn, and the dames of the owner or owners, consignee or consignees thereof, and buyers thereof respectively; and also the names of the persons who mall have certified the same together with the date of such certificate; and that I will not in any case return any prices or quantities more than once for the same corn, grain, or pulse, to the best of my knowledge and judgement, conformable to the directions of the said act.9

Which declaration shall be in writing, and shall be subscribed ^hichis to be with the hand of such corn factor, or importer of corn* grain, or to

pulse, and (ha Jibe by him or his agent forthwith delivered to the mayor, to be

p p p 3 by C^Cjtyg^l^iitered by

of corn returns.

Penalty for not making the declaration.

Com fatftors to make weekly returns to the fnfpttfor, of the quantities of ft-reign

940 Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 10. [1800.

the Inspector lord mayor of the city of London for the time being, who is hereby required to grant a certificate thereof, without any fee being paid or payable for the same, to be registered by the inspector of corn returns; and in case any person shall carry oa the trade or bufiriefs of a corn factor or importer without making the said declaration agreeably to the directions of this a<9, everj such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every such corn factor and importer shall and he is hereby required to return or cause to be returned, on the Wednesday morning, before the hour of twelve tn the forenoon, in each and every week, to the said inspector of corn returns, at his office, an account in writing, in the form in the schedule to this act annexed, signed with his

corn fold, &c. own name, or the name of his known agent, of the quantities of each respective fort of foreign corn, grain, or pulse, that shall have been so examined and certified as aforesaid, and by him fold and delivered during the week immediately preceding such Wedfncddj, reckoning such week from Sunday to Sunday with the prices thereof, and the amount of every pareel, with the total quantity and value of each fort of corn, grain, or pulse, with the names of the owner or owners, consignee or consignees thereof, and buyers thereof, and the names of the persons who shall have certified the same, together with the date of such certificate; and every such corn factor or importer shall, for every such neglect therein, and every omission in any such return, and every false particular in any such return, either as to qualities, prices, or names of buyers, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said inspector of corn returns shall duly and regularly enter into a book or book^ to be provided and kept for that purpose, the several accounts ot quantities and prices of foreign corn, grain, and pulse, received

publick with- by him from the respective corn factors or importers, and the put authority, same shall not be made publick. or shewn by the said im'pcclor, on penalty of or with his privity or content, to any person whatsoever, unless ?c the same shall be called for or required by the receiver of com

returns, or shall be required by any order in writing under the hand of the lord mayor, or any two of the aldermen of the said city, or the commissioners of his Majesty's customs, or any two or more of them, under the penalty and forfeiture of the sum of ten pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said inspector of corn returns dial), and he is hereby required, every week, to nuke up, compute, and diAinguish, from the returns by him received pursuant to the directions of this act in that week, the general aggregate quantity and the price of each respectite fort of foreign corn, grain, or pulse, that shall have been returned 3$

and keep examined and certified, and fold and delivered in and during the dittina entries week for which such returns shall have been made as aforesaid,

of returns, in the city of London and suburbs thereof; and shall keep in a

for^ounties entries of all returns of corn, grain or pulse,

Penalty for neglect.

Inspector to enter the recounts, which shall not be made

Inspectof to make up weekly accounts of the aggregate quantity and price of each iort returned,

k

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 10. 941

that shall have been returned as certified for the purpose of and trans-bounties being paid thereon under this act, from all other foreign corn returned to such inspector, under an act passed in the thirty- every Friday first year of his present Majesty's reign; and the said inspector to the receiver of corn returns shall make up and compute the average prices corn r£-. of each respective fort of such corn, grain, or pulse, fold am) to't^riVnit a delivered during such week, from such corn, grain or pulse only certificate as shall have been certified for the purpose of bounties being paid thereof to thereon, pursuant to the provisions of this atf f and he is hereby tlle collector directed, on the Friday in every week, to transmit a copy of the °n London0* account of the said average prices to the receiver of corn returns, who is hereby required to enter the same in a book or books to be kept for that purpose, and forthwith to transmit a certificate of such average prices of each respective fort of foreign corn, grain, or pulse, signed by him, to flis Majesty's collector or other chief officer of the customs of the port of London^ and cause a copy thereof to be hung up in some publick place in the custom house, to which all persons may resort; and the payment of the bounties herein-before granted shall be governed and regulated by such average prices, in the manner herein-before directed, until new average prices shall be made up and computed -in manner by this act directed; and such receiver of corn returns feto shall also cause the same to be published in the London Gazette published in on every Saturday night, and shall also transmit the same to the the Gazette several and respective collectors or other chief officers of the^VCIT ^atur-customs at the several ports in this act described, and the said respective collectors and other chief officers are hereby required to the collec-to receive and enter the same in a book or books to be kept for tors at the that purpose, and to cause a copy thereof to be hung up in P°r*s IP some publick place in the custom house thereto belonging, to a c n e*which all persons may resort; and the payment of the said bounties, at every such port, shall be governed and regulated by such average prices, in manner herein-before directed, until new average prices shall in like manner be made up and computed, and a certificate thereof shall be transmitted to such collectors or chief officers respectively, and be by them received,

X. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any HPon

wheaten flour imported into this kingdom from America before imjwrted from the first day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, America, being of the usual quality of superfine wheaten flour, shall not, upon the first publick sale thereof by auction in this kingdom, made pursuant to the regulations of this act, produce the ium of seventy shillings per barrel, containing one hundred and ninety-six pounds weight avoirdupois, there shall be paid and allowed, upon every such barrel, a bounty equal to the sum by which the actual price of each barrel of such flour so fold shall be less % than seventy shillings, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity; and where any such wheaten flour as aforesaid, being of the quality of fine wheaten flour, shall nor, in such publick sale by auction as aforesaid, produce the sum of sixty-eighr shillings per barrel as aforesaid, thereiball be paid and allowed, upon every

Bounty upon Indian corn.

Bounty upon i*k c imported

4x Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 10. [1800.

such barrel, a bounty equal to the sum by which the actual price of each barrel of such flour so fold shall be less than sixty-eight shillings, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Indian corn or maize, weighing four hundred and eight pounds avoirdupois per quarter, mall not, upon the first publick sale thereof by auction in this kingdom, made pursuant to the regulations of this atft, produce the sum of fifty-five shillings per quarter, there shall be paid and allowed, upon ever? such quarter, a sum equal to the sum by which the actual price of each quarter of such Indian corn or maize so fold shall be lc(s than fifty-five shillings: provided always, That three hundred and fixry-four pounds weight avoirdupois of Indian meal shall be deemed equal to one quarter of Indian corn or maize.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any rice which shall be imported into this kingdom from him fcoaiAmcrica. before the first day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, shall not, upon the first publick sale thereof by auction in this kingdom, made pursuant to the regulations of this act, produce the sum of thirty-five shillings per hundred weight, there shall be paid and allowed, upon every hundred weight of such rice, a bounty equal to the sum by which the actual price of each hundred weight of such rice so fold shall be less than thirty-five shillings.

Bounty upon

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases whertwj from The^East r*comPortec* into this kingdom, in any ship which shall have Jodies. cleared out from any port in the Eafi indies before the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and one, shall not, upon the first publick sale thereof by auction in this kingdom, at the sales of the united company of merchants of Enfold trading to the East Indies, made pursuant to the regulations of this act, produce the sum of thirty-five shillings per hundred weight, there shall be paid and allowed, upon every one hundred weight of such rice, a bounty equal to the sum by which t« actual price of each hundred weight of such rice so fold shall be less than thirty* five shillings.

No bounty to

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no bounty shall be pad American1 or Paya^e under this act, on any American wheaten flour, or anr wheaten flour, nec or Indian corn or meal, unless the same shall be sold at public. unlefo fold lick sale by auction in this kingdom, pursuant to the directions of within a li- this act, or at the sales of the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, within two months after the entry thereof at the port of importation, unless longer time shall, under particular circumstances, be allowed by the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs for England or Scotland respectively for the time being, or any two or mo«e or them. American

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all flour cx American wheaten flour, or any rice, or Indian corn or muz*, empt from " at any publick autfion pursuant to the directions of this act, auction cuty. shall be exempt from any duty payable on sales by auction.

suited time.

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 10. 943

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the importer or im- Importers of porters, or person or persons acting in his or her behalf on the wheaten fiour importation of any such wheaten flour and rice respectively, shall, g^c fourteen within forty-two days after the importation thereof, give or cause days previous to be given, notice by publick advertisement, fourteen days at the publick notice least previous to the day of sale of such wheaten flour and rice J>f and respectively, specifying the time and place of sale, and the quan-| th^cofimSr.0 tity intended to be sold, and shall all'o give or cause to be given sioners of the a Similar notice in writing, fourteen days at the least previous to customs, &c. the day of sale of such wheaten flour and rice respectively, to the wno of of the customs, if in London, or if not in London, f^to attend" to the collector and comptroller of the port into which the to certify the lame shall have been imported; and such of, col- p*ices, &e. letior, or comptroller respectively, are hereby respectively required to appoint some officer or other person to attend such sale, in order that such officer or other person may certify to the said of, or collector and comptroller, the prices at which such wheaten flour and rice respectively shall be bona fide publickly sold, and the quantities thereof together with the state and condition of the whole, according to the certificate of the persons who shall be appointed to inspect the same under the authority of this act.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Persons claim-before any bounty lhaM be paid on any wheat, barley, rye, oats, bounties pease, beans, Indian corn, or any meal, or any wheaten flour on^aththa^ or rice, under the regulations of this aeft, the person or persons the falek were claiming bounty thereon shall make proof on oath before the bona fidcfalcs. principal officers of the customs at the port of importation, of the day of the sale of such wheat, barley, rye, oats, Indian corn, \ or meal thereof, or of such pease or beans, and that the sale of such wheat, barley, rye, oats, pease, beans, and Indian corn and maize, and wheaten flour and rice respectively, was a fair and bond side sale, and that there was not any fraud or collusion in the sale of any such articles respectively, for the purposes of obtaining the bounties thereon.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the bounty by this How bounty act granted upon rice imported into this kingdom from the East on rice im-Indies shall be paid to the united company of merchants of SieEast Indies England trading to the East Indies, for the purpose of being shall be paid, paid over by the said company to such importer or importers

of such rice, as shall he entitled thereto.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said bounties shall Bounties to be under the management of the commissioners of his Majesty's ^nJpement customs in England and Scotland respectively, and shall be paid of the commis-out of any monies in their hands arising by any of the duties or fiomrs of revenues under their management respectively, to the respective customs. importers or consignees of such wheat, barley, rye, oats, pease,

beans, or Indian corn, or of such meal or wheaten flour and rice respectively; provided always, That a due entry shall be made with the proper officers of the customs at the port into which

44 Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. io.

[1800.

Entry to be which such articles shall be imported: provided alb, That the made at the collector Or other proper officer of the customs of the port pwtatioru" where such articles shall be imported, do receive full and M-

and proof factory proof that the articles for which any bounty herein

given that allowed is claimed is wholly and entirely without mixture of any

the articles other corn or grain; and that in default thereof, the said boon-

mfxture/° n*es 0, 1 apy of them shall not, nor shall any of them be allowed or paid.

«(Tted tcTfiie And* farther enacted, That before any wheat,

jiiiptifted by barley, rye, oats, pease, beans, Indian corn, or meal nude of the officers barley, rye, oats., or Indian corn, or wheat flour or rice im-of the customs ported or brought into this kingdom for bounty, under the regu-tuf Krfbnsl* la^onsof this act, shall be delivered out of the charge of the proper who are to' officer or offi ers of the customs of the port where the same certify whe- shall be respectively so imported or brought, such articles re-ther they nre spectively shall be carefully and attentively inspected and breacl exarn>ne(U and such wheat, barley, rye, oats, and Indian com

*and maize, weighed by such officer or officers of the customs u

the of of the customs in England and respectively shall think fit to direct for that duty, and two indifferent and disinterested persons, experienced in the nature of the article to be so inspected and examined; which two indifferent and disinterested persons shall be appointed for that purpose by the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in for the port of London f and by the collector and comptroller or other head officer in any other port of importation described in this act, in England or Scotland respectively, subject nevertheless in every such case to the controul and approbation, confirmation'or removal, of any such person or persons appointed in any such

port or ports aforesaid, by the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively, whenever they shall think fit; which said officer or officers of the custoro$, and two indifferent and disinterested persons (o chosen as aforesaid, {halJ, upon having viewed the same, and having weighed such quantities and proportions of any wheat, barley, rye, oats, or Indian corn and maize, as they may think Efficient for ascertaining the average weight thereof, certify and declare, upon their corporal oaths first administered in the port of London by same person authorised by the commissioners of the customs for that purpose, and in the outports by the collector, or in his absence, by the comptroller or other principal officer of the customs )t 1 the port where such articles shall be imported, (who are hereby authorised and required to administer the famej, whether the J said articles respectively. are or are not merchantable, and who* J ther any such wheaten Hour is fh-for making bread, and alto f the weight of such wheat, barley, rye oats, and Indian com and -maize respectively; and such officers and persons respectively arc £ hereby required to grant such certificate upon all corn, grain, h^pulse, flour, and meal, that shall by them have been deemed: merchantable and in good condition as aforesaid, within two dm < after the same shall have beea inspected by them as aforeh:

uii

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 10. 945

and if the same shall appear by such certificate to be, merchant^ able, and of the respective weights required by this act, where such weights are in this act specified, and such wheaten flour shall appear to be fit for making bread, the bounties respectively granted by this act shall be paid and allowed thereon; but if the same shall appear by such certificate not to be merchantable, or such wheaten flour not fit for making bread, no bounty granted by this act shall be paid or allowed thereon.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if Samples may any such officers or person or persons so appointed as aforesaid, ^Je^to m shall have any doubt as to the state and condition of any such ascertain the wheat, barley, rye, oats, or Indian corn or maize, or any meal condition of of any such corn as aforesaid, or of any wheaten flour, it shall be die articles, lawful for such officers or person or persons aforesaid, to take a sample thereof, not exceeding a bushel of any such corn, or a peck of any such meal or wheaten flour, upon payment of the reasonable value thereof, according to the lart average price of such article, for the purpose of grinding any such corn into

flour or meal, and making bread thereof, or making bread of any such meal or wheaten flour, in order thereby to ascertain the state ami condition of the same, and whether the same is fit for making bread.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said indifferent Recompence and disinterested persons so chosen by the said of thetofpcc-and principal officers respectively to inspect and examine the tors>^said articles, shall from time to time be paid by an order of, the of of his Majesty's customs in England or Scotland, or any three or more of them, out of any monies in their hands, arising by any of the duties or revenues under their management respectively, the following sums, by way of recompence or reward for their trouble in so inspecting, examining, and certifying, (that is to say), The sum of one penny per quarter for all corn, grain, or pulse, or two hundred and eighty pounds weight avoirdupois of rice, inspected, and examined and certified by them as aforesaid, and so in proportion for any greater or Iefs quantity, and the sum of one penny per barrel of all wheaten flour inspected, and examined and certified by them as aforesaid, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

XXIII. And whereas it may happen that foreign wheats barley, rye, oats, pease, beans, and Indian corn and maize, imported into this kingdom, may arrive heated and not in a merchantable state and condition; be it therefore enacted, That in every such case it shall whea\g°&c be lawful for the owner or consignee thereof, to deposit ^ri>ing not same in some warehouse to be approved of by the collector, or in in a merchant-his absence the controller or other head officer of the customs in able (late, the port where such corn, grain, or pulse, shall be imported, under ^ncT the joint locks of his Majesty and such owner or consignee; for^and the officers of his Majesty's customs in the town or port shall become where any such corn, grain, or pulse, shall be deposited, shall merchantable at all seasonable times in the day time permit the owner or con- uUnli^ signee of such corn, grain, or pulse, by his, her, or theirm c pa

VrfT-lfi arriving at a port where the

1Yd to one where it is.

Commission-

94& Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 10.

servants, to inspect, and examine, and turn such corn, grain, or pulse, and take all proper steps for the restoring the ferae to a merchantable condition; and the owner or consignee of all such corn, grain, or pulse, that shall, after any such case as aforesaid, become merchantable, and shall be certified as such in manner by this act directed, shall be entitled to the bounties by this act granted, in like manner in every respect as if the same had arrived in good and merchantable state, and such bounty shall be payable and paid according to the average prices published in the London Gazette in the third week after the article upon which any such bounty shall be claimed shall have been certified as aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any ship or vessel has arrived or shall arrive at any port ih Great Britain, where,

bounty is not according to the regulations of this act, the bounty is not allowed, allowed may the said ship or vend shall and may lawfully depart from fad port, without molestatian or hindrance, with the several articles on board, and may carry the same to any other port of Grot Britain at which the same may be entered for the bounty, and there enter, land, and deliver the same, subject nevertheless to each and every the rules, regulations, conditions, and restrictions of this act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the said

«r$ of customs articles herein enumerated and described shall be so imporrrd Jwunhea on or brouS^t from an>' the ports or places herein mentioned, articles im- into any of the respective ports herein also enumerated, sub-ported before sequent to the time limned by this act, but before the fifteenth October 15, day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, it (lull

of the vessela an" maX*aw^uI for the Commissioners of his MajeIM

customs in England and Scotland respectively, to order the bounty or bounties respectively to be paid thereon, in like manner a if the said articles had been imported within the time limited by this act $ provided proof shall be made to the satisfaction ct the said of respectively, that the ships or vessels, on voyages, have board of which respectively such articles shall be so imported or arnvert before brought, actually and bond side set fail from such respect October i. p0r|S or places for Great Britain, in such time as they mii;

in the ordinary course of their voyage, have arrived in Great Britain before the said first day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, and proof shall also be given and entry shall be made, and the articles inspected and examined, and certify in like manner as is required by this act, to authorise th payment of bounty on the said articles imported within the time limited by this act: provided always, That nothing in fa In ich. before clause contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to ac*. September i, riCe imported into this kingdom, in any ship or veffc] thatM

where ^ave c^eare{* out ^rom anX P011n before k

the voyage first day of September one thousand eight hundred and one, and shall have that the bounties by this act; granted on all such rke dull be been perform- payable and paid upon all rice imported in any such fa orvc^el>in every case where the voyage shall have been per-

K*fwlOBi

ng f at such times that they might, in the ordinary course of

Bounty on v imported in vt flHs ..fe.trtd out h\ the Kait

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 10. 947

formed according to the regulations that shall have been entered m<nt with the into with the court of directors of the said company in respect of^?u^of such voyage. lrt >rs'

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all forfeitures created Recovery and and penalties inflicted by this act, for offences committed in j*PP.li.c, t, on of England and Scotland reflectively* shall and may befticd for, pro- oreilurc* fecuted, and recovered, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster^ or in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh, respectively, in such manner, and by such ways, means, and methods, as penalties inflicted or forfeitures created in England and Scotland respectively, for any offences against the laws of customs may now be legally sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, and the produce disposed of in the like manner and applied to the like uses and purposes, unless otherwise specially provided for by this act.

XXVII. Provided always, That, any penalty or forfeiture

inflicted by this acte on any cornfactor or importer, or on any or any infpJc-inspector of corn returns, may be sued for and recovered before for of corn any two justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, city, returns, nmy or town, where such cornfactor or importer, or inspector of corn returns, shall reside; and such two justices shall, and they are justiceg# hereby authorised and required, if upon due proof and examination of the matter it shall appear to them that such cornfactor or importer, or inspector of corn returns, is guilty of the offence again! this act then alledged against him, to convict him thereof, and by warrant under their hands and' seals to levy such penalty by dilirefs and saie of his goods and chattels; and such penalty shall be applied in manner herein-before mentioned.

XXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and No bill rtutU

enacted, That no bill, plaint, or information, shall be brought he brought or sued forth in any of his Majesty's courts of record at jjf recorcTfor Westminster, for any offence against this statutfc, in cases where offence such offences are by this act cognizable by justices of the peace cognizable by relating to the same offences, or any forfeitures or penalties for justices whotethe same, but that the determination of the justices of the peace fillalT

in the county where such offence or offences shall be committed, shall be final to all intents and purposes whatsoever; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any action or Limitation <jf suit shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons anions.

+for any thing by him, her, or them done, by virtue or in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be hid in the proper county, and the defendant or defendants

in such action or suit shall and may plead the general issue,

[General issue.]

+and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their action or actions, or be nonsuited,

948 Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c.

[1800.

or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them upon Treble costs ^cmurrer or other wise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against Rich \ plaintiff or plaintiffs.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Return, of CORN, GRAIN, or PULSE, that has been examined and certified for the purpose of bounties being paid thereon, which has been fold between Sunday the and Sunday the

Date of the certificate. By whom certified. Description jscorn, grain, or pulie. Quarters. Buthels. Confi»nees or owneis. Bu>m names. Price per quarter. Ao.Jit.

CAP. XI.

An act to permit, until the first day of October, one thousand eight hundred and one, the importation of herrings and other fish, the produce of the fishery carried on in Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Newfoundland, and on the coast of Labrador, into this kingdom, without payment of duty.

[December 15, 1800.]

WHEREAS it is expedient under the frffent circutnfmtu ft permit, for a limited timey the importation ofhtrrkgt arj ether fish, the produce of the fishery carried on in Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Newfoundland, and on the coast of Labrador, tfft Great Britain, in British-£jn7f ships, ownedy navigated) and regard according to lawy without payment of duty; be it therefore eroded by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commote # in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 12. 949

the same, That* from and after the passing of this act, it shall Herrings and and maybe lawful to ami for any person or persons whatever, to import into Great Britain from Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, p<n'ted r, 0m Newfoundland, and from the coast of Labrador, in any British- Novi Scotia, built ship, owned* navigated, and registered according to law, &c*in

any herrings or other fish, the produce of the said ffiherv, with- vt'^'c, s,

i.&, without pay-

out the payment o( any duty whatever; any thing in any ad or ment 0r.L'U[)\

acts of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a due Entl7 <*f fudi entry shall be made of all such herrings and other Silh that shall be imported by virtue of this act, with the proper officers of With the profile customs at the port into which the same shall be imported; per officers and, in default thereof, the same dial) be forfeited, and shall or the cul- and may be lazed by any officer or officers of his Majesty's toni8, customs.

III. And be further enacted, That this act shall continue Continuance in force until the fit If day of October one thousand eight hundred and one.

CAP. XII.

An act for making better provision for the maintenance of the poor, and for diminishing the consumption of bread corn, by directing the manner of applying parish relief, until the sixth day of November one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence until the end of six weeks after the meeting of the then next session of parliament.

[December 22, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that provifmn should be made for the better administration of parochial relief and for the subsistence and support of the poor, during the present high price of provisons: and whereas the Introduction of certain articles of food, at reasonable prices, will materially contribute to that end, and will Uffm the number and extent of the applications for parochial >ciif, whereby the present burthens on the perjctis contributing to the parochial rates may be decreased') be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, a, nd commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the respective justices of Ju/hcesin the peace, aiding for each division and place in England, shall, as m"etaluUake soon after the passing of this act as conveniently can be done, into COniider-and so from time to time, meet together at special or petty sessions ation the Itate* to be held within the divisions or places for which they respect an: i circuzi-tively act, and at such meetings shall take into consideration the (late and circumstances of all the respective parishes and places then- re-within the limits aforesaid, and the Harare, quality, and prices of /pective juris-the different kinds of provisions, usually consumed by the poor dictions, and persons who have applied or are likely to apply for parochial relief, on account of the present icarciry and high price of corn, prfcfs of the or for other caules, and also the quality and prices of any other provisions articles of wholesome and nutritious food, which might be pro- consumed by

cured the poor. »d v the quality,

vide a (lock of provisions to be adxi-niftered as parochial relief, and may appoint the

950 Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. rz.

and prices of cured for the use of such perform at reasonable prices, and tht ftibstitutes for means of procuring the same, whereby the consumption of bro: rca t c. or bread corn, in general use within those parishes and places, may be. lessened, and the (late and condition of the poor,

particularly of such as have families of young children, mav t>:

bettered 5 and the said justices respectlrely shall call before tka the respective overseers of the poor of the several parishes, tow; -ships, and places, within such division or place, and also may a before them any other persons of the same division or plac-. from whom any useful or necessary information respectinju matters aforesaid can be obtained, or may require the infpdi1r of any books or papers of a publick nature; and may, wher, necessary, adjourn themselves from time to time, each adjournment being for not more than the space of seven days, until the several provisions of this act be fully executed, ordeuhe^ver- And be it father enacted, That it shall be lawful for ik seers to pro- respective justices of the peace, or any two or more of then:, assembled as aforesaid, and they are hereby respectively require: (unless they fee sufficienc cause to the contrary) upon due coni* deration, by any writing under the hands and feats of any two or more of them, to order and directthe overseer or overseers of tk poor, of every or any parish, rownship, or place, within there-, spective divisions 3nd places for which they act, within a time or

and q'ua- t, mes to bn such order, to provide a sufficient (lock of

lity of the provisions, towards the support and maintenance of the persons to articles, and whom parochial relief shall be given, to be administeredtoto,

a person to either upon sale thereof at reasonable prices, or by the distribution

*, on thereof in lieu of a certain portion of the relief to be bute the same, according to the directions herein after provided; and to lim who shall be and appoint the kind, quantity, and quality of each and crr> article of food lobe so provided 5 which articles may confilU the discretion of the said justices, of any kind or fort otwhote and nutritious food, mixed with each other, or unmixed (o: s than and except bread made wholly of wheat or wheaten floe, and other than and except the kind or kinds of bread in common use, in ordinary times, within the respective parishes and pi.tf to which such orders shall relate); and the said justices (balli have authority, whenever they shall think fit, to appoint a prf; person or persons to prepare, keep, and fell or distribute, irtf time to time, such articles of food as shall have been profit by such overseer or overseers, in pursuance of such order, tV whose labour and care such reward shall be paid, or compenUti* made, as shall be agreed upon between such person and such overseer or overseers, with the consent and approbation of w said justices.

III. And be it further enacted, That in every parish, townlb 3, or place for which such order as aforesaid shall be made, the iad justices shall, at their special or petty sessions, prescribe general the overseers, rules and regulations for the guidance of the overseer and ottr-and direct a seers in the application <rf the (lock of provisions lo ordered, ^o°LiUQ £'vmS thereof to the respective overseers of the poor, is,

paid fur his trouble

Justices shall prrscribe rules for the guidance of

A

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 12. 951

such manner as they in their discretion shall judge convenient; 'nAr?, e bya and may from time to time alter and amend the said rules and o^ale of such regulations, at special or petty sessions, as to them shall seem meet, article* giving notice of such alteration or amendment as aforesaid; and the said justices shall further, in every such case, direct and order, that in every case where relief shall have been or shall be ordered to be given, or shall be allowed to any poor person, or to or in respect of his or her family, or any part thereof, a certain portion of such relief, no* exceeding the portion herein after mentioned, shall be made either by a distribution of such of the several articles of food, in lieu of such portion of relief, conformably to the said general rules and regulations, or in such proportions as the said justices shall, in and by their order, direct; or where such distribution shall not be made, then by a sale of such of the said several articles, or any of them, to the person or persons obtaining such relief, as he, she, or they shall choose, at such reasonable prices as shall be settled by the overseer or over-seers, with the consent of two justices of the division or place, such prices not to exceed the rate of the prime cofl of the articles, and such a per centage on the prime cost, over and above the same, as may be necessary to defray the charges of sale, such per centage to be fixed by the said justices, in consideration of the circumstances attending the purchase and sale of the said articles.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Parochial whole, or any part of the parochial relief ordered or allowed to administered any person, or to oc in respect of his or her family, may be ad- ,n articles of ministered in any of the articles of food, to be furnished in pur- foodinacer-fuance of this act, as the case may require, in lieu of a sum of tain propor-money equal to the price of such articles, as the same shall be tl0IU settled by the respective justices, and the proportion thereof shall be fixed at the discretion of the respective justices, provided such proportion shall in no case exceed weekly the value of one third of the parochial relief given to any person, or his or her family, subsisting wholly on parochial relief, or one third of thejoint amount of the weekly earnings of any person, and his or her family, and the parochial relief ordered or allowed to him or her, or for or in respect of his or her family.

V. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which any Money given sum or sums of money have been given or bequeathed for the purpose of providing bread to be given or distributed among the be^iflrf-poor of anyparish or place, it shall and may be lawful for any buted byorder two or more justices of the peace aefting in and for the county, oftwojuf-riding, or division in which such parish or place shall be situated, ticesin bread to direeft such distribution to be made in bread made of the whole ducted. produce of wheat, or in bread 'made of wheat flour mixed with the flour or meal of any other wholesome grain, and not in fine wheaten bread: provided always, That the value of the bread so distributed shall be equal to the value of the fine wheaten bread which has usually been so distributed or given.

4VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two justices Vos, XIII, two auyiniptftor

952. Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. u.

[1800.

appoi tap-r- two justices of the peace of the division or place, at their Jifcre-, ion to n p- ft to inspect and examine, or to appoint a fit and properperson pvovhed*8 to a°d examine, the several articles of food provided in

*nd take! pursuance of this aand to take an account, or require the or require the overseer or overseers for the time being to render an account to overseers to thern^ Of the kinds, qualities, quantities, and prices of the several counVor^he" art, c^es of f°°d so provided, and the flock (if any) then in hand, kinds, c111.1l and from time to time to make such orders in writing, and such lities, nu n- alterations in any former order, as to them shall seem meet; and titles, and if any person or persons shall wilfully obstru# or hinder any rhe^storlTthen ju*ce or justices of the peace, or any person authorised as afore-in hand. said, in making such inspection as aforesaid, or demanding or Pen?.ltvforob- reclu^nS so make such inspectionas aforesaid, or if any overseer fir lifting jut- or over(eers shall not render any account, ora true and faithful tices, or rot account, of the several articles of food provided, or of the flock rendering a in hand, every such overseer or person shall forfeit a sum not true account, exceeding twenty pounds nor less than five pounds.

When the

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thatwhen-tlVons shall ever ju^, ces of the division or place, assembled at special or have estabiiih- petty sessions, shall have directed and established general rules and ed rules, any regulations, for the guidance of the respective overseers withm one of the their limits, in the distribution of the articles of food to be pro-order the ay 'ided in pursuance of this act, it shall be lawful for anyone overseers to justice of the division or place, by his order in writing, todirect, gi ant relief and for the overseer or overseers of the parish, township, or place,

or Wit^out such ^er, to grant relief to the poor by the file or of foodU or the distribution of food, conformably to such roles and regulations, overseers may and to the true intent and meaning of this act. do so, without such order.

First meeting

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the first meeting of of justices to justices to be held in their respective divisions and places, in pur-limited time Stance of this act, shall not be later than twenty-one days after ?.nd if not so* the passing of this act $ and in case no such meeting shall be held J

held in any within the time herein-before limited, in or for any division or I

place, the iuf- jjace, it shall be lawful for the justices assembled at the then quartert lC next general or quarter sessions of the peace, or at any adjourned

sessions to ex- sessions, as herein after provided, and they are hereby required to ecute this act, execute this act>, and to do all matters and things which the justices unless they al- at special or petty sessions are hereby authorised to do and execute, t?mefto the7 un*e^sn their discretion the said justices at general or quarter special sessions shall allow, and they are hereby authorised, either at such 1

liens.^sessions or at any adjournment thereof, and so from time to time, in their discretion, to allow further time to the justices to execute the same at special or petty sessions, within their respective d.vi-

rr r*i fi°nS'

flffhmr^tem And be it further enacted, That whenever the jute

it in onvc- assembled at the special or petty sessions for any division or place

nienttoexe- shall, for any cause, have deemed it inconvenient or impracli-cute this act, cable to carry this act into execution, in any parish, township, the^cfidlfthallor P^ace» Aiali, without delay, draw up in writing \iotiei be tnmsmitted their hands, a statement of the cause or causes of such non-

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 12. 953

execution thereof, and transmit the same to the clerk of the to the clerk of peace, or town clerk, of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, or V?.

place, before the next general or quarter sessions of the pence, or of the quarter*C any such adjourned sessions; which statement shall be laid before sessions for such justices on the first day of holding the said sessions, or of any detennina-adjournment thereof; and the said justices shall take into consideration the cause or causes so alledged, and shall adjudge upon and de- be Adjourned termine the same according to the best of etieir judgement, and to such places shall make such order therein as to them shall seem meet, which and times as order or orders shall be revocable from time to time, as cir- 171 bf nc" cumstances may require, by the justices at any future general or ce 3r*' quarter sessions, or any such adjourned sessions, or may be altered or varied by them as shall be expedient; but which orders, being recorded amongst the proceedings of the said sessions as herein after directed, shall respectively be final and conduitve in all other respects, and shall not be removed or removeable, by any process whatever, into any other court, any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding; and that so long as this 3ct shall, in the judgement of such justices, require to be further executed in any such parish, township, or place, they fha! adjourn such general or quarter sessions, or shall appoint from time to time other general sessions to be held at such place or places, at such time or times as shall appear to them necessary for the due cxe* cution of this act.

X. And be it further enacted, That the justices assembled at Thejn/Hces at their general or quarter sessions, respectively, to be hclJen in the first week after the Epiphany one thousand eight hundred and one, yIOTls fliau are hereby required to adjourn the same to some day, not later jcurn it until than the corresponding clay in the ensuing calendar month, and theythinkthe so from time to time, or from month to month, until the ensuing ^ccu^e^am! general or quarter sessions, to be holden next after the day ofiVe notice of Easter one thousand eight hundred and one, or until, in the adjournrr.ciit opinion of the said justices, this act shall have been executed in some news-throughout their respective jurisdictions, as far as circumstances will admit, and shall cause rotice of the time and place fixed for ciaHbflions^ such adjourned sessions to be published in some newspaper usually has not been circulated in the county, riding, division, city, liberty, or place; held, shall give and in every case where a special or petty sessions shall not have notice to been held in any division within such county, riding, division, to attend^th city, liberty, or place, the said justices shall cause notice to be such papers as given of the time of holding such adjourned sessions, to the over- may be ne-(eer or overseers of the respective parishes and places within such ce^?*rV»;, m* division, requiring him or them to attend at such adjourned fh^TYce cause sessions, and may also require him or them to bring and lay be- not to CRrry fore the said justices, such books and papers, of a publick nature, the into

as the said justices shall deem necessary; and whenever the said execution, or justices assembled at the general or quarter sessions, or any adjourned sessions, shall fee cause not to carry this act into execu- cause tion, in any paiilh or placewithin their respective jurisdictions, theirpioceed-or shall make gay order in purftiance of this act, they shall cause m&s to be rest record of their proceedings to be ma.'e, and the respective

oruers transmiUcd t9

954 Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 12. [1800.

the secretiny orders to be filed amongst the proceedings of the said sessions, and of ft ate. a COpy or COpie8 of all records, orders, and proceedings of the

court of general or quarter sessions in atiy way touching or concerning this a#, or any of the provisions thereof, shall be without delay transmitted to his Majesty's principal secretary of (late.

The overseers,

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

with the con- overseers of the poor* in any parish, township, or place, with the consent of the major part of the parishioners or inhabitants of the tJhe^inhabit- ^arne Par*rti, town ship, or place, in vestry, or other parish or pub-ants, or of the lick meeting, for that purpose assembled, or with the coofemof fele& vestry the major part of the fele# vestry, where such feled vestry shall T where choien, ch0fen> for such parish, township, or place, at the ufuat place I !i!ock ofnalr. a of meeting, for that purpose assembled, or of the major part of I tide*, directed such of them as shall be respectively so assembled, to fumish a \ to be supplied stock of the like articles of provisions as may have been directd '^to be supplidd by overseers, for the support and maintenance of contract*w?th P°°r^Parl^> township, or place, to any person or persons

them for the

keeping a shop or shops, or felling articles of provisions by sale thereof, retail in the same parish, township, or place, if any such be there in ffiich a*1*1" re^enti refnling at some convenient distance therefrom, ot SS^ be"*any other proper person or persons so resident, and to contract sold to the pa- with such persons respectively for the administration and sale of riihioners, at such articles of provisions as aforesaid, or to contract with any not more than such person or persons for the furnishing of such article or articles,

and^reaion!* provisions, to be sold to any inhabitants of the same parish,

able per cent- township, or place, for themselves or their families, who dull

age to the apply for the purchase of such articles, in a quantity or quantities

contraflor. proportioned to the necessary consumption of his or her family, or their respective families $ and such articles shall be (bid ready money only, and at such reasonable prices as shall hive been settled between such overseer or overseers, and the person or persons entering into such contract; such prices in no case to exceed the prime cost of the article, and a reasonableper catqt thereon, over and above the same, such per centage to be had, received, and taken by and for the sole use and benefit of the person or persons entering into such contract, as a compensation for the labour and care employed in and about the same, and to be fixed or limited by a contract in writing, under the hands of the overseer or overseers, or the major part of them, and allowed wuheonfent two justices of the same division or place, on consideration of as aforesaid, the circumstances under which such contract shall be made* and may raise, by a for the better performance of such contract, it shall be lawful for poor rate, the said overseer or overseers, with such consent as aforesaid, to

Turchafe such ra*le> a rate to mac*e ^or l^e rc^e P°°r» as mDc

itock ^nd C money as will be necessary to purchase an adequate stock of luck

advance the provisions, or to apply, out of the monies raised by such rates,

same in pay- ^he requisite sum for that purpose, and to advance the same cither

c!rTo the^0^n Payment for such articles of provisions as shall be fimuflied by

con'm#or*. such overseer?, or to the person or persons entering into any cod.

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 12. 955

tra<ft for ftimHhing the same, in such proportions, and to be repaid at such times, as shall be fixed in such contract.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any person that If contractor!

shall, by virtue of this act, enter into any co\itr2# with any do not overseer or overseers of the-poor of any parish, township, or ^dv^ncTc^Two place, for the furnishing of any article or articles of provisions as justices may aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to re-pay any sum or sums of order their money, which shall have been advanced to him by such overseer^e

or overseers, at the time or times fixed in such contract for

repayment, then on due proof thereof, on the oath or oaths, inefficient, or solemn affirmations, of the overseer or overseers of the same the him due parish, town ship, or place, for the time being, that any sum of may be reco-tnoney so advanced ha: h not been re-paid at the time or times ^onontbc fixed for re-payment thereof, but then remains due, it shall be cafc#

lawful for two justices of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, or place, in their respective divisions, and they are hereby required, on complaint of such neglect or refusal, by warrant under their hands and seals, to cause the goods and chattels of the person so contracting, or which shall come into the hands of his executors or administrators, wheresoever the same can be found, to be seized and secured; and in case the sum of money so due, or any part thereof, be not sooner paid or satisfied, to cause the said goods and chattels to be sold, to satisfy and pay such overseer or overseers, as well the money so advanced, as the costs of such seizure, detention, and fa!e, returning the overplus (if any) to the party; and if any part of the monies shall remain unsatisfied after such seizure and sale, the same shall be recovered in an aelion on the case for money had and received, by and in the name of the overseer or overseers of the same parish, townftiip, or place, for the time being, against the person so contra&irjg, his executors or administrators, which action may be brought in any court in this kingdom holding pleas to the amount of the sum due as aforesaid.

[If any person

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall, with the confenc of such major part of the in- Uiali advance

habitants or feletf vestry assembled as aforesaid, voluntarily

advance, and lend to tire overseer or overseers of the poor of the pure hate

any parish, tov/nship, or place, any sum or sums of money of provisions,

towards or for the purchase of9stock of provisions, to be h shall be applied for the support and maintenance of the inhabitants of r ln_'..11 c t the tale or the

such panlh, towntmp, or place, by all or any or the ways art^.jes or

provided by this act, and shall a^ree to continue such lo«n from the poor

for a time to be limited, not exceeding the space of three calen- r ites, attne

dar months, or if, at or after the expiration of three calendar months, or othjer time limited, such person or persons' thall

agree to continue such loan for a like further period, the sum {uttice of the

or sums so advanced and lent shall be repaid at such time or place may

times, by the overseer or overseers for the time being, out o*

any money in their hands, drifing from the sale of the said ^eceflary

article, or from the rates made for the relief of the poor of each may order a

parish, townflbip, and place respectively; and such rates shall rate to be

from forthwith

the over leers have money, or sufficient rates shall have been

raised, or if from time to time stand as a security for such re-payment; and in case any sum or sums of money so advanced and lent (bill not be paid and satisfied at the time or times limited for such payment, or within the space of twenty days after demand thereof shall be maJe from such overseer or overseers, it shall or^ri'Timedi. ^or any one or more the justices of the peace of

ate payment.*the county, riding, division, city, liberty, or place, to furnmoa the overseer or overseers who shall refuse or neglect to make such payment, find, if necessary, to order a rate or rate?, for the relief of the poor, to be forthwith made, raised, and collected by such overseer or overseers, within the same parish, township, or place, for the speedy payment of so much as shall appear to such justice or justices to be due to the person or persons advancing or lenaing such sura or sums; or if such overseer or overseers shall then have monies in his or their hands, or sufficient rates for that purpose shall have been made, to order immediate payment to be made of such sura and sums respectively, together with such charges ?s may have been incurred by such person or persons, in consequence of such refusal or negletf; and if the overseer or overseers shall refuse or neglect to obey the order of such justice or justices in

If overseers do not oi^ey

money may be raiied by d iltrc fs.

The majority of the parishioners, or of thr IcU ct vestry where chosen, may

rcgar(l to the matters lad before-mentioned, the sum directed to be paid by such order shall be recovered by distress while of the goods and chattels of such overseer or overseers respectively, together with the costs attending such distress and sale, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the onajor part of the parishioners or inhabitants of any parish, township, or place, in vestry or other parish or publick meet; j so assembled as aforesaid, or for the major part of the feled vestry, where such select vestry shall be chosen, to nominate

appoint house- and appoint two or more, according to the extent of the panlh, ftnptu act" substantial householders of the said parish, township, or

gratis with place, as are willing to act, without fee or reward, to exercise, the ovukers. conjointly with the overseers of the poor, all the powers given to them by this ain those cases, in which such overliren shall be empowered by their respective vestries or parish meetings, to provide a flock of provisions for sale to the inhabitants except the powers of making and enforcing the rates to be levied for that purpose.

XV. And whereas certain hundreds, towns, and ht, Jar the better maintenance and employment of the poor, been my* rated by virtue cf divers acts of parliament faffedfor that firrfty; a fid hoifes of industry have been erctttd therein, under the giciw and management of directors and guardians of the poor: and ink vw certain workhouses have been ere fled, in pursuance of certain steer efts of parliament, in divers parishes and places in England tut fiib xorpirated, for the purpose of maintaining onl suppsrting ft pr therein, which have been placed under the management of governor; ir others contracting to support and maintain the poor, or mat It urn the controul of the respeffm overseers of the poor\ and it u extort

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 12, 957

that the poor received into any such houses of industry, work houses,

should be supplied with provisions, according to the regulations of this act\ be it further enacted, That in respect of all such poor per- Rules for Tons as shall have been or shall be received into any such house carrying this of industry or workhouse, the respective directors, guardians ^itfon wi7h the poor, governors, and overseers aforesaid, as the case may re^eA^the be, shall have iauthority, and they are hereby respectively re-poor m houses quired to carry this act into execution, in all matters appertaining of industry, thereto, as fully and effectually, as the justices qt spechl or petty", ), <1Cc?s?' sessions are hereby authorised in any matter relating to the poor sordid/ who receive relief from the respective overseers of the poor; and maintenance, the said directors, guardians, governors, and others, having the aikhn wotk-guidance, management, or coutroul of any such house of in- ihouI^1^rc^c^ duftry, or workhouse, are hereby required, as soon after the of acts of^expiration of fourteen days after the passing of this act as con-parliament, veniently can be done, to provide from time to time a sufficient stock of wholesome and nutritious food of any kind whatever, which they shall think necessary, (other than and except bread made wholly of wheat or wheaten flour), for the use, support, and maintenance of the poor in their respective houses of industry and workhouses, and to limit and appoint the quantity of each article to be distributed, daily or weekly, or from time to time, to each poor person, and to set down the kinds and quantity of each kind, so to be provided and distributed, in a book to be kept for that purpose, which books shall be open to the inspection of any justice of the peace of the division or place where such house of industry or workhouse shall be fuuatc; and the said directors, guardians, governors, and overseers,

shall, at the next general or quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, or place, report their proceedings to the justices there assembled, and the cause or causes (if any) which shall have prevented, or are likely to prevent, their carrying this into execution, according to the true intent and meaning thereof, and the justices, at such general or quarter sessions, are hereby authorised and required to consider the same, and to confirm the same, or to make such alterations therein, and such regulations in respect thereof as to them shall seem expedient, and to make an order accordingly, which order shall be obeyed by the said directors, guardians, governors, and overseers respectively, as the case may require, in all matters and things therein or thereby confirmed or altered, regulated or ordered, under the penalty directed to be inflicted by this acte on overseers for disobedience of the orders of justices at special or petty /e(lions, or which by law may be inflidied for disobedience of an order of the court of general or quarter sessions, and which order shall he*revocable from time to time, as circumstances may require, by the justices at any future general or quarter sessions, or may be altered or varied by them as shall be expedient; but which orders shall respectively be final and conclusive in all other respects, and shall not be removed or removcaWe by any process

9x8

Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 12. [1805.

whatever, into any other court $ any law, usage, orcustom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Janices in X Vi. And be it further enttfled, That in respetf of all such spec. il kiTioas persons belonging to any incorporated hundred, town, or bAj for per- ^istrict, or to any parish or pariftes, place or places, where any son.i vrh.) have Inch house of industry or workhouse, shall have been crcded,

net been ivetive! into such iiouks

workhouses.

B^pences incurred by -ovtrfeers in the execution of this and allowances for inspection of

who shall require parochial relief, but shall not have been received into such house of industry, or workhouse, the judices of the division or place, assembled at their special or petty sessions, or any two or more of them, shall have authority to make order for providing food for the said persons by the said directors, guardians, and overseers respectively, as effectually as they are hereby authorised to do in other cases of persons requiring parochial relief, subject to such controul of the justices, at their general or quarter sessions, as is herein-before directed in the cases where this act shall not have been executed.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That such charges and expences incurred by any overseer or overseers of the poor in the execution of this aift, and such moderate allowance for the trouble and loss of time of such overseer or overuers, or persons employed in the inspection of such provisions, «shall be allowed and approved by any two or more justices of the peace of the division or place, shall be defrayed outot the raw

out of the poor rates.

township, and place respectively; which rates they are hereby

empowered to make, or cause to be made, whenever the same shall be necessary, in such manner as they are empowered to make rates for the relief of the poor by any law now in free.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any one or more justice or justices of the peace, within

whole jurisdiction any offence or offences against tins afttbll

are incurred, be committed, for which any pecuniary penalty shall be in-

may deter- curred, or the person charged with such offence shall relide,

mine the^upor, complaint or information to him or them made, to sum-

matter in a*. r.r,

summary way, nnon the party or parties accused, and also the witnesses on

and on non- eithec tide, to appear before him or them, at a certain tine

payment m^y anc; place in fitch summons to be specified; and upon the <[>

JuPiIrcs for olb nets for v'l ich peril -

inrapprthending offenders, & c.

Se°delrayedt0 ma(^c* or to be for relief of the poor for each parict,

lfue warrants pearance Of the party or parties accused, or in default of his,

her, or their appearance according to such summons, (ouep'cot being made of the service of such summons), to proceed to hear and determine the matter in a summary way; and upon d e proof; mde of the offence, either by the voluntary confetuon of the party or parties accused, or by the o-th of one or nio-e credible witness or witnesses, (which oath or oaths the said justice or justices is or are empowered to administer), to canvid the party or parties, and to award and1 adjudge the polities iniposed by this act, to be paid by such offender or offenders, together with reasonable costs and charges attending iuchecus'; diion; and upon nonpayment of the sum so' awardse ther immediately, or at such time as the said justice or jolliers thtri appoint, not exceeding seven dap, such justice or justices be ot

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. tz9^9

whom such conviction shall be had, is or are hereby empowered and authorised to issue his or their warrant for apprehending such offender; and in case such offender shall escape or go out of the jurisdiction of such justice or justices, it shall and may be lawful for any other justice of the peace, of the county or place where such offender shall be found, by indorsement of such warrant, to authorise the execution thereof withir. the jurisdiction of such justice > and the justice or justices who granted such warrant may, upon the offender being brought before him or them, commit such offender to some publick prison or house of correction of the city, county, or place in which such offence shall have been committed, or such offender shall have redded, there to remain, without bail or roainprize, for any term not exceeding one calendar month, nor less then fourteen days, from the day of every such commitment, unless such offender shall focFner pay the sum to be mentioned in every such warrant of commitment.,

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall be summoned as witness or witnesses, to give appetring1^ evidence before any such justice or justices of the peace, touch- rctuting to ing any matter contained in this act, and shall neglect or refuse anfverqutf-to appear at a time and place for that purpose appointed, withouttlons* a reasonable excuse for such his or their neglect or refusal, to be allowed of by such justice or justices, every such person fti3ll forfeit and pay for every such offence, any sum not exceeding forty shillings, nor less than twenty shillings, to be levied and paid in such manner and by such means as herein-be fore directed with respect to other penalties; and if any person or persons summoned as a witness or witnesses to give evidence as aforesaid, shall appear at the time and place for that purpose appointed, but shall refuse to answer any lawful questions such justice or justices may think proper to put to him, such justice or justices may commit every such person to some prison or house of correction of the city, county, or place, within the jurjtdidion of such justice or justices, for anytime not exceeding fourteen days from the time of every such commit!.tent.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the justice or justices of Convictions the peace before whom any offender shall be convicted as afore-

laid, shall cause the said conviction to be made out in the fol- following lowing form of words, or in any form of words to the same effect i (that is to say),

BE it remembered, That on this 4To wit, J «£> day of in the

form*

year of his majesty King A.B. is convicted before me

(or, us) one*(0?', two) of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the [as the case may be] for that the said A.B. on the day of now taft past,

did, contrary to the statute in that case ma<]e and provided [cere Jhu the qffinte cgiinjl the a/?], and I (or, wej do declare

ami

and adjudge that the said A. Ft. hath forfeited the sum« of lawful money of Great Britain, for the (far aforesaid. Given under mv band and seal (tr$ our hands & seals) the day and year aforesaid.*

for want of form, or removed into any other court.

Appeal may be made to the quarter sessions.

Con vision to ^n(j faij justice or justices before whom such conviction fnJ

the Cquartert0 be hacJ'cert^y the same to the next general or quarter sessions to be sessions of the peace to be holden for the county, riding, dhi. filed, and (bast fion, city, liberty, or place, wherein such conviction hi nf1^to an^ kept anion£^1C records of the said gened c?

aran ° quarter sessions; and such conviction shall be good and vslii h: the hw, to all intents and purposes, and shall not be quaUxi set aside, or judged void or insufficient, for want of form c;, h and shall not be liable to be removed by any process whatever into any other court, but shall be deemed and taken to be Em! to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XXI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, T>.h all and every person and persons who shall think him, her, c themselves aggrieved, by the judgement or determinate 0i any such justice or justices as aforesaid, in respect ofsnv pecuniary penalty, may appeal to the justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, or place where luca judgement shall be given, at their then next general or quarter sessions of the peace, unless such next general or quarter i?to of the peace shall happen to be holden within six days not after any such con vision; and in such case such person or persons may appeal to the next subsequent general or quarter sessions« the peace which shall be holden for any such county, riding, d: \i-fion, city, liberty, or place; but no such appeal shall be rece^i, beard, or determined, unless the appellant or appellants flu!: first en; er into a recognizance, with two sufficient fureticqlm such justice or justices so convicting as aforesaid, in the in of ten pounds each, to appear and prosecute every such appeal with effect; and ihejuftkis of the peace at such general or quarter feffiens of the peace are hereby authorised and required, on every such appeal being made, and on reasonable nor: thereof given to the orher party, finally to hear anddetenrv. the matter of every such appeal, and to make such order, uviu awatd such costs therein, as they in their discretion (hill fit meet; and which said order and determination shall befirtlarc conclusive to all parties; and no Ctrtiorari shall be allowed to remove any such proceedings or determination.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That one moiety of the penalties by this act imposed shall, when recovered, go and he paid 10 the person or persons who shall profecure toconviftia any such offender or offenders, and the other moiety to the pea: of the pnrish in which the oiience shall be committed

Application of penalties.

Limitation of actions.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no person (hi!

illfe

sued or prosecuted for any thing done in pursuance and in execution of this act, after the expiration of six months from the time when the offence was committed; and every such sui tor pro-

a

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 13, 14* 961

'decution shall be brought in the county, riding, division, city, r .^liberty, or place where such offence shall have been committed,

# a-tand not elsewherej and every person so sued shall and may

plead the general issue (not guilty) and may give this act and General issue. the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon;

[Double costs.]

M.and if a verdict shall be found for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff shall become nonfuir, or discontinue atfion after the defendant shall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon a demurrer against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants in every such action 'shall receive double costs, and have the like remedy for the same,

as defendants have in other cases for the recovery of their costs.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be in Continuance force until and upon the sixth day of November one thousand ot' act. r*'weight hundred and one, and from thence until the end of fix ^weeks after the meeting of the then next fdfion of parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XIII.

An act to enable of * to purchase certain buildings for the accommodation of the two houses of parliament.

[Dec. 11, 1800.]

WHEREAS it is necessary, for the accommodation of the two houses of parliament, that certain houses and buildings in Old jTPalace Yard should be purchased for the publick use; and it is expedient that the value of such houses, buildings, and tenements, should be'f ascertained by indifferent persons, without delay. George Dance, Samuel ', Pepys Cockerell, and John Groves esqrs. are appointed commissioncis "for the purchase of buildings for the accommodation of parliament, who, if the parties refuse to fell, &c. may require the sheriff of Middlesex - to impannel a jury to ascertain the value or the premises. Upon payment of the sums alleffect, the parties shall convey the premises to the commissioners, and if they cannot make a title, refuse to convey, or cannot be found, the of may order the money to be paid inro j>the bank, subject to the order of the court of chancery. Alter such ^payment into the bank, the premises shall veit in his Majesty.

CAP. XIV.

An act for raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and one; and for appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

[Dec. 3r, 1806 ]

Treasury may direct exchequer bills, not exceeding 3,500,000l. to be made i our, as prescribed by the malt act. Malt 5t to extend to this, except as u> chirging the bills on that duty and the rate of interest. Bills not lo be received for any 14x, before Oiffober xo, 180#. How blls shall be repaid. The bank may advance the money. Monies raised by the duties on malt, Scc. c. 7. on pensions, See. c. 8. and 3, 500, cool, by this act, granted shall be applied as follows: 3,435,000l. for naval fervices. 666, ooool. for wages of no, ooool. men, including 11, 696 marines for three lunar months, commencing January x. 1801. 684. ooool for their victualling. 1, 080, ooool. for wear and tear of ships. 90 ooool. for ordnance for'fen service. 105, ooool. for ordinary of the navy. ico, ooool. for extraordinary of the navy. 35,000l. for Tick prisoners of war. 4.75, 000l. for transport service and prisoners of war in health. 457, 000b for ordnance for land service. 1, 1 + 1, 591l. for land service. 36a, 0554. for 58, 518 effective men in Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney, from December =5,

tC>30,

962 Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 15. [1800.

1800, to March t*, t*oi. 501, 486l. for forces in the plantations, k. 374»35ol* !°r the »dhd»* the miners of Cornwall and Devon, atdu? sensible infantry, no cool, for inertafrd rata of quarteringfol'itna*; allowance in lieu of small beer. 127.5ool.for recruiting, comiiigcrcittfjiy and extra feed, ray ooool. for volunteer coips. 171, 200k for the toroct department. 150 ooool. for foreign corps. 35: ooool. for feerrt tmt: 60, ooool. for French emigrants and American loyalilU. S, ooool. for vifts-at home. 15 r 6+3l. 16s. 8d. for intend on exchequer bilk, jo, oc& for laying in storto ot fish.

lfy>

respe

---

CAP. XV.

An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof.

[Dec, 31, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

Whereas it is expedient to take an Account of the total Number of Persons within the kingdom of Great Britain, together with the progressive Increase or Diminution thereof; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[The Overseers of the Poor (or in Default thereof, some substantial Householder) of every Parish and Place in England, and such Persons as shall be appointed by the Sheriff Deputes, Stewart Deputes, and Justices in Scotland, shall take an Account of the Number of Persons found within each Parish and Place, and set down the Particulars, according to the Form in the annexed Schedule.]

That within that Part of Great Britain called England, the respective Overseers of the Poor, or in Default thereof, some substantial Householder of every Parish, Township, and Place, and within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, such Persons as shall be for that Purpose appointed by the Sheriff Deputes, Stewart Deputes, and Justices of the Peace, to act in and for every Parish, shall, at the Time and in the Manner herein after directed, severally take an Account of the Number of Persons who shall be actually found at the Time of taking such Accounts to be within the Limits of such Parishes, Townships, and Places respectively, and shall set down the several Particulars respecting the same, according to the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this Act.

[Copies of the Act and Schedules shall be transmitted by the King's Printer to the Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks in Great Britain; the Acts shall be distributed by them to the Justices and the Schedules to the different Persons appointed for England and Scotland.]

---

II. And for the more speedy and effectual obtaining of such Accounts, be it further enacted, That a sufficient Number of printed copies of this Act, and of the Schedule thereto annexed, shall, so soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, be transmitted by His Majesty's Printer to the Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks of the several and respective Counties, Stewartries, Ridings, Divisions, Precincts, Sokes, Franchises, Liberties, Cities, Boroughs, Towns and Counties Corporate in Great Britain; and that the said several Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks shall, and they are hereby required, with all convenient Speed, to cause the said Act to be distributed amongst the acting Justices of the Peace within their respective Limits; and also within that Part of Great Britain, called England, to cause a sufficient Number of the Schedule to this Act annexed to be delivered to the High Constables, or where there are no High Constables, to such other proper Officers who have the Execution of Precepts from Justices of the Peace to inferior Officers within their respective limits, at the Epiphany Quarter Sessions of Peace in the Year One thousand eight hundred and one; and within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to cause a sufficient Number of the said Schedule to be delivered to such Persons and at such Times as are for that Purpose herein after mentioned.

ys: iz

III. And be it further enacted, That within that part of Great the^fheon* Britain called England, the high constables or other proper (tables shall, officers fodescribed as aforesaid, within their respective juriTdic- at the Epi-? ions aforesaid, shall, at the said Epiphany quarter fe/Hons of the

t ^eace in the year one thousand eight hundred and one, pursuant /j.0^, t^cc, vc^', 0 the dirctfions aforesaid, receive from the clerks of the peace clerks of the -"»r town clerks, the said printed schedules, and forthwith deliver peace, &c. tjrcaufeto be delivered one such schedule to the rector, vicar, the schedules, Curate, or other officiating minister, and one other such schedule delive?cnTto; ', o one of the overseers of the poor of every parish, township, or the minister,

'dace, as well within towns corporate as without, in their re- See. and one; "^pective limits; and also one such schedule to the overseer oroth?rtoan: overseers of every extra-parochial place within the said limits; foM^iaT

And if there shall be no such overseer therein, then to some householder'>ne substatuial householder re Tiding within the said parish, town- of each parish' hip, or extra-parochial place; and thereupon the said overseers °»* place, who »r substantial householdeis as aforesaid, taking to their assistance ^aflTfta^ce " 'he churchwardens or chapelwardens, fidelmen, parish cleik, Gfthe.Jnd vestry clerk, (if any), and employing, if they shall think churchwar- it, the constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or ether peace Hens, See.upon. Officers, for such parishes, townsnips, or places, (such ^evera^gQjC^IjJ°e>arl Persons being hereby required to' be aiding and afliiling therein account of .^or that purpose), shall, upon the tenth day of March in the the number ear one thousand eight hundred and one, proceed to take an of persons; ccount in writing of the number of persons at that time being the mf

: vithin the limits of such parishes, townships, and places, respect fe]yer8of ively, and inform themselves of the several particulars relating certain par-o the matters specified in the three fit ft questions in the said ticulars, and

rhedule, by proceeding together or separately from house to loufe, or otherwise, as they shall judge expedient for the better ^/[Sj0n8 ac. Execution of this act, and from such information shall prepare cording to the n answer or return to the said questions, according to the form form in the >rescribed in the said schedule, and shall sign the same with schedule. heir names and respective additions, as such overseers or sub-iantial householders as aforesaid; and the better to enable the said werfeers or substantial householders as aforesaid, to make such nfwers and returns, they, and the persons so assisting them as foresaid, are hereby authorised and empowered to a'k all such jueftions of the persons within the said parish, township, or'dace, respecting themselves and the number and quality of the jeifons constituting their respective families, as shall be necessary or stating the particulars required to be stated concerning Penalty for hem, in the said anuvers and returns; anti every such person re (tiling to efufing to answer, or wilfully giving a false answer to such or*v

[ueftions, or any of them, shall for every such refusal or false

answer, (wins.

(Usd

answer, forfeit a sum not exceeding five pounds, nor kfs this Itior forty Shillings, at the discretion of the justice or justices before J to-whom complaint thereof shall be made. j leers

IV. And be it further enacted That the justices of to J) afori peace, or any two or more of them, within their respeSier afo*c

Justices in England shall appoint a time and place (between the

for t:

Ah

jurisdictions in England, shall, at, or so soon as conveniently nm be after, the said Epiphany quarter sessions in the year one tho> sand eight hundred and one, appoint a time and place, or oss an(j p]aceSj (which time shall be not sooner than the tendiirj for the 1 OI^ April, nor ^ater than the thirtieth day oUpril in the yearly curai ovej sters or thousand eight hundred and one, and may be at the Eo/liripar-J or pj householders ter session if they shall think fit), for the overseers of the poor a j fr?e I returnTandtl1 ^evrera* Par^es> townships, and places, within their respedi«j Cu! answers to divisions or limits, or for such substantial householders as afore-1 a^\v the three hrlt said, as the case may be, to attend them for the purpose ofttel cue it ion9act, with returns and answers to the said three first qudfaa 0^1

sch^duitR1 andn to act annexed, and cause notice,

cause notice thereof'to be given to such overseers and householden respect \ p!JCl thereof to be tively, according to the form in the schedule to this act, sod, dn given to them also to the high con (tables, or where there arc no high conb-i con.uhlcs^bks, t<3 ot^er Pr0Per officers as aforesaid; and thereupon^ ii.^ and the^ov-r-the said overseers or substantial householders as aforesaid, or seers, Sec, some one of them, in and for every such parish, township, tr

fti;: )! then place, shall and they are hereby required to attend thejuifa

dehverreturns cf t^e peace at such meeting or meetings respectively, and tho

upon oath.

and there deliver to the said justices, in writing signed by them-

Justices shall receive the answers and

01

to K,

selyes, a just and true answer and return to the said questions, upon oath, (or being of the people called on affirma-

tion), as herein after directed, and the said high conltafea other proper officers, so described as aforesaid, shall, and ther are hereby required to attend the said respective meetings for C4 purposes herein after directed.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said justices ot b peace shall and ihey are hereby required to receive and nc, return" and al meetings so to be appointed by them as aforesaid, adminilkr the answers and returns to be made pursuant to the direcions oath in the aforesaid, and then and there to admir.ifter to the said om-, schedule, with fcers or substantial householders respectively, the oath or alnu*i eximin^the t*011 contained in the said schedule; and (if they fee cause} ^7 examine such overseers and householders upon oath or aflb> tion, touching any of the matters contained in such qaeiiixj and answers, and, if necessary, to adjourn the said meeting3 any time or times, not later than the said thirtieth day x Jpril, and to any place or places, in order that the fa-dr» not later'than may be rendered more complete or satisfactory; and April30, 1801, deliver such answers and returns to the respective high cm-deliver't^e ^ab, es5 or other proper officers as aforesaid. who (halite1 answers and upon indorse on each of such returns the name of the couatv, returns to the and also of the riding, division, rape, wapenuke, lathe, preri, high contta- folce, franchise, liberty, city, borough, town, or county wt-indoi^Uic U Wherein the parifo, township, or place therein m

htti;

fuin

the

overseers and house-holdei s upon oath, and adjourn their meetings,

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. r£. 965

rrrrsioned is situate, and shall deliver or transmir such returns, returns, and together with a true and perfect lift of the names of the over- t^th^cV^s*1, x eers of every parish, township, and place, and of the householders of the peace '-iforesaid, to whom such schedule shall have been delivered as and town

ciforesaid, to the several clerks of the peace and town clerks clerks by ,; r: or the jurisdiction in which the said justices are authorised to 1*or*'

>cl, at their respective offices, on or before the eighth day of Ministersin ^SJiday one thousand eight hundred and one. transit an

[Ministers in England shall transmit an Answer to 4th and 5th Questions in the Schedule before the 30th April 1801, to the Bishop of the Diocese, who shall transmit the same, before 8th May 1801, to his Archbishop to be laid before the Privy Council before the 15th May, who shall cause an Abstract to be laid before Parliament, within Six Weeks.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Rector, Vicar, Curate, or other Officiating Minister of every Parish, Township, or Place, (Extra-parochial or otherwise), in England, including Free Chapels, Donatives and Peculiars, to whom such Schedule shall have been delivered as aforesaid, shall forthwith prepare an Answer or Return to the Fourth and Fifth Questions in the said Schedule set forth, and shall, on or before the Thirtieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and one, duly transmit to the Bishop, within the Limits of whose Diocese the said Township, Parish, or Place, is situate, which said Bishop shall, on or before the Eighth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and one, transmit the same to the Archbishops of their respective Provinces, and thereupon the said Archbishops shall, on or before the Fifteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and one, cause the same to be laid before His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, who shall cause an Abstract thereof to be prepared and laid before both Houses of Parliament, within Six Weeks after the said Fifteenth Day of May, or if Parliament shall not then be sitting, within the First Fourteen days of the Session next ensuing.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, within that part of The'sheriff Great Britain called Scotland the sheriff deputes and stewart deputes and ^deputes in their respective counties and stewartries, shall appoint stewart; a time and place, or times and places, (which shall be on or deputes in before the tenth day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, if circumstances will permit, and not later than the thir-; n^, Gf the tieth day of rfpril one thousand eight hundred ai^d one), fur iulUces, on or the justices of the peace within their respective counties or before March, stewartries to hold a meeting or meetings wit.iin their ordinary Jot laterVhan -limits and jurisdictions; and that the said (heulf deputes and April 30, "and stewart deputes, along with the justices, any t*vo or more being the y together a quorum, shall nominate and appoint the schoolmaster, or shall appoint o: her fit person or persons in each parish, to take account ^s°q^ the several matters required by this act; and the clerks of the ot|ierfit peace are required to deliver the said schedule to the school- persons to mailer, person or persons so appointed, and on the said tenth day take account of March one thousand eight hundred and one, or so soon there- ^Irefthy after as they conveniently can, the schooim after, person or this act, and persons so appointed, shall proceed to take account of the number the clerks of of persons at that time within the limits of their respective the peacelhall paristies, and inform themselves of the several particulars relating to all the matters /pecified in- the, said schedule, persons To

proceeding from house to house, or otherwise, as they shall judge appointed,

expo who shall take

966 Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 15.

[18: 1

an account of expedient, for the better execution of this act, and from fc-

IS

ti*e number of information as aforesaid shall prepare an answer or rttnra a

persons, and _ inform them.selves of certain particulars, and prepare answers to que(lions according to the form in the Schedule.

Penalty for refuting to

The iherlff deputes or stewart deputes shall

all the said questions according to the form prescribediott said schedule, and shall sign the same with their names !: ordinary designations; and the better to enable them to du: such answers or returns as aforesaid, they are hereby author^ and empowered to ask all such questions of the persons wfe their respective pariflbes, respecting themselves and the nauV; and quality of the persons constituting their respective familits as shall be necessary for dating the particulars required to jt stated concerning them in the said answers and returns; and err such person refuting to answer, or wilfully giving a false answern w^ifuUy riving flucfti°ns5 or any of them, shall, for every such refusal or fiii false answersf answer, forfeit a sum not exceeding five pounds, nor Id's dun far? _ shillings, at the discretion of the justice or justices before whwi the complaint thereof shall be made.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the sheriff deputes or stewart deputes for Scotland, within their respective juris-

j aaj dictions, shall appoint a time and place, or times and place, appoint a time which shall not be sooner than the first day of Jmy nor liter and place (not than the ordinary Michaelmas meeting of the county in the p sooner than one thousand eight hundred and one, for the justices of tie nor laVer than Peace to meet> and the schoolmaster, personor persons appointed Michaelmas) by them as aforesaid, to attend at such meetings with the reruns for the justices and answers to all the questions stated in the schedule tom to meet, and act an(j the said sheriff deputes and stewart deputes fb!l cause notice to be given to them respectively, for that purpei accordingly, and the justices of the peace shall at such nwH' or meetings receive the answers and returns to be made as» said, and administer the oath contained in the said [choke; j the schoolmaster, person or persons appointed to make hi returns as aforesaid; and such justices, if they fee cause, msv examine, the said schoolmaster, person or persons, upon oltf, touching any of the matters contained in such quetfa aa answers, and shall indorse the same, with the name of it county or stewartry, or distrivft thereof, wherein the jnrilii therein mentioned is situated, and shall transmit such rtwras to the several clerks of the peace or town clerks, for & _ jurisdkftion in which the said justices are authorised toa: l»oa j or before the twenty-fourth day of OSlobsr one thousand c£: { hundred and one. 1

the clerks of the peace or town clerks, by 0&.4» iSoj.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several acccuatsi, taken in writing by the overseers and schoolmasters, orotbe persons so appointed as aforesaid, in every parish, town:, .;, or place within Great Britain, for the purpose of preparing the aforesaid answers and returns, shall be frfciy kept and pr«.^ by the churchwardens or chapel wardens, in fsj.W, and by the schoolmaster* or other persons appointed as aforesaid, in in.-k for the time being, of the several parishes, townftups, or }vx

the persons so appointed as aforesaid shall attend with returns and answers to the questions, See. which the justices shall receive upoa oath, with power to examine the persons upon oath, and shall indo* fe the returns, and transmit tlieip to The accounts taken throughout Great Britain for preparing the answers and returns shall be preserved by the churchwardens, See,

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 15. 967

to which the same relate, and shall be delivered over by them in England, to their, successors in office respectively and, that said clerks of ^, 3 the peace-and town clerks throughout that part of Great Britain Scotland, and called England\ shall, on or before the fifteenth day of May one delivered over thousand eight hundred and one, and the said justices of the to their fuc-peace in Scotland shall, on or before the tenth day of November^derkTof one thousand eight hundred and one, transmit, with all con- the peace, venient speed, such answers and returns as they shall have shall transmit received in manner aforesaid (together with a list of the parishes, the answers, townships, and places within their respective counties, stewar- ^retarvof tries, ridings, or divisions, from whence no returns have been itatebyM*y made to them) to the office of his Majesty's principal secretary 15, igoi, in of state for the home department; and that the same shall be England, and digested and reduced into order by such officer as such secretary ^sc^land of state shall appoint for the purpose; and that an abstract an abstract9 thereof shall he laid before both houses of parliament, within of which shall six weeks after the said fifteenth day of May and tenth day of he laid before November respectively, or if parliament shall not be then fitting, within the first fourteen days of the section next ensuing such days weeks % respectively.

X. And be it further enacted, That there shall he paid and Persons allowed for the trouble and expences of the several persons etn- allow-

ployed in the transavftions aforesaid, for every return which shall ane<? for their be so made and transmitted to the clerks of the peace and town trouble and clerks respectively, pursuant to the directions aforesaid, the expences* films following; videlicet, To the clerk of the peace or town clerk, for the return which shall be made from every such parish, town ship, or place in Great Britain, the sum of one shilling; to the high constable or other proper officer in England, for the like, the sum of one shilling and sixpence; to the clerks of the justices of the peace throughout Great Britain, for the like, the sum of one shilling: and that the justices of the peace in England, at their respective Miisummer quarter sessions, in the - year one thousand eight hundred and one, shall, and are hereby required to make an order upon their respective treasurers, to pay the same out of the rates to be made and collected for the respective counties, ridings, divisions, precincts, fokes, franchises, liberties, cities, and counties corporate, or shall cause the same to be paid out of the poor rates of and for such counties corporate, or places as have no county rates; and that the justices of the peace in Scotland may, in like manner order the sheriff or stewart of each county and stewartry, to pay the (ike fees to the persons severally entitled to them in Scotland, which payments they are hereby authorised to charge in their respective accounts: and also, that the said justices in England, at their said Midsummer quarter sessions, or at the Michaelmas quarter; sessions following, and the said justices in Scotland, at their ordinary Michaelmas meetings for each county or stewartry, tnay and they are hereby required to allow, the amount of any reasonable compenfadon for trouble and expences which they shall be satisfied have been bond side and necessarily incurred in

Georgii III.

the execution of this act, by such overseers householders, priSi*clerk, or vestry clerk in England, and by such schoolmaster, or other person so appointed as aforesaid, in Scotland; and m order payment thereof to be made by the receiver general of the land tax of and for the county, riding, or other place in or receiver general' of Scotland, (as the calc shall require), oc: of any money in his hands, and such receiver general dull pi) the same accordingly.

[Penalty on Clerks of the Peace, Constables, Churchwardens, Overseers, School masters, &c. for wilful default.]

XI. And be it further enacted, That every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, High Constable, Constable, Tithingman, Headborough, or other such Officer as aforesaid, and also every such Churchwarden, Chapelwarden, Sidesman, Parish Clerk, Vestry Clerk, Overseer of the Poor, Householder, Schoolmaster, or other Person so appointed as aforesaid, making wilful Default in any of the Matters required of them respectively by this Act, shall, for every such wilful Default, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom Complaint thereof shall be made.

[Recovery and Application of Penalties.]

XII. And be it further enacted, That the several Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted by this Act shall, if not immediately paid, be levied by Distress and Sales of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace having Jurisdiction where such Offender shall dwell, rendering to the said Offender the Overplus, if any, after the Charge of such Distress and Sale shall be deducted; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, then it shall be lawful for such Justice to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for a Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless the said Forfeiture and Charges shall be sooner paid; and the said Forfeitures, when recovered in England, shall be paid, One Half to the Informer, and the other Half to the said respective Treasurers, to be applied in Aid of the Rates aforesaid; and any Person shall be deemed a competent Witness for the Execution of any of the Purposes of this Act, notwithstanding his paying or being liable to pay towards such Poor Rates or County Rates; and in case the said Forfeitures shall be recovered in Scotland, they shall be paid, One Half to the Informer, and the other Half to the Sheriff or Stewart of such County or Stewartry, wherein the said Default shall be committed.

SCHEDULE

SCHEDULE.

I.

QUESTIONS to which, by Directions of an Act passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Decrease thereof, written Answers are to be returned by the Rector, Vicar, Curate, or Officiating Minister, and Overseers of the Poor, or (in Default thereof) by some substantial Householder, of every Parish, Township, and Place (including those Places also which are Extra-parochial) in England; and by the Schoolmasters or other Persons to be appointed under the said Act for every Parish in Scotland; signed by them respectively, and attested upon Oath or Affirmation by the said Overseers, or (in Default thereof) by such other substantial Householders as aforesaid, in England, and by the Schoolmasters or other such Persons as aforesaid in Scotland; for which Purpose they are to attend the Justices of the Peace, within their respective Jurisdictions, at such Times and Places as the said Justices of the Peace shall appoint, on Pain of incurring the Penalties imposed by the said Act for every wilful Default or Neglect.

ift. How many inhabited houses are there in your parish, township, or place; by how many families are they occupied; and how many houses therein are uninhabited?

2d. How many persons (including children of whatever age) are there actually found within the limits of your parish, township, or place, at the time of taking this account, distinguishing males and females, and exclusive of men actually serving in his Majesty's regular forces or militia, and exclusive of seamen either in his Majesty's service, or belonging to registered vessels

3d. What number of persons, in your parish, township, or place, are chiefly employed in-agriculture how many in trade, manufactures, or handicraft; and, bow many are not comprized in any of the preceding classes

4th. What was the number of baptisms and burials in your parish, township, or place, in the several years 1700,

1710, 1720, 1730, 1740, 1750, 1760, 1770, 1780, and each subsequent year to the 31st day of December 1800, distinguishing males from females

5th. What has been the number of marriages in your parish, township, or place, in each year, from the year 1754 inclusive to the end of the year 1800?

6th. Are there any matters which you think it necessary to remark in explanation of your answers to any of the preceding questions

RRR2 FORM

O

o

eg

FT

FORM of ANSWERS by the OVERSEERS, See. in ENGLAND,

0

To the QUESTIONS contained in the SCHEDULE to an act, intituled An act for taking an account of the popu'athn of Great Britain,

and of the increase or diminution thereof.

r c c o- c t- ar: bTfOV IiL QUESTIONS 2d.

p V? a a. ti I HOUSES. PtRSONS, including children ot wlwcever age. Total of PERSONS

a? p ? n in answer

to ques-

o Inhabited. By hcwm.in; families oc- Uninhabited. Males. Females. tion 2d.

cupied.

QUESTION 3d. OCCUPATIONS.

TOTAL

of

PERSONS.

Peri'otu chief]f employed in agriculture.

Persons diicAf employed in trade, minufac tores, or handicraft.

All other persons not comprised in the two preceding cliffcs.

tl7u. rfiis column mud correspond with the total of persons in iD-fwer to queflioo 90.

<V. If any family occupies two

_____x _____ _ vo or more houses in different parishes, townships, or places, the individuals belonging to such family an to be >xt

numbered only in tho/e panfhes, t&ounfhipj, or places nvhere they severally happen to be at the time of taking the account

REMARKS, in explanation of the matters Rated in answer to the preceding questions.

3

o

ill Quest'on. ad Question. 3<1 Question.

o

o

ur

Cl

ATTESTATION on oath (cr affirmation) by the OVERSEERS or substantial househokJers in ENGLANXX tZj

[ A.B. one of the ovrrfter* for a fnbffaruia! householder) of the parish, township, of in the county of

do 1'wmi- for affirm)* That the above return contains, to the bell of my knowledge and belief, a full and true anfircr to the M

uetr»ons contained in the schedule to an act, intituled, in att for imking an account of the population of Great Britain, anA of /Ac mcrcafc

r (St/rtirnttcn thereof. m

O

The alo'-c-mei»tiont: «l A. R. sworn (or affirnicd) befor* u» the juiUcel of the peace In and for the

this day of

CD. and M£. F.

-, n

rORAf of /IPJSlVjrRS by the CLKRC7YMET* in ENC2LANF>, -

FORM of ANSWERS by the CLERGYMEN in ENGLAND,

To the QUESTIONS contained in the SCHEDULE to an act, intituled An act for taking an account of the population of Great Britain,

and of the increase or diminution thereqf.

I 1 County, Stc. Hundred, he. City, town, Ire. farish, he.

I

P

P

QUESTION 4th.

Vctry

1700 1710

im 1730 1740 1750 1760 1770

1780

1781 l 1582

1783 178*

1785

1786

BABYISMS.

Male*. Females.

BURIALS.

Males. Females

Vears.

1787

1788

1789

1790

1791

1792 179J

1794

1795

1796

1797

1798

1799

1800

BAPTISMS.

Males. Females.

BURIALS.

Males. Females.

QUESTION Sth.

MARRIAGES.

Yean. Number of Marriages. Yean. Numbers Marriages. Yean. Number of Manages.

1754 1770 1786

1755 1771 1787

1756 177*2 1788

1757 1773 1789

1758 1774 1790

1759 1775 1791

1760 1776 1792

1761 1777 1793

1762 1779 1794

1763 1779 1795

J7S4 17H0 1796

1765 1781 1797

1766 1782 1798

1767 1783 1799

1768 1784 1800

1769 1765

CO

FT

4th Questfon. $th Quelliun.

REMARKS, in explanation of the matters Rated in answer to the 4th and 5th questiona.

CERTIFICATE or the CLERGYMEN.

IA.B. £rcdor, vicar, curate, or officiating minister], of the p«rish, township, of in the county of do certify,

y That the above return contains, to the best of my knowledge and belief, a full and true answer to the 4th and 5th questiona 2 contained in the schedule to an act, intituled An act for taking an account of the population (/Great Britain, and of the increase or diminution Lthcreof. — A.

g* Witness d D. one of the overseers [or substantial h oufe holder J of the parish of this day of

FORM of ANSWERS by the SCHOOLMASTERS, &c. in SCOTLAND*

To the QUESTIONS contained in the SCHEDULE to ati act, intituled An act for taking an account of thepopu'ation of Great Britain,

and of the increase or diminution thereof

c LUESTfOX III. HOUSES. QUESTION 2d. PERSONS, including children of whatever a^c.

Inhabited. By h.nr njmj families occupied. Uninhabited. Male*. Females.

Total of PERSONS hi answer to question 2d.

1 - QUESTION 3d. OCCUPATIONS.

Person* chiefly employed-in agriculture. Pertoiis chiefly employed in trade, manufacture*, or handicraft. All other persons not cumpriled in tire tw > preceding claiToi.

' TOTAL of

PERSONS.

N.B. Thi» column uwfl cr>rrcspond witl\ the total of persons in answer to question 2d.

to such family are to be numbered only in

yfm B> any family occup. et i ms) or mar* hon/es indifferent [>ar Jhe*9 the individuals belonging to fut

t/vje fanjkcjy (S'c. <wher^ they severally happen to be at the time oj taking the account.

remarks, in explanation of the matters ft a ted in answer to the preceding question*.

Q!i' n on-

a

Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 15. [iS:

5*

ANSWERS to the Fourth and Fifth QUESTIONS.

Yean.

1700 1710 17# 1730 1740 1730 1760 1770 1780 17SI 1782 17RJ 17*-

1785

1786

BAPTISMS.

Males. Females.

BURIALS.

Males. Females

Years.

17fi7

17sS

ITr/.l

1790

1791 17'^J

i: k;

I7y>*

1797 1796 17*77

1798

1799

1800

BA PTIS MS.

Males. [Female!

BURIALS.

Males.] Females.

MARRIAGES.

Years. Number of j Mjrriages. Years. Number of Marriages. Years. j Number of Man (ages.

17 H 1770 1786

I7>3 1771 1787

1776 1772 1788

17'>7 1773 1789

17'.H 1774 1790

1739 1791

176 1776 1797!

1701 1777 1793

17<i> 1778 171*

176) 1779 1793

17 il 17S0 179(7

1763 17K1 1797

1736 1782 1798

1767 1783 I79y

1768 17-9 - 17 H4 1783, 1600

4th Question.

REMARKS, in explanation of the matters stated in answer to the 4th and 5th questions.

5th Question.

Certificate of the Clergymen.

JA.B. minister of thegofpd of the pirish, fife, of in the > county of do c rrify, That the above return contains, to the best of my knowledge and belief, a full and true answer to the 4th and 5th questions contained in the schedule to an act, intituled An act for taking an account of the population of Great Britain, and of the increase or diminution thereof. — A.B.

Witness C.D. ^Schoolmaster, ifc.'] of the said parish, &c. of tins day of

O

TO,

Ail ef at ion on Oath by the Schoolmaser, &c, in Scotland.

I A. B [SchouJmaster, fefr.] of the parish, &c. of in the county of do swear. That the above return contains, to the best of my knowledge and belief, a full and true answer to the questions contained in the schedule to an act, intituled An act for taking an account of the population of Great Britain, and of the mertafe or diminution thereof.

The above-mentioned was sworn before us, the justices of the peace in and for the of this day of

C.D. and £. F.

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 15. 973

974 Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 15. [1800.

II.

FORM of the PRECEPT for giving notice to high constables, overseers, and householders, in England, of the time and place appointed by justices of the peace for talcing the answers and returns under this'alt.

The county, f To the constable, [tythingman, or htadbmu$\ if

to wit. > in the/aid count}.

YOU are hereby required, with all convenient speed, to give or cause to be given notice to the high constable of the hundred of and to the overseers of the poor oferery

parish, township, or place, within the said hundred; and i there is no overseer therein, then to some substantial house. holder therein; that they are severally required to appear at on the day of next at the hoar of

in the forenoon, before such of his Majesty's justices of the peace as shall be then and there assembled, and that the said overseers or householders as aforesaid, or some one of them, for every such parish, township, or place, arc tb and there to deliver upon oath or affirmation, a just and true account, in writing, signed by themCives, containing aQ aa* fwer to the several questions propounded in the schedule ton 3<S, intituled An act for taking an account of tkt ptyuldt'm tf Great Britain, and of the increase or diminution thereof. Givw under my hand [or our hands] this day of

in the year one thousand eight hundred and one.

III.

FORM of the OATH or AFFIRMATION to therctum.

YOU shall swear (or affirm) that the answers and return now made by '; ou to the several questions contained in the schedule annexed to an act, intituled An act for taking on ecmt of the population of Great Britain, and of the increase or dimm thereof is a full and true answer to the said questions, to the best of your knowledge and belief.

IV.

FORM of INDORSEMENT by the high constables in England, and by the justices of the peace in Scotland.

County [or stewartry] of

Riding, division, or district thereof (if any)

Hundred, rape, wapentake, lathe, precintf, soke, franchise, et liberty, of

pity, borough, town, or county corporate, of JParish, township, &c. of

CAP. XVI.

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 16. 975

An act to prevent, until the sixth day of November one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the end of six weeks from the commencement of the then next session of parliament, the manufacturing of any fine flour from wheat, or other grain, and the making of any bread solely from the fine flour of wheat; and to repeal an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for permitting bakers to make and sell certain sorts of bread, and to make more effectual provision for the same.

[Dec. 31, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS there is just ground to expect that the supply good and wbchfome bread will be materially argmented, and the price thereof reduced, by preventing the cotfumption of bread made from fine flour: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the seventeenth day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, in the city of London, or London/or within forty miles thereof, and from and a; ter the twenty- within forty fourth day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, thereof, in every other part of Great Britain, no meal, the produce of januaryi4 wheat or any other grain, shall be dreffect, bolted, or manu* in every other factured into any finer description of meal or flour than such part of Great as shall be the produce of such wheat or grain, dressed, bolted, nc>

or manufactured by or through wire machines, constructed with not more than thirteen wires, of the usual ar^I known size, than through weight, and thickncFs, on each side of a square inch, or cloths certain wire corresponding to such wire machines, and now usually called machines or and known as Bight Shillings and Sixpence Seamed Cloths, or p^lty° from patent cloths denominated Number Two> or by whatever other to \0St per denomination, either as to number or price, any cloths cor- bushel. responding. to such wire machines, in regard to flour to be dressed thereby, may be hereafter known; and if any miller or other person shall, within the time herein limited, dress, bolt, or manufacture any meal from wheat or other grain, into any finer description of meal or flour than such as is herein-before described, otherwise than through such wires or cloths as, aforesaid, every such miller or other person shall forfeit, for every bushel of meal or flour dressed, bolted, or manufactured, contrary to this atf, a sum not exceeding five pounds nor less than ten shillings for every such bushel, and so in proportion for every smaller quantity.

II. And be it further enacted, That ho miller or other persons Nor shall any shall, from and after the said seventeenth day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, in the said city of London, or drc/ring within forty miles thereof, or from and after the said twenty- mcai of any. fourth day of January one thousand eight hundred and one in finer comtruc-

976 Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 16. [1800.

herein men- any other part of Great Britain, use, for the purpose of dressing

pen iky of any mca* !^c Proc^UCc ground wheat or grain into any kind

1100l.*of flour, any wire or 01 her machine or cloth of any finer cod*

*tiruclion or description than herein after mentioned, (that is to say), Than wire machines constructed with not more than thirteen wires, of the usual known size and thickness, on each side of a square inch, and so after that rate for any number of inches of which such machines shall be constructed, and cloths corresponding to such last mentioned wire machines, and now, uftially called or known as Eight Shillings and Sixpmt Sami Cloths or patent cloths denominated Number Twoy or by what* ever denomination or description, either as to number or price, any cloths'coresponding to such Last-mentioned wire machines, in regard to flour to be dressed thereby, may be hereafter known; and if any miller or other person shall use or cause to be tiled, or knowingly permit or suffer to be used, any machine or cloth of any finer description or construction than such as are herein-before described, for ihed reding, bolting or manufacturing any mepl or flour produced from wheat, every such miller or other person so using such machine or cloth, shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of one hundred pounds. From January

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the 1801, in twenty-fourth day of January one thousand eight hundred and within forty onc> m c, ly London^ or within forty miles thereof, and miles thereof, from and after the thirty-first day of January one thousand and from eight hundred and one in any other part of Great Britai^na

January 31, rneal or flour Of auy finer fort or description than the meal or

parTof^Gveat ^our allowed to be d relied and manufactured under this act, Britain, no shall be sold or exposed to falc by any person whatever (other finer meal or than and except flour that shall have been <3r shall be imported

flour than into this country, and which shall be fold-in the barrels in which

ihafl be foldCd ^ame be imported); and if 2ny person or personslU (except flour offend herein, he, she, or they shall forfeit, ter every buihcl of imported and meal or flour so fold contrary to this act, a sum not exceeding.fold in bar- five pounds nor Ids than ten shillings for every such buihcl, ani naltyVromfl. Prc^P0I*l*n for every smaller quamity. to jos. p«.r

IV. And be it further enacted, I hat, from and after the buflid. thirty-full day of January one thousand eight hundred and on:

in the city of London^ or within forty miles thereof, and from From January and afier the seventh day of February one thousand eight hua-31, 1801, in died and one in any other part of Great Britain^ no person or persons shall bake, or make for private use or for file, or (bill fell or expoie to sale, any bread made from any wheaten meal or flour unmixed, of any finer fort or description than the flour allowed to be d 1 tiled and manufactured under this acte and if any person or persons shall offend herein, he, she, or they shall ferfe-t for every peek loaf of bread so baked, made, or fold, or txpc.tJ to falc contrary 10 the provisions herein contained, a sum wt exceeding five pounds nor less than ten shillings, and so in proportion for every smaller quantity.

London, or within forty miles thereof, and lrom Feb. 7. in any oth^r part of Great Britain, no prrlbn shall oake ior pri vate use, or for sale, or

fell any bread made of finer fkur than hereby allowed, on penalty from jltott*

p.ck loaf.

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 16. 977

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said From January twenty-fourth day of January one thousand eight hundred and e

one, it shall be lawful for the court of lord mayor and alder- andaidermea, men of the city of London, or for the lord mayor for the time and from that being, and they are hereby required, and from and after the fai(i oate within twenty-fourth day of one thousand eight hundred and one, London and

within forty miles of the city of London, and from and after the from jaiunry thicty-first day of "January one thousand eight hundred and one, 31, in tvery in every other part of Great Britain, it shall be lawful for any other place, court, or person or persons authofiled to fee any assize or price of wheaten bread, to set, ascertain, and appoint, when and so often pe, son> may as they shall from time to time think proper, the price of all the ut the price wheaten bread made of the fined: fort or description of wheaten upon the hnest flour, allowed by this act to be drelled and manufactured, and totwf

upon no other fort or description of bread, whether wheaten or^on made from other grain mixed or unmixed, which shall be made fu> other, ac-ibr falc, or ex poled to sale in any place or places or district within cording to the their jurisdiction; and that every such price shall be calculated and set from the tables in the scheduh', according to the rules" L and directions 10 those tables annexed, from the average price of the fined fort or description of wheaten flour allowed by this 2& to be manufactured.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said When the twenty-fourth and thirty-firit days of January respectively, when Pr, Cc* ls

n'HO per OlHh.lll

any price of wheaten bread of the nnest iort or description 01 flour p.p; ]nv, oiead allowed to be dressed and manufactured pursuant to this act, at a h/.rher shall be ascertained and let in any city, borough, town, place, or price, on pc-district of any county, riding, fibre, or itewarcry, puriuani to nAllV from the provisions of this act, no person or persons shall there, make P"r

for sale, or sell or expose to sale, any other fort or description of bread, whether wheaten bread, or bread made of the produce of wheat mixed with the meal or flour of any other corn, grain, or pulse, at a higher rate for any peck, half peck, quartern or half quartern loaf of any such other bread, than shall be set as the price of the wheaten bread of such finest fort and description as aforesaid$ and if any person or persons shall offend heiein, he,

(he, or they shall forfeit for every loaf fold contrary to the provisions herein-before contained, a funi not exceeding five pounds nor less than ten shillings, and so in proportion ror any (mailer quantity.

VII. And be it further enacted, That after the twenty-fourth And where and thirty-nrft days of January respectively, although no aiiize

or price of wheaten bread or the fined, fort or description of^ rn^UdUny* flour allowed by this act to be drelTed or manufactured, shall be other ibrtof ascertained or set in any city, borough, town, or place, or district, breid at any of any county, riding, shire, or stewartry, no person shall make ^anThe0* for sale, or sell or expose to sale, any other fort or description of ^h^tenof bread, whether wheaten or mixed, at any higher price, or at the linest fort any higher rate per pound, or for any other quantity, than allowed shall the wheaten bread, of the (inert fort or description aforesaid je^ for> n'shall at the lame time fell for in the same place, in which (r very peck

978 Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 16. [1800.

where no such bread shall be sold in the same place, then in the nearest adjoining place to the place in which) any kind of bread of such other quality shall be made for Tale, or fold, or exposed to sale; and if any person or persons shall offend therein, he, she, or they shall forfeit, for every peck loaf fold contrary to the provisions herein-befor^ contained, a sum not exceeding five pounds nor less than ten shillings, and so in proportion for every smaller quantity.

After patting

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the ! ^erfo^may Pa&ng of this act, it shall be lawful for any person or make and sell persons whatever, in any place whatever, and whether any 1 j loaves made assize or price of bread shall be frt in such place or not, to

oFthe whole make, bake, sell, and expose to sale, peck loaves, half peck loaves, 1

wheaTo^1116 ^uartern l°aves, and half quartern loaves, made of wheaten mixed with meal or A°ur of the whole produce of the wheat, or with the }

barley, &c.bran only, or the bran and pollards, or any proportion of the

provided the bran and pollards, or any ocher part of the produce of such exceed'tlLt^f w^eat», a^n therefrom, or made of any sort of wheaten ! the wheaten mea^ or flour mixed with the meal or flour of barley, rye, oats, bread upon buck wheat, Indian corn, pease, beans, rice, or any other which a price corn, grain, or pulse whatever, or with potatoes, in suchpropor-lUali be set. tions as he, she, or they shall deem proper, and at any price at'which any person may be willing to purchase the same j provided 5 that such price shall not in any case exceed the price of the wheaten bread upon which an assize or price shall be let m I pursuance of any act or acts of parliament, or this act, in the place where such other wheaten or mixed bread shall be made or fold, pr exposed to sale, under this act as aforesaid j any id or acts, or law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. ^wheaten IX. ^n^ be* ^uf^er enacted, That every person who bread of an flull make or bake any such wheaten bread made of any meal or inferior qua- flour of an inferior quality to the fined fort or description of Jity, or mixed, flour allowed by this act to be manufactured, or mixed bread, thefomc^ shall imprint and distinctly mark upon every loaf of such last mentioned wheaten bread, a large Roman H. and upon every loaf of such mixed bread a large Roman M.

Penalty for X. And be it further enacted, That if any person orperfoos as? omit to imprint or distinctly mark any such wheaten or \ ornot well mixed bread pursuant to the directions of this act, or shall not'making or well make any such wheaten or mixed bread, or any bread 1

adulterating made in pursuance of this act, or shall adulterate the firne with any mixture or ingredient not allowed to be used in the making deficient in of bread, or shall make or bake for sale, or sell or expose to

weight. sale any such peck loaves, half peck loaves, quartern loam,

or half quartern loaves, or any other loaves, deficient in weight, according to the a(Ezc of loaves of such denominations, respectively contained in any act or acts in force relating to the ado* and price of hread, or according to any assize that shall be fct in pursuance of any such act or acts; all and every person and persons offending therein, shall be liable to the same or the like paios, penalties* forfeitures* $nd pupifl^ipent, as any bake* -

979

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 16.

comakers of bread for fate are liable to for any the like or similar misdemeanors, offences, or neglects, in making) felling, or exposing to or for sale any bread.

XI. And be further enacted, That all and every the powers, Powers of acts authorities, provisions, regulations, clauses, matters, and things \n force re, at" pains penalties, and forfeitures in any act or acts now in

force contained, relating to the making any returns of meal and meal, setting flour, and to setting and ascertaining any assize or price of anafiize, bread, and also, to the weighing any bread made for sale or weighing exposed to sale, or searching for any ingredient wherewith an7 r for

meal, flour, or bread may be adulterated, that are not altered adulterating of repealed by or contrary to the provisions of this act, shall be, ingredients, to and are hereby extended and made applicable to, and shall be ^end to applied in the enforcing of the provisions of this act, in astbisa* full and ample a manner as if the lame had been severally and separately ve-ena<ftedrin this act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That an act made in the 36 Geo. thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An c,a'rcPca c

to permit bakers to make and sell certain forts of breads shall be, jand the same is hereby repealed.

XIII. And, for the better and more easy recovery of the several penalties and forfeitures to be incurred by disobedience to this nftt and the powers herein contained, and disposing of the money which shall be forfeited by breach or non-observanct of any part of this act; be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe law-The lord ful to and for the lord mayor of the city of London for the mayor, any time being, or any aldermen of the said city, within the said th^city^nd xity or liberties thereof, and to and for any other of his Ma- anyinitice" jesty's justices of the peace or magistrates, or anyone of them, within their within their respe^Uvc counties, ridings, divisions, cities, towns respective ebrporate, boroughs, liberties, or jurisdictions, to hear and m^ydetennhie determine, in a summary way, all offences committed against in a summary the true intent and meaning of this act, and for that purpose to way, offences Tummon before them, or any of them, within their respective jurisiliclions, any party or parties accused of being an offender*'JJieg^ or offenders against the true intent and meaning of this act, nGt paid, may and in case the party accused shall not appear on such summons, grant warrants or offer some reafoi: able excuse for his default, then, upon oath tj* laying by any credible witness of any offence committed contrary to distreIsland the true intent and meaning of this act, any such magistrate or for want magistrates, justice or justices, shall issue his or their warrant thereof may or warrants for apprehending the offender or offenders within c£n, yt the jurisdiction of any such magistrate or magistrates, justice or ° eD erg-justices; and upon the appearance of the party or parties accused, or in case he, she, or they shall not appear, on notice being given to or left for him, her, or them at his, her, or their usual place of abode, or if he, she, or they cannot be apprehended on a warrant granted against him, her, or them as herem-oefore is directed, then and in any such case, any such magistrate Or magistrates, justice or justices, is and are hereby authorised and required to proceed to make enquiry, touching the matters

980 Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. t6. [1800.

complained of, and to examine any witness or witnesse, who shall be offered on either side, on oath as aforesaid, and which every such magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, is and are hereby authorised, empowered, and required to administer;

and after hearing of the parties who shall appear, and the j

witnesses who shall be offered on either side, such magistrate I or magistrates, justice or justices, shall convict or acquit the party or parties accused; and if the penalty or money forfeited on any such conviction shall not be paid within the space of \ twenty-four hours after any such conviction, every such tna- L.gistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, shall thereuponifluea'warrant 01* warrants under his hand and seal, or their hands.and seals, respectively, dire^ed to any peace officer or officer* within their respective jurisdictions, empowering him or them to make distress. of the goods and chattels of the offender or offenders; and if any offender shall convey away his goods oat

of the jurisdiction of any such magistrate or magistrates, justice, or justices, before whom he was convicted, or so much thereof that the penalty cannot be levied, then some magistrate or justice within whose jurisdiction the offender shall have removed his goods, shall back the warrant granted by any such ma-, gistrate or justice, magistrates or justices, and thereupon the .! penalty forfeited shall be levied on the offender's goods and J chattels, by distress and sale thereof; and if within five days from the distress being taken the money forfeited shall not be fjaid, the goods seized shall be appraited and fold, rendering the overplus (if any) after deducing the penalty or forfeiture, 1 and tho colts and charges of the prosecution, distress and sale,

to the owner; which charges shall be ascertained by the 1:

magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices before whom my i! such offender or offenders shall have been so convicted, or by the magistrate or justice who backed the warrant, if either of i them shall continue alive, and if not, by some other ma- \\ gistrate or justice of the county, riding, division, city or place, in which the offender shall have been convicted; and for want of such distress, then every such magistrate or justice, within whole respective jurisdiction any such offender or offenders shall relide or be, shall, on the application of any prosecutor or prosecutors, and proof made of the conviction and non-payment of the penalty and charges by warrant under his hand andfcsl, commit cvr ry such offender or offenders to the common goal of house of co* rection of the city or county, riding, division, or place, where such offender or offenders shall be found, thereto remain for the space of one calendar month from the time of such, commitment, unless, after* such commitment, payment shall be

Itiade of the said penalty or forfeiture, cods and charges, before Penalties to the expiration of the said one calendar month; and all such hepiid to the penaMes and forfeitures, wh-ro recovered, shall be paid to the informer. informer.

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 16. 981

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if it shall fck made out Witnesses not by the oath of any credible person or persons, to the satisfaction

of any magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, that any 'mm* may be one within the jurisJi&ion of any such magistrate or magistrates, brought by justice or justices, is likely to give or offer material evidence on warrant of behalf of the prosecutor of any offender or offenders against the true intent and meaning of this act, or on behalf of the person refusing to or persons accused, and will not voluntarily appear before such be examined magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, to be examined, tfpono*th and give his, her, or their evidence concerning the premises, every such magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, is and are hereby authorised and required to issue his or their summons to convene every such witness and witnesses before any such magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, at such seasonable time as in such summons shall be fixed, and if any person fb summoned shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time by such summons appointed, and no just excuse shall be offered for such neglect or retufal, then (after proof by oath of such summons having been duly served upon the party or parties so summoned) every such magistrate and magistrates, justice and justices, is and are hereby authorised and required to issue his or their warrant, under his hand and seal, or their hands and seals, to bring every such witness or witnesses before any such magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices; and on the appearance of any such witness before any such magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, every such magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, is and are hereby authorised and empowered to examine upon oath every such witness; and if any such witness on his or her appearance, or on being brought before any such magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, shall refuse to be examined upon oath concerning the premises, without offering any just excuse for such refuse), any such magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, within the limits of his or their jurisdiction, may, by warrant under his hand and seal, or their hands and seals, commit any person or person so refusing to be examined, to the publick prison of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, or place in which the person or persons so refusing to be examined shall be, there to remain for any time not exceeding fourteen days nor Jess than three days, as any such magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices,

shall direct.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the magistrate or ma- Convl&ions gift rates, justice or j uff ices before whom any person shall be com- to be drawn vi<sted in manner prescribed by this act, shall cause such respectivcn convi<ftion to he drawn up in the form or to the effect follow- 0 owin£ ing; (that is to say)y

To wit, } jB of the reign of

E it remembered, That on this day of in the year

A B. is convicted before

Majesty's

form,

98i Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 16. [1800.

Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county of; h [or, for the rid^pg or diviGon of the skid'cocnitT f

of or, for the city liberty, or town of [*r Ain

case shall happen to be] for and do adjudge him 1 I

[her or them] to pay and forfeit for the same the sum of r

Given under the day and year aforesaid, f;

be^removed^

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Certiorari, letters of.\

advocation or of suspension, shall be granted, to remow any*p

conviction or other proceedings had thereon in pursuance of1 1]

this ach a

t/made^oT

XVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That M a the general if any person convicted of any offence punishable by this act9 \ r or quarter shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by the judgement legions, and of the magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, before whom ( a finally deter- ^e, or t^ey have been convicted, such person bail ! [

mined there." have liberty from time to time to appeal to the justices at the {

next general or quarter sessions of the peace which shall be held - i for the county, riding, divifmn, city, liberty, town or place j j where such judgement shall have been given; and that the; t execution of the said judgement shall in such cases be suspeacted, c the person (o convicted entering into a recognizance at the < \

time of such conviction, with two sufficient sureties, in doable ( the sum which such person shall have been adjudged to pay or j

forfeit, upon condition to^ prosecute such appeal with effid, (

and to be forthcoming to abide the judgement and determina- j tion'of the justices at their said next general or general quarter sessions; which recognizance the magistrate or migiilites, } justice or justices, before whom such conviction Gull be bad, ( is and are hereby empowered and required to take $ and the j justices in the said general or general quarter sessions, are hereby l t authorised and required to hear and finally determine the I f

matter of every such appeal, and to award such costs is to J j

them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid by either i.party; and if, upon hearing the said appeal, the judgement'J of the magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, before j (

whom the appellant or appellants ball have oeen convictd, I j

shall be affirmed, such appellant or appellants shall immediately L,

pay down the sum, he, she, or they shall have been adjudged to a,

forfeit, together with such costs as the justices in their said general (, (

or general quarter sessions shall award to be paid to the prosecutor or informer, for defraying the expences sustained by f ! reason of any such appeal; and in default of the appellants paying the same, any two such justices, or any one such oa- gistrate or justice of the peace, having jurisdiction in the place into which any such appellant or appellants shall efeipe, or where he, she, or they shall reside, shall and may, by warrant under their hands and seals or his hand and foal,.

commit every such appellant and appellants to the common gaol of the county, city, riding, division, town, or place; where 5

he, j

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 16, 983

he, she, or they shall be apprehended, until he, she, or they shall make payment of such penalty, and of the costs and charges which shall be adjudged on the conviction, to the informer; but if the appellant or appellants in any such appeal shall make good his, her, or their appeal, and be discharged of the said conviction, reasonable costs shall be awarded to the appellant or appellants against such informer or informers, who; would (in case of such conviction) have been entitled to the .7*1 penalty to have been recovered as aforesaid; and which costs*shall and may be recovered by the appellant or appellants against: any such informer or informers, in like manner as costs given at any general or general quarter sessions of the peace are recoverable.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if If convictions any such conviction shall happen to be made within six days before any general or general quarter sessions of the peace which bei*.<v any shall be held for the county, riding, division, city, town corpo- feftiv>u» the rate, borough, or place, where such conviction thali have been parties miy made, then the party or parties who shall think him, her, or to^t^rThe themselves aggrieved by any such conviction, shall and may, neXt following on entering into a recognizance, in manner and for the purposes felUous, before directed, be at liberty to appeal either to the then next or the next following general or general quarter sessions of the peace which shall be held for any such county, riding, division, city, town corporate, borough, liberty, or place, where any such conviction shall have been made.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every action or suit Limitation of which shall be brought or commenced against any magistrate aftl°|!8 a£a, nft or magistrates, justice or justices, or any peace officer or officers, ^officers, for any matter or thing done or committed by virtue of or under this ail, shall be commenced within six months next after the fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the county, city, or place where the matter in dispute shall arise, and not elsewhere; and that the statute made in the twenty-fourth year of his hte Majesty's reign, intituled An*4. Geo. 2,

*7.57 for the re tuhring justices of the peace more safe in the execution of so^i^rats their office, and for indemnifying conjlabksy and* others aiding in a(^jnfy uncjcr obedience 4o their warrants, so far as the said ail relates to the.this act. rendering the justices more safe in the execution of their office, shall extend and be construed to extend to the magistrate and magistrates, justice and justices of the peace, ailing under the authority and in puffuance of this ail; and that no action No action to or suit shall be had or commenced against, nor shall any writ be sued out or copy of any writ be served upon any peace p.^officerY officer or officers, for any tiling done in the execution of this act, int.il 7 lays until seven days after a notice in writing shall have been given .* txrnotice, to or left for him or them, at his or their ufu.d place of abode, by the attorney for the party intending to commence such time tenjer ailion; which notice in writing shall contain the name and amends, and place of abode of the person intending to bring such action, if notaccepted and also of his attorney, and likewise the qaulb of ailion or ^da-'witL^6

984 Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 16. [1800.

the general complaint; and any peace officer or officers shall beat liberty, foun/fuffid an<* may by v*rtue of this act, at any time within seven dap ent a verdict" a^rer MY ^uch notice shall have been given to or left for him, shall be found tender or cause to be tendered any fijm or funjs of money, at for the defen- amends for the injury complained of, to the party complaining, kintift^b*0r to the attorney named in any such notice; and if the same is come nonV not accepted of, the defendant or defendants in any such action suit, See* or actions may plead such tender in bar of such action or action?, together with the general issue, or any other plea, with leave of the court in which the action shall be commenced; and if upon ifiiie joined on such tender the jury shall find the amends tehdered to have been sufficient, they shall find a verdict for the defendant or defendants; and in every such case, or if the plaintiff shall become nonsuit, or discontinue hrs action, or'if judgement shall be given for the defendant or defendants

upon demurrer, or if any action or suit shall be brought after the time limited by this act for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other county or place than as aforesaid, then and in any such case the jury shall find for the defends of defendants, and the defendant or defendants shall be entitled to his or their costs; but if the jury shall find that no such tender

If the jury find for the

ih ill give a verdict for damages.

Defendants

Ticbk costs.

Ko person shall be convicted, unless the prosecution be commenced within

plaintiff, they was made, or that the amends tendered were not sufficient, or shall find against the defendant or defendants, on any plea or pleas by him or them pleacted, they shall then give a verdict for the plaintiff, and such damages as they shall think proper, and the plaintiff shall thereupon recover his costs against every such defendant and defendants.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit may plead the shall commenced against any person or persons for any thing general 1 ue. >cj0Jie in pursuance of this act, the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit may plead the general issue, and given this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, or if a verdict shall bfe recorded for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff shall be nonfuiced or discontine: his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon a verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants in any such action shall and may recover treble costs, and hit: the like remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law, for recovery of his, her, or their costs.

XXI. Provided always, That no person shall be convicted i: manner aforesaid, for any of the beforementioned offences, unless the prosecution in order to such conviction be comment within fourteen days next after the offence committed. da

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all penalties and

Apulicat; ou forfeitures by this act imposed and inflated, shall go and be

ot penalties, distributed in manner following, (that is to say), When an

offender

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 16. 98

offender or offenders shall be convicted either by his, her, or their own confession, or by the oath of one or more credible ^yitnels or witnesses, such penalty or forfeiture (bail go and be paid to the person or persons who shall inform against and prosecute to conviction any such offender or offenders, and all penalties and forfeitures which shall arise or be incurred by reason of any search, trial, or seizure, made in pursuance of any of fije powers and provisions of this abv any magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, shall go and be applied to or for the li fe of the poor of the pan 111 wherein such offence shall be commit red, or the party convicted, in such manner as any such magistrate or magistrates, judice or judices, within his or their jurisdiction, shall from time to time think fit.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That this shall con- Continuance tinue in force until the fixrh day of November one rhoufiind oi eight hundred and one, ar: d from thence to the end of six weeks from the commencement of the then next IciTion of parliament.

THE

986 Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 17. [1800.

[Preamble.]

No person shall sell or expose to salej any bread, until it shall have been baked 24 hours, on penalty from 40s. to 5s. for every loaf, cake, roll, muffin, &c.

Penalty may be recovered before a justice, and divided between the informer and the poor of the parish.

The 24 hour shall be computed from taking the bread out of the oven; and no art (bull be

CAP. XVII.

An act to prohibit, until the first day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the end of six weeks next after the commencement of the then next session of parliament, any person or persons from selling any bread which shall not have been baked twenty-four hours.

[Dec. 31, 1800.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to reduce, as much as possible, 'et, the present moment, the consumption of wheat flour: end whereas it appears that a considerable saving would arise, if bead 1

was prohibited from being sold until it had been baked a certain time; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual, and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall not be lawful for any baker or other person or persons, to fell, or offer or expose to sale, or send out for sale, or deliver on his or their account, or on that of any other person, any bread, until the same shall have been baked twenty-four hours at the lead; and every baker or other person or persons, who shall act, contrary hereto, or offend herein, shall for every offence forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding forty shillings, nor left, than five shillings, at the discretion of the magistrate, for every Joaf, half loaf, or any smaller or larger part or portion of a loaf, or for every cake or roll, muffin or crumpet, or any bread commonly known by the name of French Bread, made of the; flour of wheat, bailey, oats, rye, pease, or rice, so fold, offered, J exposed to or lint out for sale \ which penalty shall and may be 1 recovered before any one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county, city, or place where the offence shall ]

be committed, upon the oath of one or more credible witncli i or witnesses, who shall prove, to the satisfaction of such justice or justices, that the said bread had not been baked twenty- f four hours (which oath such justice or justices is and are hereby empowered to administer) one moiety whereof shall be paid to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish or place where the offence shall be committed and if the said penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for such justice or justices, by warrant under his or their hand and seal, to cause the said penalty to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the party offending, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner or ovficrc of F such goods and chattels, after deducing the said penalty, and the costs and charges of taking and making such distress and sale.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the twenty-four hours previous to the expiration of which it shall not be lawful for any baker, or other person or persons, rokil bread, or offer or expose it to or lend it out for tale, M be computed from the time at which such bread was taken out of

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 17. 9S7

the oven or other place used for the purpose of baking or heating used for pre.

it: provided also, That it shall not be lawful for any baker, or

other person or persons employed by any such baker, to use turcof the*

any art or artifice whatever for preserving the heat or moisture bread.

in bread longer than such heat or moisture would be preserved

by the fair mode of keeping bread in the ordinary way of his

business; and every baker or other person or persons who shall act contrary to or offend herein, shall for every such offence be liable to the same penalty, to be recovered in the same

mode, as is herein-before enacted in the case of the file of new bread.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful The \yard-for the several wardmote inquests of the city of Londoner such other LondonC or person or persons as are authorised by any act heretofore passed, authoriswi* ° to enter into any house, (hop, stall, bakehouse, warehouse, out- persons may house, or other place, of or belonging to any baker or feller of enter (hops, bread, at all times, within their respective limits, to search any

basket, wheelbarrow, cart, or other conveyance used by any u?ej jOI! carry-baker for the purpose of carrying bread to or for any dealer ing out bread, therein or consumer thereof; and in case any bread shall bs^ndhanybe found in the same which shall not have been baked twenty- Ionnd therein four hours at the Jeast, all such bread, which shall be so hours^and found in any such bafker, wheelbarrow, cart, or other con- if the owner veyance, shall be deemed and taken as bread exposed to sale aannot be within the intent and meaning of this acfl; and in case such ^edancf wardmote inquests or such person or persons so authorised as carried before aforesaid shall not be able to discover the owner or owners of a justice, who such bread, then the said wardmote inquest, or any four or m:y dispose more of the persons composing the same, or such person or !, h7iThink f.t persons so authorised as aforesaid, shall and may seize such U bread, and after seizure thereof shall, with all convenient speed, cause the same to be carried to any justice or justices of the peace for the county, city, or place where the offence shall be committed, who shall and may dispose thereof, as he or they in his or their discretion, shall think fit.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons Penalty for shall wilfully obstruct or hinder any' search herein-before authorised to be made, or the seizure of any bread which shall orfcizin* be found on any such search, or the taking or carrying away bread, the same, he, she, or they so doing or offending shall, upon being -convicted thereof before any such last mentioned ma-

gistrate, forfeit and pay for every offence any sum not exceeding five pounds nor less than ten shillings, as the magistrate or magistrates, before whom such offender or offenders (hill be

convicted, shall think fit to order. r

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein A&notto

contained shall extend, or be confirmed to extend, to any baker ^ead for the or other person who shall fell or deliver, or offer or expose to sale, ute of troops any bread which shall not have been baked twenty-four hours, on their

to marc*bor f

983 Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 17. [1800.

within 24 to or for the use of any of his Majesty's troops, on their marchj

arrival3^1, or lt^ll?n twenty-four bt>ur& after their arrival at any quarter*

quarters! barrack, or cantonment.

VI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That all and every person or persons who shall think him, her, of themselves aggrieved, by the judgement or determination of any such justice or justices as aforesaid, in respect of any pecu-

Appeal may

br made to the quarter sessions, who

determine^the n*ar.V penalty, may appeal to the justices of the peace for the matter. county, riding, division, city, liberty, or place, where such judgement shall be given, at their then next general or quarter fell ions of the peace, unless such general or quarter sessions of the peace shall happen to be holden within six days next after any such conviction, and in such case such person or persons may appeal to the next subsequent general or quarter sessions of the peace which shall be holden for any such county, riding, division, city, liberty, or place; but no such appeal shall be received, heard, or determined, unless the appellant or appellants shall first enter into a recognizance, wish two sufficient sureties, before such justice or justices lo convicting as aforesaid, in the sum of twenty pounds each, to appear and prosecuteevcry such appeal with effc&; and the justices of the peace of such general or quarter sessions of the peace are hereby authorised and required, on every such appeal being made, and on reasonable notice thereof given to the other party, finally to hear and determine the matter of every such appeal, and to make such order and to award such costs therein as they in their dilcretiun shall fee meet, and which laid order and determination shall be final and conclusive to all parties and no Certiorari shall be allowed to remove any such proceedings or determination.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every complaint which shall be mace of any offence against this act, alledged to Iwc been cbrtfmitfed within those parts of the counties of M'Mtftx limits, shall'2nd Surrey which lie within the bills of mortality, or in the be heard at parishes of Saint Mary At front and Pancrai, WxhzUidcourtiJ

the nea rest of Middlesex, shall be heard and determined by so ne one or more

publick office of his Majesty's justices of the peace, acting in and for the hid counties, at such of tive publick offices, established by virtue of an atf, pelted in the thirty-f<?cond year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the more cfffiual administration of the fee of a justice of the peace, in such part; of the counties of MidMx and Surrey as lit in and near the metropolis, and for thewort effectual prevention of felonies \ and further continued by virtue of an passed in the thirty - sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, a* shall be next or near to the place in which Pro (editions fu<J °fe"ce be altcdged have been committed, shall be com- Via. rrovideu always, and be it further enacted, That no ( lueuced with- person dull be convicted in manner aforesaid, for any of th? in a limited before mentioned offences, unless the prosecution, in order ro such conviction, be commenced within three days next after the offence committed.

Complaints for offences committed within certain time.

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 18, 79. 989

IX. And be it further enacted, That this act shall con- Continuance tinue in force until the first day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the end of fix- weeks next after the commencement of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. XVIII.

An act to permit, until the first day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, the importation of Swedish herrings into Great Britain

[Dec. 31, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is Expedient under the present circumstances, permit, for a limited time, the importation of Swedish herrings into Great Britain, in British ships, or in ships belonging to persons of any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any manner whatever, without payment of duty \ be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the'^nt«l 0&.mu passing of this act, and until the first day dt October one thousand eight hundred and one, it shall and may be lawful ported from to and for any person or persons whatever to import into Sweden, in Great Britain, from any port or place in Sweden, in any British British vessels, fllip or vessel, or in any other ship or vessel belonging to of an ^kir^13 persons of any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, and in amity navigated in any manner whatever, any herrings caught and cured with his on any of the coarts of Sweden, without the payment of any Majesty, duty duty whatever; any thing in any act or acts of parliament to the frc€* contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a due Entry shall be entry shall be made of all such herrings that shall be imported aTthe

by virtue of this act, with the proper officers of the customs at port of impor-the port into which the same shall be imported \ and, in default tation on F thereof, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may % be penalty of seized by any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs. forfeiture.

CAP. XIX.

An act to remove doubts arising upon the construction of an act of this session of parliament, intituled An act for granting bounties on the importation of wheat, barley, rye, oats, pease, beans, and Indian corn, and of barley, rye, oat, and Indian meal, and wheaten flour and rice.

[Dec. 31, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for granting bounties on the importation of wheat, barley, rye, pease, beans, and Indian corn, and of barley, rye, oat, and Indian meal, and wheaten floty and rice, it was enacted, That before any corn, grain, or pease, or any flour or rice, in the said act mentioned, imported or brought into

690' Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 20, 21. [1803.

this kingdom for bounty, under the regulations of the said recited efl, should be delivered out of the charge of the officer or officers of the customs in the fold aft mentioned, that the same should be infitfid and examined in the manner in the said act mentioned: and whims it was olfj enacted in the said recited act. That returns should be made to the inspector of corn returns, in the manner in the fid act mentioned, of all foreign corn, grain, or pulse, that fall be examined and certified under the said act': and whereas dsubts have arisen whether all foreign corn, grain, or pulse, in, by, and under the provisions of the said recited act, to be examined and returned U the inspector of corn returns, whether any bounties are claimed or art payable on such corn, grain, or pulse, or not', for the remedy whereof, be it declared and enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, rtiau'be by anc* ac^v'ce and consent of the lords spiritual and tern-

deemed to poral, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and require that, by the authority of the same, That the said act was intended, and before any shall fc>e deemed and construed to require that before any Sail be d°eh- fore, gn corn> grain, or pulse, imported or brought into this vereu out of /kingdom during the continuance of the said act, shall be the charge of delivered out of the charge of the proper officer or officers of the the pr oper customs in the said act: mentioned, such articles respectively shall iliuuM'he ke careful]y an^ attentively inspected and examined, and if the

inspected, and same are merchantable, certified in manner in the said act if merchant- mentioned; and that all corn, grain, or pulse, that fhul/ be able certified, certified under the said act, shall be returned to the inspector of to the inspec- corn returns> as, n ^le aft is directed, whether any bounty for, whether or bounties shall be claimed or payable on any such com, grain, bounty be or pulse, or not* any thing in the said act contained to the BQtIimior contrary notwithstanding. I*

CAP. XX.

An act to revive and continue until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, and amend so much of an act of the last session of parliament, as relates to the reducing and better collecting the duties payable on the importation of starch; and to continue for the same time several laws relating to the enabling his Majesty to permit goods to be imported into this kingdom in neutral ships: to the authorising his Majesty to make regulations respecting the trade to the Cape of Good Hope; and to the preventing offences in obstructing, destroying, or damaging ships, and in obstructing seamen and others from pursuing their lawful occupations.

[Dec. 31, 1800.]

So much of 79 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 8. as relates to the reducinganJcoMi?

the import outies on starch, shall, from Sept. 17, 1800, be revived and

continued until six weeks after the commencement of the nextuiiwi; and a duty after the rate of 3d. xq per lb. only shall be paid. Gw.

3. c. xia. 37 Geo. 3. c. tr. and 33 Geo. 3. c. 67. further cratbod until six weeks after the commencement of the next session.

CAP. XXI.

allowing, until the fifteenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, the use of salt, duty free, in the preserving of fish in bulk or in barrels; for protecting persons

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 21. 991

engaged in such fisheries from being impressed into his Majesty's service; for discontinuing the bounty payable on white herrings exported; and for allowing a bounty on pilchards now cured, whether exported or sold for home consumption.

[Dec 31, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS in order to procure a large supply of good and wholesome fish, it is expedient to allow salt to be used, duty free for a limited time, for the purpose of curing or preferring herrings, pilchards, mackarel, and all other kinds or species of wholesome fish,

either in bulk or in barrels; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

Thar^ taken on

during the continuance of this act, it shall be lawful for any board, duty

person or persons who shall catch or take, or purchase and cure ffee, for curing

or preserve any herrings, pilchards, mackarel, or any other kind port [on of

or species of wholesome fkh, or who shall fit out any vessel for iJ buibeisfor

such purpose, to take and ship on board his or their vefle$, every ton

from his or their own flock of salt, or from the (lock of salt of wirttien of any other fish curer, of whom such person or persons shall the vessel*

+purchase, or with whom he or they shall contrail for salt, any quantity of salt, duty free, that shall be deemed necessary for curing or preserving the fish which may be expected to be taken or purchased in the trip or voyage in or upon which he or they shall immediately intend to dispatch or employ his or their vessel: provided always, That no person or persons shall be allowed to ship or have on board any vessel, at any time, any greater or larger quantity of salt than in the proportion of ten bushels for every ton burthen, by admeasurement of the vessel in or on board of which such salt shall be taken or

shipped: provided also, That before any person or persons B.re, '

*/ M. (I j rr Jl received, duty

whatever shall receive into his or their custody or possession, or frtx\ aiJ ent, y

take or ship on board any vessel or vessels, any quantity of dull be made

salt, free of duty, for the purpose of salting, curing or preserving a\she cxdfe

fish, such person or persons shall make entry in writing at the

next office of excise of his or their name or names, and place pirty

or places of abode, and of the number and situation of every ami bond

warehouse, which he or they shall intend to make use of for $ive*n for duly

+the keeping or storing of salt, and shall also give bond or security to be approved by the commissioners of excise, or the person or persons who shall be appointed or employed by them for that purpose, in the sum of five hundred pounds, that he or they will duly account with the proper officer or officers of excise, according to the directions of this act, for all the salt which he or they shall at any time take, ship, receive, or have on

board his or their vessel or vessels, for the purpose of falling, '

curing, or preserving of fish, and that such salt, and every part;

thereof, shall be fairly and bond side employed, (pent, and consumed, in halting, curing, or preserving of fish as aforesaid, or

ifi3ll be returned into the warehouse entered for the keeping or

storing of fair j duty-free, from whence the same was taken

and

Persons intending to ft)ip salt, to

992 Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 21. [1800.

I imd that no part of such salt, so taken, shipped, received, of J had on board any such vessel or vessels as a/oresaid, dull be 1 fraudulently sold or disposed of, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every persons or person intending to ship any such salt for the purpose aforesaid, give notice7t<* 0*11 give to the proper officer of excise of the port or place from the excise of- whence such salt shall be taken and shipped, a notice in writing ficer of certain specifying his or their name or names, the name of the vessel on particulars. bQanj which the salt is intended to be shipped, the name of the mfcfter thereof, the burthen or tonnage of such vessel, the place to v which such vessel is bound, the particular forts or species of fish cxpc&ed to be taken or purchased and cured, and the exact and x'true quantity and species of salt intended to be shipped or put on -

Pith ctlrets I b°*rcl vessel-

may deliver / III- And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any any part of J known and entered fish curer or fish curer9, to deliver any part of

fdt^d^t* °* ^ree* lnt0 cu^5r or P°&°n rfan/

free* to per-\ or Persons who shall have made entry and given bond or

fms' who have security, in pursuance of and according to the directions of this mide entry, act, for taking, or purchasing and curing or preferring fish; and given provided always, That such salt shall be delivered under, subject, quired.S^an<* actording to the rules, regulations, and restrictions provided Such salt shall ai1^ prescribed by an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of tho bo delivered reign of his present Majesty, for transferring the management of i under the the salt duties to the commissioners of excise, and for other pur-rules of 58 j pases<

r 9? And be it further enacted, That when and so foonasany

(hipt the^x-1 k'* have ^cen or ta^en on board any vessel for the

Cdfofficer to purpose of curing or preserving fish as aforesaid, it shall be law-giv« a certifi-; tul for the proper officer of Excise to whom the notice of shipping cate fjkcftying {\jch salt shall have been delivered as aforesaid, and such officer is culaxsT hereby authorised and required to give and grant to the owner,

proprietor, or master of such vessel, a certificaiejjccifying the

' name of the vessel and of the mailer thereof, the tonnage or bur-. then of such vessel, the quantity and species of salt taken, hid, or received on board such vessel, and the name or names of the per-

fore of persons from whose (lock of salt the same was taken and fhityped, the place from whence taken ^nd shipped, the time when \ fhi typed, and the place to which the vellei on board which the

j \ fame shall be so shipped is bound.

's V. And be it further enacted, That if any owner or owners, fhidpiTur'curtd Prortr*ctc>r or proprietors, or matter of any vessel, on board which t any salt shall be to taken of shipped as aforesaid, shall unship or 2 Uynul quay, unlade, or cause or procure to be unshipped or unladen, or wil-: fully-or knowingly permit or suffer to be unthipped or unladen,

any part of any cargo of felted or cured fUh, except at some lawful quay within the kingdom of Great Britain, he, she, or they,

shall forfeit for every such offence, the fund of one hundred pounds*

hmuw after

VII. And be it further enacted, That within twenty-four hours arrival at the a^tern>' V€^c^ oa ^arc* of which any salt shall have beta

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. cai. 993

taken or shipped as aforesaid, shall arrive at the port of which the port of un-jeargo of such vessel is to be unladen or delivered, the matter of dipping the ^iich vessel shall make entrjMn writing with the proper officer of° on^? $xcise of such port, speci fyiiTg the quantity and kinds or species of board of which^ salted or cured fish of which the cargo of such vessel shall consist; felt shall have } that is to say, If herrings, the quantity, according to the exa<S and true number of crans of thirty-four gallons each, English make an t wine measure, of fresh herrings, which were taken or received entry of cer-; on board his vessel; if pilchards or mackarel, the exact and trudt; dn particu- number of barrels, confiding of fifty gallons each of the ^e^dfeofficer / measure, which were taken or received on board fresh; and i£ who shall go*any other kind 6r species of fish, 'the exact and true number o(on board and I barrels of two hundred pounds weight each, or theexaft and true examine, and j weight of such fish; and also the exact and true quantity of salt I

actually employed and spent in curing and preferring such fiffi loading the j

re spet lively, and likewise the true quantity of salt which shall be (iih, amJ if he then remaining, in or bn board his vessel, unused; and thereupon require it, in the proper officer of excise shall go on board and inspect and ex+ hi8 Presence* amine all such fishand salt, and shall grant permission, in writing under his hand, for unloading and landing all such fish, which, if required by such officer, shall be unladen (and if in bulk, measured or weighed) by such matter, in the presence of the proper officer of excisejand if any such master shall neglect or refuse to make; ^enahyof such entry as aforesaid, or make any false entry, dr shall refuse JjJ

re-

unlade the fa)ted fish of which his cargo shall consist, and measure or weigh such part thereof as shall be imported in bulk^ in the presence of the proper officer of excise, he shall forfeit, for; every such offence, the sum of one hundred pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the certificate which Certificates shall have been received by any such master fot*or in respect $ny such salt as aforesaid, shall be produced to the proper officer of excise by whom the cargo of the vessel on board which the salt, duced to the for or in respect of which inch certificate as aforesaid shall have excise officer been granted, shall be inspedied, examined, and taken account of; by and if such officer shall be satisfied that the salt (pecihed in such fnfp^ted, who £htry to have been used, Avail have been fairly and bond side spent shall, if satis-and consumed in preservingor curing the faked fish of which the fied, indorse fargo shall consist, according to the directions of this act, then^ereon^and in such case such officer shall indorse on such certificate the fish cured°and true quantity of fish cured or preservd, and landed out of suchthnded, and vessel, and the exact quantity of salt remaining on board; which the quantity certificate, being produced to and left with the proper officer 0 f of faU remain-excise of the port or place at which or from whence the salt tc*J^Jeroftt^ which such certificate may have reference shall have been shipped port from" or taken on board such vessel, such last mentioned officer shall which the salt give credit for or write off from the account of the person or persons who shall stand charged in the books or accounts °£ credit excise with such salt, so much salt as shall appear by the indorsei-such salt as ment of the proper officer of excise on such certificate to hav£ shall appear been attually used-, spent, and consumed, in curing and prefers- to have been ing fifltj according to the true intent and meaning of this a^>permiUhe

remainder to

994 Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. iu [1800.

bt warchouf* and shall permit and allow all the salt remaining unused in or on*' jboard such vefle!, to be returned into the warehouse from whence

\ Jthe same was taken, and shall writeoff or give credit for the i quantity of salt actually so returned, or shall permit the same to J: be taken out, by and at the option of the mailer or owner of the /'vessel, for curing or preserving fish on his next subsequenc trip i f or voyage, either with or without any additional quantity of salt, \ (not exceeding in the whole the proportion herein-before men-tioqed), as he or they shall deem necessary; and every such oS- cer of excise shall, upon such subsequent trip or voyage, and 'upon such notice as is hereinbefore required, give to the matter }'of such vtfleJ, such and the like certificate as is by this act before I, directed.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That im-

; tj, e of mediately upon the delivery to the proper officer of excise of any entries, and such entry as is herein-before directed, the matter of the vessel; that they have making or giving the same shall make oath before the proper ofi-\ therein an cer exc^e (which oath such officer is hereby authorised and fishbut what empowered to administer) to the truth of such entry, and every have been part thereof, and that he has not taken or received on board ta fairly cured vessel, or included in his entry, any fish whatever, fare and ex-on board>i&£. cept such on]y as hath been fairly anj lonft fife f3]ted, cured, j and preserved, on board the vessel of which he is the mailer, nor»t mny fish which he has any reason to know or believe have bten

/imported on board any Other veflVi whatever^psttfatTic has not I -directly or indirectly fold, embezzled, or fraudulently dispo'ei of, I or concealed, or conveyed away, or suffered any other person a [ persons to fell, embezzle, dispose of, or conceal or convey u-j,any part of the salt taken, shipped, or laden on board his v£*i, for salting, curing, or preserving fish.

Excise officers^ And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any board °and officer of excise, at all times, to go and remain on board r.y take account such vessel as aforesaid, and to inspefl, examine, and take accoar. offultand \ of al! fair, and salted fish. and other articles or commons silted fish. whatsoever, irt or on boara such veil'd.

i If the fish unladed ill all be short 1-5th 1.put of the;

quantity eu-, ' tered, the

; plotter shall!

' forfeit 100L;

X. And be it further enacted, That if the quantity of or cured fish actually unladed or delivered from on board an? such vessel as aforesaid in the presence of the proper officer tl excise, shall fail short of the quantity specified in such entry as aforesaid, in the proportion of one pzrt in five of the n 'e^quantity specified in such entry, that then and in such case such»entry shall be deemed and taken to be a falseand uurruc entry, and the mailer making the same shall forfeit the fumofui: hundred pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no credit or allowance for salt used in the salting, curing, or preserving fish, under the'directions or authority of this atf, shall, at any time or iu ant ceedthe qUnn-case? be made or given beyond the quan icy of lait actdailyid titu b hercif; fiorl£^empi0ycd and spent in the salting, curing, and prcicrviag the fish, for which-iuph credit or allowance shall be clameJ, nor shall any Tuchrcredu or allowance exc.eJ fic follow ng pro*

dredit for, salt pfed in c^ripg fish j shall pot e*

fptcilitdj

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. &i. 995

portions, that is to lay, For ever)'cran confiding of thirty-four gallons, English wine measure, of herrings actually salted, cured, pre- j served, and produced to lee proper officer of excise in a good, 1 wholesome, and merchantable date sixty-five pounds weight of f salt; for every barrel of fifty galions, of the like measure of / pilchards or mackarel, so salted, cured, preferred, and produced \ as aforesaid, ninety-five pounds weight of salt; % for everyone \

Jiundred weight of all other fish, so salted, cured preserved, and / produced as a.oresaid, twenty-two pounds weight of salt; any: thing in this or any other act or acts of parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no further or othfer ap0^r-credit or allowance for salt shall be made, given, or granted, nce

for or in respect of any fish for which the credit or allowance granted.

of salt, by this act given or granted, shall be claimed, fee off*

or allowed.;

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no bounty shall be No bounty

given, granted, allowed, or paid for or in respetff of any fish f^fi^cuned1 whatever, salted, cured, or preserved, under the authority, underthiSa&, 1 directions, or provisions of this act, other than and except except red such herrings as shall be cured and legally packed as red herrings, herrings.a P

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the matter of every veffeis7m°poru^ vessel in or on board of which any salted fish taken and cured ing salted /ish > Under the authority and direction of this act, shall be Fmported into the port or brought into the port of London, shall make the entry and London oath herein-before directed, with and before the proper officer ^ntr^n

of excise at Gravefind^ and shall then and there take out and oath with tinlade into proper boats or lighters, all his cargo of faired hfh, the excise, in the presence of the proper officer of excise* in the manner, ^(Hcerat according to the directions, and subject ro the penalty in case of neglect, refusal, or false entry, which is herein-before directed, into boats in respect of vessels arriving with and unlading salted fish at any the cargo in lawful quay in Great Britain. his preience.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons Persons con-whatever shall clandestinely or fraudulently conceal, embezzle, cealing, &c. fell, dispose of, or carry or convey away, any salt that shall be

v taken or shipped onboard any vessel, for the salting, curing, of toVorfcit 50l. preserving of fish, under the powers and authorities by this ad$ and the salt given or granted, every such person or persons shall, for every shall be for-such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and all salt so feited. concealed, embezzled, fold, disposed of, or carried or conveyed -away, together with the package containing the same, shall be forfeited, and the same shall and may be seized by any officer or'Jfficers of the customs or excise.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful ?or h^rringr for any person or persons to take, purchase, and salt and Prc-'^her-serve herrings in bulk, either for the purpose of curing the Vings or far same as red herrings or for immediate exportation to Ireland >[exportation; and such person shall be allowed such and the like quantity of Ireland, !the salt for every cran (confiding-of thirty-four gallons of such: be

herrings) allowed a* for

rules of this&, Scc.

996 Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 21. [1803.

herrings in herrings) as is allowed for curing and preferring herrings in confunT tion* for ^ome consumption; provided the master of such vessel onVhe shall comply with and conform to the several rules, regulations,

for'* comply, and restrictions by this act directed; and provided a]so, that the ing with tive master of every vessel intending to export herrings in bulk to jIreland, shall make a like entry and oath, with the officer of excise at the port nearest to which the herrings* on board his ! vessel (fyall have been taken, as is required by this act to be made

for or in respect of vessels arriving with salted fish to be landed at

y any port in Great Britain, and shall permit and allow the proper

Excise ofheersjomcer of excise, to inspect, examine, and take account of all / may take an such herrings accordingly. aUchards°cur

XVII. And whereas it is expedient to enmrpgt tie fib effuth ed amt packed Pochards for home consumptiou as mqy be now in store} be it therefore in the custody enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper of any entered officer or officers of excise, to take an immediate and true fish carer, and account of all pilchards which, at the timp of taking such tion ofaPUJU atcount> shall be well and perfectly cured and packed in barrels, month shall i and which shall be or remain in the custody or possession of any give him a de* tegular and entered fish curer; and such officer or officers 21 benture of tht ^ncj after fa expiration of one month after he or they shall barrels* {lave taken flIcb account, ?nd ascertained the true number Before such \ of barrels of such pilchards, shall give to the proprietor or account is owner thereof a debenture specifying the exact and true number taken, the of barrels of such pilchards so cured and packed as aforesaid: owner, ^upqa provided always, That before the proper officer or officers of ed^shall^111^. c*c^e shall ra^e any such account as aforesaid, the owner or deliver a de-; proprietor of such pilchards shall, upon being thereunto re-claration of quired by the proper officer of excise, forthwith deliver to such officer a declaration in writing, specifying the exact and true pilchards in number of barrels of pilchards in his custody or poflitfion, and his custody, whether any debenture has been made out or granted, or and whether any bounty allowed or paid for any, and if for any, for how has beenIltUre ma°'V barrels of such pilchards, on pain of forfeiting, for every nTad/out or nco^c^ or refusal to make such declaration, or for any faife or bounty allow- -untrue declaration, to the sum of one hundred pounds, cd, on penalty

XVIII. And be it fur ther enacted, That upon any such de-of tool. benttire as aforesaid being produced to the collector of excise, of the* col left ion in which the fish cuter to whom the fane Was given or granted shall reside, such collector shall, and is hereby authorised and required, out of any money in his har.is arifin^ from the duty on fair, to pay to such fish curer fuel bounty as he would have been entitled unto in calc such pilchards had been duly and 'truly exported;: my thing in any act or acts of parliament, or in this a<; t, to the contrary in any wise not-WKhstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That when and so fooa as any officer or officers of excise, shall have taken an account of and ascertained the true number cf barrels of pilchards in the custody or possession of any such entered fish cuter as aforehni,

Op prodoc-of xhe (Iciberiturt to the collector of excise, he shall pay the same bounty as on pilchards tx-.ported.

Officer (hpll brand barrels of y hich an account shall have been

taken.

luefc

u, S\

997

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. tu

such officer or officers shall forthwith bum or brand distin&Jy on each barrel the letters B. A. to denote that the same has been taken an account of, and the bounty allowed thereon.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any fish curer or Penalty of; other person whatever shall alter or deface any mark burnt°°hfor j

or branded upon any barrel of pilchards, or shall repack anyJ^rkTon;

pilchards upon which any bounty fl\pll have been allowed, or ^rcli, kzf\ otherwise attempt or endeavour to obtain credit for or payment, J

of any bounty upon any pilchards for which a bounty fyad J

been before allowed or paid, or for the payment of which bounty any debenture shall have been made out or granted, every fish curer or other person, so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the such of two hundred pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That before the bounty on Before any -any debenture shall be paid by any collector of excise, the bounty mall owner or proprietor of the prlchards, by whom such bounty pa»d on shall be claimed, shall make oath that no bounty whatever has owner^all*been paid, recovered, or allowed, nor any debenture made out make oath or granted for or in respect of the pilchards, or any part thereof, that no which are or shall be mentioned or specified in such debenture bounty ha* and that all such pilchards are well and perfectly cured and that* U^ey arcr paeked, and are good and merchantable ftfh; which oath such merchantable collector is hereby authorised and empowered to administer. fish.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Such pil-lawful to and for the proprietor of owner of such pilchards, oi charts may le to and for any other person or persons who may be legally tion*

entitled to the same, to sell or dispose of such pilchards, or any or part thereof, either for home consumption or for exportation, tation, but subject nevertheless, if exported, to £he rules, regulations, and only in the provisions, to which the exportation cf pilchards is now liabler^udef^' provided always, That no such pilchards shall at any time be^id by (old or disposed of, save and except in the original barrels, retail in left marked and branded by the proper officer or officers of the quantify than -revenue, unless such pilchards shall be sold by retail in lefta hanel. quantity than one barrel, and in case any fifo curer or other person or persons, shall sell or dispose of any pilchards contrary to the directions of this act, he, file, dr they shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no further or other

bounty than that which is given and granted by this act, that given by shall be claimed, paid, or allowed, for or in respect of any thisih/di pilchards for which a debenture for the bounty granted by this be paid for act has been made out, for or on account of any such pilchards ^lich Pochard*

( being exported; any thing in this or any other act or acts ofe ?01 e " parliament, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.,

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no bond or security certificate to given or tgken for salt to be used Qr employed in curing or be fubied to preserving fish, nor any certificate made out in relation to any staropduty. such salt, shall be subject to any stamp duties; any thing in this or any other act or acts of parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

998 Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. u.

[1800.

[No fee shall be taken by

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no fee, gratuitji

or reward, shall be taken or received by any officer or officers ! the revenue 0? the avenue, for or on pretence off reparing or making out

on penalty of - any bond, certificate, or permission required by this act, or for or under any other account or pretence whatever, on pain of'/*forfeiting the sum of five pounds.

( Penalty of*XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or'\ {^certifU* Persons counterfeit, Ifbrge, or alter, or cause to be coun*

' cates, &c." terfeited, forged, or altered, any certificate in any case in which a certificate is by this act required to be used, given, or granted, or fiiajl forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause to be forged, coww terfeited, or altered, any indorsement or any such certificate, every such person so offending Hull forfeit five hundred pounds. j Persons tak-|*

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That any person Of'to^beUable persons who shall be convicted of wilfully taking a false oath 1 to the penal- in any of the cases in which an oath is required to be taken / ties for per- by this act, shall be liable to the pains and penalties to which \ persons are liable for wilful and corrupt penury.

\ Penalty of

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or aool. for persons whatever shall refitt, oppose, molest, hinder, or obstruct, o^cerf any °cer or officers of the customs or excise in the due execution of this act, every such person or person so offending shall, for every such offence forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

/ Cargoes may

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be be unladen lawful for the owners or consignees of any such cargo of fish,

te<^ cured under the provisions of this act, or the mailer

proper (except any ^uch Ve^ cn any such aforesaid, under

iis to excise'this act, to discharge and unlade, and cause to be discharged officers). and unladen, all such fish as aforesaid, by such persons, and in

' v fuel! manner, and at such times and places, (except as is

provided by this act with respect to the officers of excise), a such owners, or consignees, or matters, respectively, shall judge proper j and no person or persons employed by any such owner, ! consignee, or master, in unloading any such n(h, or discharging any such vessel, shall be liable to any penalty or forfeiture, cr 1 subject to any restriction in respect thereof; and no port or other I fees or dues shall be payable or paid in respect of the un* ] loading of any such full or discharging of any such vefe', -any act or acts, law, custom, or usage, to the contrary m» r'withstanding. employed11 in - XXX- And be it briber enacted, That no person engazri

taking 1 or or employed in the taking, catching, salting, curing, or prefer'- j] curing'fish or ing, any fiffi, under the provisions of this act, or who shall b?' preparing to preparing to depart on board of or with any vessel, and nets U.voyageda the Purpose of engaging in taking, catching, faking, curing, r:

returning preserving fish, under this act, nor any person returning the re* r

' therefrom, from, shall be impressed into his Majesty's service, but ih: .!. i

dfcdVII?" ands hereby Pr*vilcged and exempted therefrom until t

eS.V.ioi. ^teenth da)* of October one thousand eight hundred and on:*upon certifi- provided always, That every such person preparing to prexr^-

care from the on any voyage or trip under this act, shall be furnished vr^: officers of the-.: -

customs. I i f

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. »2. 999

certificate from the collector or comptroller of the customs at or

near the port or place to which he may belong or reside, rhat

he is actually and bomi side preparing to proceed on such voyage

or trip, which certificate such collector or comptroller is hereby directed and required to deliver to every such person as aforesaid applying for the same, without fee or reward.

XXXI. And whereas by an act9 made in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for tranI- Bounty gr /erring the management of the salt duties to the of ed by 38^10 of excise, and for repealing the duties on salt, and the draw- 3* c-9* o*1 backs, allowances, and bounties paid thereout, and for grant- difeomin^ed"8 ing other duties, drawbacks, allowances, and bounties, thereon, until Oct. a bounty of two shillings and eight-pence was granted on every barrel 1801. of white herrings, containing thirty-two galions, which floculd be duly exported to parts beyond the seas: and whereas it is expedient that the Jiaid bounty should be discontinued for a limited time$ be it therefore enacted, That the said bounty shall be discontinued until the fifteenth day of 'October one thousand eight hundred and one, save and except any arrears of bounty that may be due before the passing of this act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, Recovery and and forfeitures, imposed by this act, shall be sued for, recovered, aPPhcaUOH of levied, or mitigated, by such ways, means, or methods, aspena eS* any fine, penalty, or forfeiture pay be sued for, recovered,

fcvied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excil'e, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of ^exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and rhat one moiety of any such tine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heir's and successors, and the other moiety to him, or them, who will inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall commence and take effect from the day on which the same shall receive the royal afient, and shall remain and continue in force until the fifteenth day of October one thousand eigh£ hundred and one.

CAP. XXII.

An act to authorise his Majesty to appoint commissioners for the more effectual examination of accounts of publick expenditure for his Majesty's forces in the West Indies during the present war.

[Dec. 31, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that provision should be made for the speedy and effectual examination on the spot of the counts of the several commissaries and ether persons in publish gmployments, who have been or who may be entrufed with the expenditure of the publish money during the present war, in ar4y of the islands in the West Indies, or with any of his Majesty's forces serving out of this kingdom > for the information of the commfihngrs Vqu XWI. Ttt fir

His Majesty may appoint five of for examining

zoooo Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 22. [1800.

for auditting the publick accounts, and for the better enabling of the said of to investigate such accounts, be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com* noons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to nominate and appoint, by commission under the great seal of Great Britain, such and such number of persons* not exceeding five, to be of for the accounts examining and investigating the publick accounts, of all the com* riesa^others m^ar*es anc^ other persons who have been or who may be concern* employed in inhc expenditure of publick monies during the present war, in the West any of the islands in the West Indies, or who have been or may be Indies and on employed with any of his Majesty's forces, on any foreign \dce'gand serv*cc or station, and making reports thereon, to the com* making reports missioners for auditing the publick accounts: provided always, thereon to the That the governor, or in the absence of the governor, the of lieutenant governor, or person acting as governor, and the nTbHck ac2 commander in chief of his Majesty's forces for the time being, counts.* if any such there be in the island or place where any investigauon The governor, under the authority of this act shall take place, and where See., of the such of shall for the time being aft in the cx* al waysbe one ccut*onbeir °ces> shall be of the number of such commissioners.

The treasury

II. And be it further enacted, That the lord high treasurer, officers and the of of the treasury, or any three of them for clerks to assist the time being, shall be, and he or they are hereby authorised the commit- to appoint such officers and clerks and other persons, to aid and assist such of as aforesaid, in the execution of their offices, as shall appear to them to be necesliry from time to time, with such salaries to each as they shall judge proper, and to allow such reasonable sums as to them shall leem fit, from time to time, for incidental charges to be incurred therein; and such officers, clerks, and other persons, shall not in any case whatever be entitled to, or take, or receive, any fees, gratuities, or perquisites whatever.

III. And be further enacted, That the said of, or any two of them, shall be, and they are hereby authorised and required to call before-them by precepts, under the hands

concerned in of any two or mark, of such of, all persons who shall theexpendi- in any case have been concerned in the expenditure of anr

°*P; 1 " publick money, or who shall have been in anyway concerned

lick monies,

or in furnish- in the supplying or furmlhing any money, bills, provinons,

fog stores, &c. (lores, or other articles for the publick service, or any person who in their judgement may be likely to give useful information

on the subject of any enquiry which may be depending in any such island or place aforesaid, or in negotiating bills, and the agents, clerks, and servants of any such persons aforesaid,

to attend upon them personally from time to time, as they Cud

be required, and to exhibit to them the said of, or

/loners, and allow them faianes.

Commissioners may call before them all persons

f I

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 22# 1001

any two or more of them, all such accounts, books, certificates, warrants, muniments, receipts, bills of exchange, notes, or other papers whatever, in the possession of any such person or persons, or of any other person or persons for him, her, or them, which to such of, or any two or more of them, shall appear to be necessary for the purpose of their examination of any expenditure of any publick monies, or for the investigation of any publick accounts, or of the rate of exchange, at which bills have been or may be drawn, or for the due execution of any of the duties imposed upon any such of aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons refus-persons summoned to appear before such of, or or^o°rocs^c^ any two of them, shall negledfc or refuse to appear before such accounts °or C 1 of as aforesaid, or any two of them, or to bring answer ques-or produce any accounts, books, certificates, warrants, muni- tions, may be ments, receipts, bills of exchange, notes, or other papers what- proceeded ever, that shall be in his, her, or their possession or custody, or in manner11 the custody or possession of any other person or persons for him, herein-her, or them, or shall refuse to answer to such of, directed* or any two of them, any question on oath or affirmation, touching or concerning any matter or thing relating to any such accounts, books, certificates, warrants, muniments, receipts, bills of exchange, or other papers, or shall refuse to answer any question on oath or affirmation, relating to any matter or thing in anywise respecting the expenditure of the publick money inquired of by the said of, or any two of them, or in the execution of their office under this act, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said of to make or cause to be made fumonary application to any court or courts of justice in any such island or place aforesaid, in that behalf, if any such court shall be then fitting, or if no such court shall be then fitting, then such application shall be made to the chief justice or other judge of any such court, and every such court or chief justice or judge respectively, is hereby authorised and ftriefty required, on such application so made as aforesaid, to issue such special process against the person or persons who shall have been guilty of such default as aforesaid, as such court or chief justice or judge may deem necessary, to compel the appearance, before such of of any such person or persons, or the production of any such accounts, books, certificates, warrants, muniments, receipts, bills of exchange, or other papers as aforesaid, or to compel such person or persons to answer any such question or questions as aforesaid; and such of may thereupon proceed upon such special process by imprisonment of the body of any such person as aforesaid, in like manner as any court or courts of record within this kingdom, haying competent authority for that purpose, may proceed against any person or persons, for any /Contempt committed against the authority of any such court.

Commissioners may take examinations on oath*

Persons giving falle evidence subject to the punishment for perjury.

1002 Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. u.

[1800.

V. Andy for the rendering more effectual all such exosmnatim as are intended to be had under this be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any such of as aforesaid, or any two of them, and they are hereby respectively authorised and required to examine upon oath, (which oath they, or any two or more of such of, are hereby authorised to administer), all persons whom they shall find occasion to call before them, and all other persons whom the said of, or any two or more of them, shall think §t to examine, touching all matters and things necessary for the due execution of the powers veiled in any such of as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any perfott or persons in the course of their examination upon oath before any such of as aforesaid, shall wilfully and corruptly give false evidence, such person or persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby de-/ dared to be subject and liable to such pains and penalties as by any law now in being in this kingdom, or by any law or laws in force for the time being, in any island or place aforesaid, where such offence shall be committed, as persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

Act not to

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That powers of the not^, n6n l^is a<^ contained shall extend, or be construed to of extend, to the preventing the commissioners for auditing the for auditing publick accounts from investigating or passing or making of any accounts, or declarations of accounts, or in any manner to the limiting the jurisdiction, or powers or authorities of the commissioners for auditing the publick accounts, or to the transferring to any of acting under the authority of this act, any of the powers or authorities of the commissioners for auditing the publick accounts, but that, on the contrary thereof, that all of acting under the authority o; this act shall act in aid only of the said of for auditing the publick accounts, and shall, from time to ti&e, whenever required so to do, by the said commission for auditing the publick accounts, or any three of them, transmit or deliver to such of for auditing the publick accounts all papers, vouchers, documents, and examinations, procured or taken in any investigation under this act, for the purpose ci enabling such of for auditing the publick account finally to audit, declare, and pass such accounts as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the said of for auditing the publick accounts to proceed therein upon any report or oftbeVommlf- any of acting under this act, signed by any three« iioners under more of any such of, in like manner, in even respect, as if the investigation of the accounts contained in r.r such report had been made in this kingdom, under and b virtue of any powers or authorities Yelled in such commit

publick accounts.

who may proceed on any report

this act, as if investigation had been made in this kingdom.

ers for auditing the publick accounts, by an act passed in

the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for better examining and auditing the public k accounts of this kingdom.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for making the port of Amsterdam in the island of Curaçao a free port.

[Dec. 31, 1800.]

WHEREAS by several alls made in the twenty seventh, thir- Preamble, tieth, thirty-first, thirtyfeiond, thirty-third) and thirty-eighth 17 Geo. 3. years of the reign of his present Majesty, it is provided, that wool,7* cotton wool, indigo, cochineal, drugs of all forts, cocoa, tobacco, ^0^c0' logwood, fiiftic, and all forts of wood fir dyers use, hides, skins, and (>co. 3, tallow, heaver and all forts of furs, tortoise Jhell, hardwood, or mill c. 3?. timber, mahogany, and all other goods for cabinet ware, horses, 3* Geo. 3. ajfes, mules, and cattle, being the growth and production of anyc* of the colonies or plantations in America, belonging to or under c. 50. and the dominion of any foreign European sovereign or fate, and 38 Geo. 3. all coin and builion, diamonds, or precious Jlones, may be importedc* 39* from any of the said colonies or plantations into the several ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, Santo Lucea, and Antonio, in the island of Jamaica, the port of Saint George in the island of Grenada, the port of Roseau in the island of Dominica, the port of Nassau in the island of New Providence one of the Bahama Jstands, and the port of Saint John's in the island of Antigua, in any foreign floop, febooner, or other vessel whatever, not having more than one deck, and owned and navigated in the manner therein prescribed, and, together with other goods and commodities mentioned in the said acts, maybe exported from thence under certain regulations and rejlrillions: and whereas it is expedient to permit the goods and commodities herein-before enumerated, to be in like^manner imported into the port of Amsterdam in the island of Curaçao, and, together with such other goods and commodities, to be in like manner exported from thence; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, all The goods the goods and commodities herein-before enumerated and de- nfcTate^may feribed, shall and may be imported into the port of Amsterdam be imported in the island of Curaçao in the like foreign ships and vessels, into the port and, together with such other goods and commodities mentioned of Amsterdam in the said acts, or any of them, be exported from thence to such^"raa^ part of his Majesty's dominions to which the exportation of the exported from same is permitted by any of the said acts, under the same, rules, thence with regulations, and restrictions, and subject to the like penalties and forfeitures for breach thereof, to be recovered and applied fioned^fthe in the manner in the said adh or any of them mentioned and recited adh contained.

[Preamble.]

33 Geo. 3. c. 4.

38 Geo. 3. c. 50. & 77.

Continuance of recited acts*

CAP. XXIV.

An act for continuing, until six months after the conclusion of a general peace, three acts, made in the thirty-third and thirty-eighth years of his present Majesty's reign, for establishing regulations respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases.

[Dec. 31, 1800.]

WHEREAS an act was made in the thirty-third year if tie reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for eiti-blishing regulations respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or resident therein in certain cases, which was to he in fret until the first day of January one thousand fmn hundred and ninety four, and from thence to the end of the then next fefan of parliament; and which by several subsequent acts was mtkued until the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and miy* nine: and whereas by two acts, made in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, the said act was amrJtd, and further continued until the first day of August one th ud eight hundred, and from thence to the end of the then next j fix of parliament: and whereas the said acts, made in the thirt\*i:; >ri and thirty-eighth years of the reign of his present Majesty, hole las found useful and expedient \ be it therefore enacted by the King's mofk excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said acts, made in the thirty* third and thirty-eighth years of the reign of his present Majesty, and all the powers and provisions therein contained shall be, and the same are hereby further continued until six months after the conclusion of a general peace.

CAP. XXV.

An act for allowing the importation of undressed hemp from any of the countries that lie within the limits of the exclusive trade of the East India company free of duty.

[Dec. 31, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

From Jan. 1, 1801, undreflect hemp from the countries within the ex-clolive trade of the East India com-

WHEREAS it is expedient that the importation of undnjii hemp, or any other vegetable fu fiance of the nature oil quality of undressed hemp, and applicable to the same ptirp: ir. % being of the growth or proiuftion of any of the countries within the limits of the exclusive trade of the East India company, fi/J be encouraged\ be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Ipintual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of January*one thousand eight hundred and one, alien-dressed hemp, or any other vegetable substance of the ruuure and quality of undressed hemp, and applicable to the same purposes, being of the growth or production of any of the countries within the limits of the exclusive trade of the EojI Ida

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. 1005

company, may be imported into this kingdom, in <he same P*}Y> m*y manner, and under the like rules, regulations, and restrictions, ^Jny^ther as any other goods or commodities, the produce of the said Jfree countries, may now by law be imported, without being subject from duty, or liable to any duty whatever; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein "ft the contained shall prevent or hinder the united company °^ny maywcfve merchants of England trading to the East Indies, from demanding the duty pay- and receiving any duty or allowance now due and payable able to them, to the said company by virtue of any act or acts of parliament.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for continuing, until the first day of June one thousand eight hundred and one, the several acts for regulating the turnpike roads in Great Britain, which expire at the end of the present session of parliament.

[Dec. 31, iSoo.J

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the several alls for making.

amending, and repairing the turnpike roads in Great Britain, which will expire at the end of the present session of parliament,

should he continued for a limited time $ be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and witH the advice and Arts For mak-consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this ing and represent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same* pairing tum-That all and every act and acts of parliament for making, amending, and repairing, any turnpike roads in Great Britain, expire at the which w ill expire at the end of the present session of parliament, end of the shall be, and the same is and are hereby continued until the first present session, day of June one thousand eight hundred and one. Unued until"

CAP. XXVII. June 1, 1801.

An act for extending the time for the payment of certain sums of money advanced by way of loan to several persons connected with and trading to the islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

[Dec. 31, 1800.]

CAP. XXVIII.

An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several acts made in the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth years of the reign of his present Majesty, and in the last session of parliament, for the redemption and purchase of the land tax.

[Dec. 31, 1800.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that several of the powers and Preamble provisions contained in the several afis for the redemption of the land tax should be explained and enlarged \ be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority

ioo6 Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 28.

[180: 1

Where (lock

of the same, That, where any bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or other person or persons, have transferred, or nay hereafter transfer, to the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt, on account of the redemption of land tax, any consolidated or reduced three pounds per centum bank annuities, which ought not to be transferred for that purpose, then and in of ca^e> upon a certificate signed by any three or more of the for the reduc- of for the affairs of taxes, that such bankmnuitie ought not to have been so transferred, it shall be lawful for the said of for the reduction of the national debt, or any one or more of them, and they or he are or is hereby required to re-transfer the said bank annuities unto the bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or other person or persons by whom the same were transferred to them, and wherever it shall appear to the satisfaction of the said of for the affairs of taxes, that any sum or sums of money shall have been of paid to any receiver general or his deputy, on account of the

is transferred for the redemption of land tax, which ought not to have been, the

tion of the national debt may, on certificate from the commissioners for taxes, retransfer the same, and the latter

may order money, paid improperly to receiver generals for such redemption, to be repaid to the parties.

39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 30. # f. 10, recited, and the proviso extended to purchases made before the parting of the atf, and so much thereof as makes the persons entitled to the rents chirge-

fedemption of land tax, which ought not to have been so paid, then it shall be lawful for the said of for the affairs of taxes, or any three or more of them, to order and direct such receiver general or his deputy to repay all such monies to the bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or other person or persons who shall appear to have paid the same, and the receipt and receipts of such bodies politick or corporate, or companies* and other person or persons, shall be /iffifot discharges for such bank annuities so re-transferred, or monies so repaid as aforesaid, and all such dividends and arrears or dividend shall be issued from the receipt of the exchequer, and be payable at the bank of England, for and in respect of the hid bank annuities which shall be so re-transferred by the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt, to any bod es politick or corporate, or companies, or other person or persons as aforesaid, as would have been payable thereon, in case tire same bank annuities had not been transferred to the said lad mentioned of.

II. And whereas by an act passed in the last session effarknuri, intituled An act for extending, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, the period ot' preference, granted and continued by several acts to be, :* corporate and persons, for the redemption of land tax, and for enlarging several of the powers contained in the said acts, itn enabled, That when the r ever fun of any manors, meffuagts, mu, tenements, or hereditaments, holden by any lease, which it fuhjiti 11 any will or set clement, shall be purchased by or with the frtur monies of the person or persons for the time being henficialh t&vi to the rents or pt of is thereof, the immediate fates end vieujk -i well as the reversion expectant thereon, shall be charged ilA^id

able with the f made subject to, the re-payment of the principal money to healvjzA interest accrued during for the Purchase of Jtich reversion, with iKlertjt for the jm, as tkt

their ertate of appointed by Utters patent under the guss fid jhd

thciiinshall*dirts}:

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 1007

dirrfl: provided., that the persons entitled successively to the rents and DOt extend

prof. its of such manors, mrjfuages, lands, tenements1 and hereditaments r effectively shall he made chargeable with the interest accrued during money for his or her estate therein, and that no greater arrear than for one the purchase year shall be recoverable against any person who shall become entitled of reversions in remainder for interest accrued during the estate or term of any person or persons entitled to any preceding estate or interest in the ieafC{J with premises: now be it enacted and declared, That the said lad their own recited provision shall extend to purchases, and contracts for monies, or purchases, made or entered into before the passing of the said ^nts of the last recited act, as well as to those made and entered into estate> unjcfff after the passing thereof: provided nevertheless. That so much they consent of the said provision, as makes the person entitled to the rents thereto; and and profits of such mahors, messuages, lands, tenemenrs, and fon8U<hall hereditaments, chargeable with the interest accrued during his become pur-or her estate therein, shall not extend to the case of any chalersot such person advancing money for the purchase of any such reversiem, reversions and who shall not be liable to any covenant, engagement, or not figmfy inch condition to renew-the Jeafe at the accustomed periods, with reversiem ftiaTI his or her own monies, or with or out of the rents and profits be chargeable of the estate, unless he or die shall consent thereto in writing; with the and in case any such person, not being liable as aforesaid, interest to now hath, or shall hereafter become the purchaser of such from^hV'firne reversion, and not signify such consent, the said reversion shall of purchase be chargeable with intered, to accumulate from the time of till the expi-such purchase till the expiration of the exiding lease, after ration of the dedurfting-out of such intered the annual rent (if any) which £*, n* c9shall be payable during the Jease, and which shall have been purchased with the reveifion.

III. And whereas, by the act passed in the thirty - eighth year of&peo' the reign of his present Majesty for purchasing. and redeeming the c* °* land tax, it was enacted, That the manors, messuages, lands, tenements,

or hereditaments, which should be sold by auction according to the provisions thereof, Jlmhi be exempt from any duty payable on sales by authors-> but doubts have been entertained, whether the said duty No auction ought not to be paid in respect of the surplus money arising by such sales, where the produce exceeds the sums required to be raijedfor any part of the purposes of the said act: now, for removing such doubts, be monies anting it enacted and declared, That no duty shall be payable in respect by sale of of any part of the monies arising by sale of any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which already (t of the have been or shall hereafter be sold under the powers or pro- of visions contained in any of the aefts relating to the redemption for the pur-and purchase of land tax, with the consent and approbation P°^C8 of any of the of appointed by warrant under the toth^redemp-royal sign manual, or by letters patent under the great leal of tion of the - Great Britain, for the purposes of such respective acts. land tax.

IV. And be it further enacted, That any deed or deeds re- Deedscnrolied, quired by the said acts, or any of them, to be enrolled or within fix registered, shall he valid and effectual, although the same shall

hot hive been enrolled or registered within the periods pre- mail be

Tcribed valid.

ioo8 Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 28. [1800.

scribed by the said'acts, provided the same be enrolled or registered within six calendar months after the paSng of this adfc.

ter tons who V. And be it further enacted, That all persons, bodies, cor-haV^> Poradons, or companies, who, in their contracts for the rc-

m option to comPrj°n land tax> have declared an option to be confided be confulered on the footing of persons not interested in the manors, mef-on the foot- fuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, comprized io ing of persons such contracts, and who, by an act passed in the thirty-ninth

From what period* the lands shall be exonerated from tax.

not interested an(j fortjeth years of the reign of his present Majesty, were

may apply to allowed to make application to the respective commissionert the commis- appointed under the King's sign manual, at any time within sioners for the space of three calendar months from the twenty-fifth day the fame from March one thousand eight hundred, for the purpose of land t*x, exonerating the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, within fix and hereditaments from land tax, shall be at liberty to make months from application for that purpose to the said of Dec.ij, 1800. respectively at any time within the space of six calendar months from the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred; and that all such acts, matters, and things shall be done by such persons, bodies, corporations, and companies respectively, for the purpose of exonerating the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments from land tax, as by the said last mentioned act are required to be done in like cases, within the period of three months, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred: provided always, That in all cases where no additional consideration shall be to be transferred or paid for such exoneration, the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments (half be exonerated from the said land tax only from the end of the quarter next preceding the day of the date of the certificate of the said of indorsed upon the comradt where the declaration of the option therein shall be struck out by them, or next preceding the day of the date of the contract, where the said of shall refeind the contract in which the option shall have been declared, and shall grant a new contnd; and in all cases where an additional consideration shall be, to be transferred or paid for such exoneration, the said manors, messuages, -lands, tenements, and hereditaments, shall be exonerated from the land said tax only from the end of the quarter next preceding the day of the transfer dr payment of such additional consideration.

VI. And whereas by an act passed in the thirty-ninth okIferlitf fc. 0. years of hi* Majestfs reign, intituled An act for extending, from recited; and the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred, where the until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred

revrrii ners ancj one> the period of preference, granted and continued by

tied 'to' the11* several acts to bodies corporate and persons, for the redemption rents reserved, of land tax, and for enlarging several of the powers contained the persons so in the said acts, it is enabled, That it shall be lawful fsr t!l

t Ci

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 28, 1009

and every person or persons, who is or are or /kali, for the /#wf entitled may being, be entitled to the immediate reversion or remainder in any J-jee0f the manors, me Judges, lands, tenements, or hereditaments which shall lands. have been granted by any former owner or owners, for any beneficial lease or leases, or by any copy or copies of court roll, or by any other grant, according to the cu/lom of any manor, for life or lives, or years absolute, or years determinable upon any life or lives, to fell and difpefe of the fee fiw.ple and inheritance of any such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, end hereditaments, subject to the fu Ip fling interefs of the respective hjfoes, copyholders, or other cujlcmary tenefnts, for the purpeje of raising money for the redemption of land tax as therein mentioned, in like manner and under the like r/frictions as he, she, or they could or might have done, in case such subsisting leasehold and copyhold cjiates and inter ells had been granted by him, her, or them: K

now be it enacted, Thor where such immediate reversion or remainder is or shall be veiled in any mortgagee or mortgagees* trustee or trustees, or other person or persons not being in the actual receipt or perception of and beneficially entitled to the rents and services referred* or due or payable in respect of such subsisting interests, then*and in such case it shall be lawful for the person or persons who is, or are* or shall, for the time being, be in the actual receipt or perception oh and beneficially entitled to, such rents and services, to sell and dispose of the fee iirnple and inheritance of such manors, mefijnges, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, subject, to the subsisting interefis for the purpose of and under the icllridtions mentioned or referred to in the said last recited act, but nevertheless without prejudice to the rights and interests of such trullee or truflccs, mostgigee or mortgagees, or other person or persons in whom the immediate reversion or remainder shall be vested.

VII. And be it further enacted, That where any person or persons hath redeemed or shall hereafter redeem Ins, her, o^thefrland

their land tax by or out of his, her, or their own persona! cllate, tax by any

or by or out of any trull property applicable to such re-other means

demption by virtue of the said act, or by any other means ! 11^!ale'fcc*

r, r i, J J.or demand

than by sale, mortgage, or grant to be made under the nn ^fi^nment

provisions of the said acts; and also where any such person from purchas.

or persons shall be entitled under the act passed in the thirty-ers, they may

eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, on the determination

of any precedent elfate, to demand an alignment of any contract w«iy as person.

for the redemption of land tax from the person or persons who authorised to»

shall have entered into the same, his, her, or their executors, reclt-ein the

administrators, or alsigns, it shall be lawful for all and every such person or persons, either for the purpose of reimbursing all sums laid out in the redemption of such land tax, or for the purpose of raising money to pdrehafe the alignment of any

contract from the proprietor or proprietors thereof, to carry

into execution all and every or any of the powers by the said several acts given in order to raise money by mortgage for the redemption of land-tax, in such and the same manner, and

under and subject to such and the same rules, restrictions, and

ioio Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 29, [1800,

regulations in all respects, as such person or persons would b; \ been authorised by the said several acts to carry ioto execution the same powers for the purpose of redeeming any such land Mortgage tax in the first instance: provided always, That the W

paid under mortgage money shall not be paid into the bank of England

order of the hut mall, under the order of the of who shall be of authorised the mortgage, be paid to the person or persons endtld whoauthonf- |0 the benefit thereof, whole receiptor receipts, in pursuance of gage, to the order> as fully and effectually discharge the ooit-

persons enti- gagee or morgagees as the receipt or receipts of the cashier tied to the of the bank of England would have done, in case the lame had

benefit there- been paid into the bank pursuant to the directions of the

remainder paid a<^s»hut the remainder only (if any) of such mortgage

into the bank, money shall, in pursuance of such order, be paid into the bank of England to the same account, and shall he applied in die9same manner, and the cashiers of the bank, or one of them, Jj are or is hereby required to give a receipt for the same, and to cause the same to be inverted in the purchase of three pounds per centum bank annuities, as if the whole mortgage money had been paid into the bank of England in pursuance of the said acts.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for further continuing, until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and seven, an act, made in the thirty-seventh vear of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better prevention and punishment of attempts to seduce persons serving in his Majesty's forces, by sea or land, from their duty and allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite them to mutiny or disobedience.

[Dec. 31, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

3; Geo. 3. c. 70.

Incited art fh til be continued until Aug

WHEREAS an act was passed in the thirtyfmnthym if tot reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better prevention and punishment of attempts tofcduce persons (mir; in his Majesty's forces by sea or land from their duty aoc allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite them to mutiny or disobedience, which was to continue in force until the ex firs:, of one month after the commencement of the then next fejfm eftc-liament \ and which said act was further continued by feverj sih of the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth years of the reign if'; prfnt Majesty, and of the last fejfm of parliament, until tbtty-ration of six weeks after the commencement of the present jtft parliament: and whereas the said first mentioned ah hat hen j)\u useful and expedient: may it therefore please your Majesty tna: may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and wirh the advice and consent of the lords tp-.ritual and* temporal, and commons, in this present parliament j i> 1807. assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the tau j

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. 0, 30, 31. 1011

" 1 first mentioned a A shall be, and the same is hereby further -1 continued until the first day of August one thousand eight hudred and seven.

CAP. XXX.

An act for explaining and amending an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for erecting a lazaret on Chetney Hill, in the county of Kent, and for reducing into one act the laws relating to quarantine; and for making further provisions therein, as far as regards the payment of the tonnage duty in the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man.

[Dec. 31, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

: a Al^O remove all doubts whether ships or vessels arriving in the

X islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, which shall have to perform quarantine, shall be liable to the same tonnage

duty as by an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled,

An act for erecting a lazaret on Chetney Hill in the county of 39 & 40 Geo. a1 Kent, and for reducing into one aft the laws relating to 3-c.o.

quarantine, and for making further provisions therein, are imposed upon ships and vessels so arriving in this kingdom; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of Prom January % January one thousand eight hundred and one, there shall be 5» there

raised, levied, cohered, and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and J^der the*

' fticceflors, the several and respective duties of customs per ton recited act,

burthen, which are in the said act imposed on ships and vessels the same so arriving in this kingdom, upon all ships and vessels wh duties of

shall so arrive in the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, vefl^rarriring or Man, in like manner in every respect whatsoever, as if the in Guernsey, said Hlands had been mentioned in the said act for that Jersey, &c. purpose; and such tonnage duties may be reduced, and may as ?n.ve*Fe, i

' again be raised and increased, and shall be collected, paid, th!sVkingdom.

recovered, accounted for, and applied, in the same manner as^the tonnage duties imposed by the said act: provided always, f That the owner of every such ship or vessel may demand and receive the just and reasonable contribution on the goods imported '[ therein, in the manner prescribed by the said act.

CAP. XXXI.

indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for those purposes, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and one; to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or having been stamped, have been lost or

1012 Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 32.[i8w.

mislaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and one, to provide admissions duly stamped; to permit such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first day of Michaelmas term one thousand eight hundred and one; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerics of the peace within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for that purpose, until the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and one.

CAP. XXXII.

An act for further continuing, until six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, several acts made in the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth years of his present Majesty's reign, and in the last session of parliament, for empowering his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his person and government.

[Dec, Jl, 1800.]

WHEREAS an act was passed on the twenty-eighth istj tf February one thousand eight hundred, intituled An act for further continuing, until the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and one, an act made in the lad fclfm of parliament, intituled, 'An act, fur further continuing until the first day of March one thousand eight hundred, an act made in the la ft session of parliament, intituled, "An act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall lufpecf are conspiring against his person and govern men r, " which at! was to continue in force until th prf <hj tf/' February one thousand eight hundred and one, and ns Ir.yr; and whereas it is rcceffury for the publick safely that the prtrjiw of the said act pajj.d on the twenty-eighth day of February m thousand right hunch Jlmld be continued: be it therefore enacted by the fling's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, Persons imn Prc^ent Par^aa, ent assembled, and by the authority of pdfi^neVfbr ^nat every person who shall be in prison within ihe

high treason, kingdom of Great Britain at or upon the day on which this act See. maybe shall receive his Majesty fs royal afier.t, or at any time after that

det lined till day, by warrant oi his said Majesty's most honourable privy

atteTthe8* council, signed by fix of the said privy counfrl, or by warm iicxt meeting signed by any of his Majesty's principal secretaries of thre, fur ot parliament, high treason, suspicion of high treason, or tressonable practices, may be detained in lafe custody, without bail or mampnze, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament; and that no judge or jdftict of the peace shall bail or try any such person so commuted, without order from his said Majesty's privy council, fistned by fix of the said privy council, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament; 3nrl3tr cr Statute to the contrary not with (landing,

VM

[Preamble.]

39 &4o Geo. 3. c. 20.

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 32. 1013

II. And be it further enacted, That the act made in Scotland Adt in Scotland f in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and one,

f intituled An act for preventing wrongous imprisonment, and against wrongous im-j undue delays in trials, in so far as the same may be construed to prisonment, so a relate to pases of treason and suspicion of treason, be suspended far as may re-

2 until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament; and that until the said day no judge, pended till ilx £ justice of the peace, or other officer of the law in Scotland, shall weeks after liberate, try, or admit to bail, any person or persons that is, are, the next or shall be, in prison within Scotland, for such causes as aforesaid, ^lUmcnL without order from his said Majesty's privy council, signed by fix p of the said privy council.

III. Provided always, That, from and after the expiration weekaafter six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parlia- the ncXf " ment, the said persons so committed shall have the benefit and meeting of advantage of all laws and statutes any way relating to or provid- parliament, v ing for the liberty of the subjects of this realm. m^tT^to^uve

the benefit of all laws providing for the liberty of the subject,

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Privileges of r act shall be construed to extend to invalidate the ancient rights J and privileges in parliament, or to the imprisonment or detaining by this act.

of any member of either house of parliament, during the sitting of such parliament, until the matter of which he stands suspected be first communicated to the house of which he is a member, and the consent of the said house obtained for his commitment or detainer.

V. Provided nevertheless, That any person or persons in Persona against prison at the time of passing this act, against whom any bill or nienrTfoHii/fi: bills of indictment for high treason have been already found, shall treason arc 'and may be tried on such indictment, as if this act had never already found, passed. to be tried

VI. And whereas divers persons are now in custody on charges^hereon.

high treason, suspicion of high treason, and treafinable practices, under; warrants from one of his Majesty's principalfsecretaries of /late, and who have heenfecured and detained in custody under the authority of; the said recited atis; and it may be highly important that such persons as have been or shall be secured and detained on such charges, under the authority of the said recited acts or of this ah, should be kept wholly; fiparate and apart from each other, so as to prevent all communica- tion between them and with other persons, except such communication as his Majesty may think fit to permit, and under such restrictions at; may be advi/eable; and it has been found by experience to be very.difficult to keep such persons separate as aforesaid\ and to prevent such communication as aforesaid, without fending such persons to different places of confinement; and doubts may arise how far the powers of his Majesty's principal secretaries of slate, to change the places of t confinement of persons so committed extends, and it is expedient to provide that the same shall not be so exerc'tfed as to deprive the persons so committed of any right to be tried or discharged, which they might respectively have had if their respective places of confinement had not been /changed: now, to obviate all doubts and difficulty.in respedi

1014 Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 32, [1800.

The secretary thereof, be it further enacted and declared, That it shall be law-of state may for one Of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, as be comrmtted for fee occasion, to order any person committed to any go!,

high treason, or other prison, on any charge of high treason, suspicion of h &c. to be re- treason, or treasonable practices, either before or after indi&iwit moved to any foun(^ to be conveyed to and detained in any other gaol or ot er gao. ot^er pj ifon, until discharged by due course of law, and to ilk all warrants necessary for such purposes: provided always oever-PeiTons so re- theless, That no person who shall be removed by any such war-b^depdvedofrant aforesaid, shall be, by means of such removal, deprived right to1 beuch r»gkt to be tried or discharged, as such person would by tried or dii-.law have been entitled to if not so removed; and in every case charged. in which any such person would have been entitled to have beta tried or discharged if such person had continued in the gaol oc prison to which such person was before committed, it th'lawful for such person to apply to be bailed or discharged, in the same manner as such person might have done if such pcribn had remained in the gaol or prison to which such person was before committed as aforesaid.

VII. And whereas in the disturbed state of the kingdom ofh&wi, it has beefs feund necessary to fend divers persons who have seen emitted to prison in Ireland on charges of high treason, Just: cm tf rf treason, or treasonable practicts, to Great Britain for Jofecuihij, W for the purpose ofpreventing improper intercourse between fuel) petjw and other persons engaged, or suspected of being engaged, in the ar? treasons or treasonable pra Bices \ and it may be found txpt&tnt ti Persons sent feri(] 0^£r persons to Great Britain under like cirtumfoneer, be GrMt^Critaiii5 enacted, That every person who hath been fentto GrtatBn-for fafecusto. tain as aforesaid, before the passing of this act, and every person dy, may be whe, after the passing of this act, shall be sent to Greet Brim such 1U s ^ur custody> ^y order tl'e ^ord lieutenant or governor his Majesty8 Sencra^> or olher chief governor or chief governors of hard, shall think fit, and of fix or more of his Majesty's privy council of the ud provided they kingdom, shall and may be detained in custodyin this kingdom, a^hh*r?C<1 ^h l^are cu^ody» as to h*5 Majesty shall feeoi fit;

ticafon See Prov*ded such person shall be charged with high treason, fop: -by warrant of cion of high treason, or treasonable practices, by warrant uni*; a secretary of the hand and seal of one of his Majesty's principal fccrcuricid Itate. state.

But no tht-

VIII. Provided always nevertheless, That no person fell k

son shall be detained as aforesaid, so as to prevent the trial or difehatj; c:

to*!* vent his Per^, nn due course of law, whenever such person ilu', hr trial or dii- the 1*W ^tlaa^ be entitled to such trial or dischargej bu: charge when all cases in which any person so detained would by the la* a entitled there- Ireland, if in custody in that kingdom, be entitled to be tried er to by the law discharged, it shall be lawful for such person to apply to therein #1 Irtlan.bench in England, or to any judge of fiat court, or to

the court of justiciary in Scotland> or to aoyjuJgeof that court, to be discharged; and if it shall appear to inch court, or to ui jpdge, that such person, if In custody in Ireland, would be wt iVi So be tried or discharged, itihall be jawful for such court or to;

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo primo Georgii III. c. 32. 1015

judge, to order such person to be discharged, or to be lent to Ireland, to be dealt with according to law.

IX. And whereas many persons engaged in the late rebellion in Ireland, and in other treasonable practices there, have fled from Ireland,

are now in Great Britain j and other persons may come from Ireland to Great Britain under the like circumstanas \ and it may be expedient not only to arrest such persons for the purpose offending them to Ireland to be tried for such offences, but olfo to secure and detain such persons in Great Britain until they can be properly fentto Ireland to be tried or discharged in due course of law: be it further enacted.

That It shall be lawful for one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, by warrant under his hand and seal, to order any persons

person who shall be in custody upon any charge of high treason, in custody for suspicion of high treason, or treasonable practices, done or com- high treason,

xnitted in Ireland, to be secured or detained in Great Britain until

such person can be properly sent to Ireland, to be tried or discharged in due course of law. Great Britain.

X. Provided always nevertheless, That no person shall be But no person detained as aforesaid (o as to prevent the trial or discharge of such shall be de-person in due course of law, whenever such person shall by the tamed so as to laos Ireland be entitled to such trial or discharge; but in all £rkUrdif-cases in which any person so detained would by the law of Ireland, charge when if in custody in that kingdom, be entitled to be tried or discharged, entitled there# it shall be lawful for such person to apply to the court of king's t(^by the law bench in England, or to any judge of that court, or to the court01 an*of judiciary in Scotland, or to any judge of that court, tabe discharged; and if it shall appear to such court or to such judge

that such person, if in custody in Ireland, would be entitled to be tried or discharged, it shall be lawful for such court or such judge to order such person to be discharged, or to be sent tojreland to be dealt with according to law.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue in Continuance force until the expiration of six weeks after the commencementofa^'

of the next session of parliament, and no longer.

PUBLIC LOCAL and PERSONAL ACTS,

Cap. 1.

I. An act to continue, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two acts, passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty, King George the Second, and the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Towcester, through Silverston and Backley in the county of Northampton, and Ardley and Middleton Stoney, to Weston Gate, in the parish of Weston on the Green, in the county of Oxford.

Cap. 2.

2. An act to continue for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and enlarge the powers, of two acts, passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from a place called The Old Gallows, in the parish of Sunning, in the county of Berks, through Wokingham, New Bracknowl, and Sunning Hill, to Virginia Water, in the parish of Egham, in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 3.

3. An act for the better relief of the poor in the city of Edinburgh, and the suburbs thereof, and certain districts adjoining thereto.

[Dec, 22, 1800.]

WHEREAS the present scarcity and high price of all kind of provisions render it necessary that immediate relief ani aixinoe should be given to great numbers of the poor inhabitants of rtf city of Edinburgh and the suburbs thereof, and districts adjoining the reto: and whereas doubts have arisen whether the laws nowr in Being r fuIndent to carry into complete execution the said salutary purp-'ie: may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be cnaftei, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by anJwith the and confer, t of the lords lpicitual and temporal, and codbou e this present parliament aft'em: led, and by the au: hori»y of the ha:, That the lord provost, magistrates, and town councilor the kid <r* of Edinburgh, ordinary and extraordinary, for the tune berp, together with the lord-lieutenant of the county of Miel-Lortua.r.? lord president of the court of session, the lord chief baron of court of exchequer, the lord advocate of Scotland, the icoior - ' of the court or session, the feuior baton of the court 01 lord justice clerk, the senior judge of the court of justiciary, the v!.^general of Scotland, the dean of the faculty of advocate*, the and depute keeper of the signet, the president of the fjcicty ot lo > -before the supreme courts of Scotland, the mailer of the com: r-'merchants, the chairthan and deputy chairman of the chimfc: > commerce, the president of the royal college of phyrichns. the th'* j depute of the county, the principal of the university, the rcu -I 1 jnimfters of the ten parishes of the city and of the piriUicsa u>f-1

1800.] 41 GEO. III. c. 3*. 1017

*a*e and Saint Cuthberts, the of of the eight south districts .7Jj idling under the authority of an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, the resident bailies of Cahongate,

the resident bailies of Portsburgh, the (lent matters of the city, the president of the society of solicitors before the inferior courts of the city and county, and the persons corapofing the general committee of contributors appointed to manage and di (tribute the voluntary subscriptions raised during the present year for the relief of the poor of the city and suburbs of Edinburgh, shall be trustees and commissioners for the purpose of carrying into execution this present act; any five of whom regularly assembled at their dated times and places of meeting being hereby appointed to be a quorum.

II. And be it enacted, That the said trustees and commissioners above named shall have power to raise and levy from the inhabitants ofr the said city of Edinburgh, including the extended royalty thereof, the cattle and that part of Princes Street over which the royalty does not extend, together with the following suburbs and surrounding districts,

videlicet, Canongate, Calton, Saint Ninians-Row, Leith-Street, Leith Terrace, Saint James's Square, Saint James's Street, East Register Street,

West Register Street, Gabriel's Road, Leith Walk, both sides, (excepting that part of it lying within the parish of Leith) Broughton, Broughton Loan, Bonington, and the whole properties lying upon the south side of the water of Leith, from Bonington wejhvard to Coltbridge, the Dean, Whitehouse, Cattle Barns and adjacent build-, 1 lags, Fountain Bridge, Lochrin, Wrights Houses, Barrowmuirhead, the \ properties on both Tides of the road from Wrights Houses to Bir- rowmuirhead, extending towards the east until they join the propel tics included in the south districts, Portsburgh, Toll Cross, the districts ', j known by the name of the Eight South Districts, deformed in an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, Saint John's hill, Pleasance, Abbyhill, including Crofrangry and Clockmish, y. a sum not exceeding ten thousand pounds sterling; and that by a (tent or aflettraent according to their estimation of the annual lubftr, nce of such inhabitants.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, that the inhabitants of the said city and places aforesaid, possessed of heritable estates situated in other parishes and districts, shall be (tented or attdfed by the said

trustees and of according to the best of their judgement and discretion, in the same manner as other persons always giving deduction for any parochial attettment for the poor which they pay in respect of their said heritable estates.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no person shall, be attetted in virtue of this act for or in respect of their annual y substance, who have not bedn attetted by the commissioners for carrying into execution the several acts of parliament passed fer raising a fi tax upon income.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said trustees and commissioners Xl shall keep regular minutes of their proceedings; and for that and other purposes shall have power to elect clerks and secretaries, who shall act without fee or reward.

VI. And be it further enacted, That for the more spee ly and effectual making and apportioning the said (lent or assessment, the said trustees 'j. and of shall meet within the merchants hall of the city of Edinburgh, on the twenty-fourth day of December, in this present, year one thousand eight hundred, and shall have power to adjourn from'time to time, and to such places as they shall judge proper; and that J at such first and adjourned meetings the majority of the said trustees and commissioners present shall mike such orders and regulations for carrying into execution this present act as to them shall seem proper,

the same being always confident with the laws of the land as in force

1018 Public Local and Personal Acts [1800.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said trustees and commissioners, at their said first or any adjourned general meeting, to divide themselves into committees of not less than five, three of whom to be a quorum, who shall have powers to prepare a sketch or scheme of the said assessment upon such districts as shall be assigned to them by the general meetings, which sketches the said committees shall report to a general meeting of the said trustees and commissioners, who shall have power, and are hereby ordered and required to revise, correct, and amend the same according to the best of their discretion and judgement; and that from the schemes so amended, the said trustees and commissioners, in their general meetings, shall make out a general rectified scheme of assessment, which shall be the rule for levying the said sum of ten thousand pounds upon the inhabitants of the said city and places aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said trustees and commissioners, at their first or any adjourned general meeting, shaft hue power to name a colle&cir or coUc&ors for the purposes of levying and ( receiving the said assessment, who shall have power to grant receipt*

for the same; and the said money shall hmaster be paid of the collectors to a general treasurer, to be appointed by the said trustees and commissioners, in order that the same may be applied under the direction of the said trustees or of, for the relief of poor and indigent persons and families within the said city aodptaotf aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, That the said trustees and commissioners shall take such security from the said general treasurer and collectors they shall think proper.

X. And be it enacted, That if any person aflcflVd under them* thority of this act shall refuse to pay their proportion of fee bid act!Ament laid upon him by the said trustees and commissioncn, it shall be lawful for any two or more of the said trusteci and commissioners, or a quorum of them, to issue their warrant or warrants for levying! the said assessment in the same manner u the raw for lighting the said city are authorised to be levied and recovered bp an act made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

XI. And whereas the college of justice have agreed upon this oocafioo to wave their privileges of exemption from poor rates, be it theremn enacted, That no person shall be exempted from the said assessment by reason of any privileges whatever.

XII. And be it enacted, That the ministers and elders of the different parishes within the said city and places aforesaid, together wife such assessors as they may find it necessary to assume, shall have power, and they pre hereby authorised and directed to make un lift? of in the indigent performs or families within their respectirc distnds, ifeo shall appear to them to require relief during the ensuing year; which sids they shall make up in such manner and according to farh forra as shall be furnished to them by the said trustees and coramiffioacn, Which lifts they shall report to the said trustees and commiRwer? and the said ministers and elders, and their assessors aforesaid, toJ have power from time td time 'to make additions to or correctk; and amendments of the said lifts, which they shall in like manner rrfw; to the said trustees and commissioners, from which different lifts tr; said trustees and commissioners shall make out and enter in a box pne general lift of the whole indigent persons or families who are u rcc tive relief under the authority of this

---

XIII. And be it enacted, That the said trustees and commissioners shall have power to appoint committees, one or more, either from their own number or otherwise; which committees shall have power to determine the quantity or kind of relief which shall be given to each individual or family on the said list.

1800.] 41 Geo. III. c. 3*. 1019

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said committee shall keep regular books and accounts; which books and accounts shall be laid before the said trustees and commissioners once every month.

XV. And whereas, in order to enable the said committees to distribute relief in equal and due proportion, it is absolutely necessary that they and the said trustees and commissioners should know the nature and extent of the relief which any of the poor of the said city and places aforesaid may receive from any other charitable fund; therefore be it enacted, That the said trustees and commissioners, or the committees named by them as aforesaid, shall have power to require from the treasurers, or other proper officer of every charitable institution, and from the ministers or treasurer of every church, chapel, meeting house, or other place of worship within the said city, and places aforesaid, an authentic and certified copy of the names of the persons or families receiving relief from their respective funds, together with the nature and amount of the relief afforded to each person or family,

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this present act shall subsist and be in force from the day of the passing thereof until the first day of January, which will be in the year one thousand eight hundred and two; and if on the said first day of January one thousand eight hundred and two, there shall remain in the hands of the said trustees or of any part of the said assessment unapplied to the purposes hereinbefore specified, the said trustees and commissioners are hereby directed and required to pay over the same to the treasurer of the charity workhouse of Edinburgh, to the treasurer of the charity workhouse of Canongate, and to the treasurer of the charity workhouse of the parish of St. Cuthberts, according to such proportions as to the said trustees and commissioners shall appear proper.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said several persons appointed and acting as trustees and commissioners under this act, shall be assessed for the purposes of this act by any of the sub-committees before mentioned, other than the sub-committee of which such persons respectively are members; and that the said several trustees and commissioners shall have no voice in any decision or determination regarding their own assessment.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That if any doubts or difficulties shall occur in the execution of this act, or if any person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any assessment made under the authority of this act, and shall make complaint thereof to the said trustees or of within fourteen days after the notifying of any such assessment to the person concerned, the said trustees or of are hereby directed and required to cause their clerk or secretary to lay a statement of the same, which shall be first communicated to the parties complaining, before the persons now acting as commercial of, or as of of appeal for the county and city of Edinburgh, under the several acts for charging duties on income, whole orders and directions thereon, after hearing all the parties concerned, shall be final and conclusive to all intents and purposes, and against all persons whatsoever.

XIX. And be it enacted, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a public act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all persons whomsoever without specially pleading the same.

Cap. 4.

An act for obviating a doubt arising on the power of sale and exchange contained in a settlement of the estates of the right honourable Henry earl Bathurst.

[Index removed.]

END OF PART III. VOL. XLII.

