50. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, and commonable lands, within the liberties of Eppersone, in the county of Nottingham.

51. An act for dividing and inclosing several'commons, and

waste grounds, within the manor of in the parish of

Childwall, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

52. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands, within

the

A TABLE of the STATUTES;

the parish and liberties of Burton Joyce and in the county of Nottingham,

53. An act for making the exemplification of the lad will of Richard Fitz Gerald esquire, deceased, evidence in all courts of law and equity in Great Britain and Ireland, .

54. An act to enable Reynold Th, an infant, and his heirs; to take and use the surname of Deere, pursuant to the will of Reynold Deere, deceased.

55. An act for enabling and empowering the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of , and their successors, to sell and convey to the right honourable George earl of -fret, the lordftiip and manor of with the messuages,

lands, and hereditaments, thereto belonging; and for applying the purchase-money to the purposes therein mentioned.

56. An act for the more effectually carrying into execution an

act made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty intituled An act for vesting in trustees, the settled ejlate c/'Washing-

ton earl Ferrers in the county of Derby, to be sold for satisfying the incumbrances and portions affecting the fame, and the red of his settled estates; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

57. An act for rectifying a mistake in the name of one of the trustees in the settlement made of the estates of the right honourable William earl of Harrington, previous to his marriage with the right honourable Caroline ooutilek of Harrington his wife.

58. An act to subject and charge a competent part of the manor and lordftiip of Tottenham Ha, otherwise Tottenham Courts

in the county of Middlesex, and of the lands and hereditaments thereunto belonging, with the payment of a perpetual yearly relit-charge to doctor Richard Browne, and his successors; and for diverting the fee-simple and inheritance of the said premisses , out of him and his successors; and for vesting the fame in trustees, to the use oiCharles Fitzroy esquire, and Ann his wife, and their iflfue, with such powers and authorities as therein are mentioned.

59. An act for vesting in trustees, and their heirs, an intailed ' estate, in the county of Lincoln, of hr Thomas Gage baronet, dame Rucy his wife, and their issue, in order that the fame may be fold, and the purchase-money applied for the purposes in the said act mentioned; and for settling an estate, in the county of , of the said fir Thomas Gage, of greater value, in lieu thereof.

60. An act for vesting the settled estate of William esquire, in the island of Jamaicain trustees, for the purposes therein mentioned.

6j. An act for vesting part of the settled estate of the honourable and reverend James Yorke, and Mary his Wife, situate in Arlington Street; in the county of in trustees, to be

conveyed pursuant to articles entered into for sale thereof; and for laying out the money, thereby stipulated to be paid, in the purchase of other lands, to be settled to the fame uses.

62. An act for confirming and carrying into execution apt agreement, dated the twenty sixth day of , in the year

one

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ine thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, between Waite? Waring esquire, and the right honourable Robert lord and for vexing certain estates, in the counties of Salop and Montgomery, in certain trustees, and their heirs, for that purpose.

63. An act for veiling certain lands and hereditaments, in the

parish of' Warfield,in the county of Berks, with the appurtenances, in John Hart Cotton of Warfield aforesaid esquire; and for settling and alluring, in lieu thereof, a relit-charge of greater value, to be issuing out of part of the said land and hereditaments, and also out of a capital messuage and lands in the said parish o i Warfield^and in the parish of in the fame county, or one of them, belonging to the said John Hart , for the purposes in the act mentioned.

64. An act for impowering trustees, during the respective minorities of the four infant fons of Thomas Hawkins esquire, deceas-ed, to make leases of estates, in the county of Cornwall, to which they are fucceftively intitled, as tenants in tail, under the will of Philip Hawkins esquire, deceased ; and for other the purposes mentioned.

65. An act for veiling certain undivided shares, belonging to

Mary Wright, an infant, of and in several melfiiages, tenements,

and lands, in the county oiLancaster, in trustees, to be sold; and

for laying out the money, arising from the sale thereof, in the purchase of other lands, to be settled to the use of the said infant, and her heirs, on the part of her mother; and for other purposes therein mentioned;

66. An a<5l for dividing and inclosing the common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Shipton upon Charwell, in the county of Oxford.

67. An act for dividing and inclosing the open arable fields,

meadows, pallures, commons, and grounds, within the town-ship of Snainton, in the parishes of and Ebberston, in

the north riding of the county of .

68. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common

fields, cow pallures, and other commons, and commonable lands, in the parish of Toynton Supra, within the manor of cofile, in the county of Lincoln.

69. An act to enable the right honourable James Greenville % the right honourable Isaac Barre, and the right honourable Rickard Rigby, to take in Great Britain, the oath of office, as vice treasurer and receiver general and paymaster general of all his Majesty's revenues in the kingdom of Ireland, and to qua* Tify themselves for the enjoyment of the said offices.

70 An* act to dissolve the marriage of Frederick lord viscount mlingbroke, with lady Diana Spencer his now wife, and to enable him to Quarry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

71. An act to dissolve the marriage of Charles Daly esquire, with Anne Statia Daly his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

72. An act for naturalizing Lawrance .

T A B L E

OF THE

S T I / L T U T E

PUBLIC K and PRIVATE,

Passed Amo oftayo

&EORGII IIL Regis.

* In the First Session of the Thirteenth Parliament of Great .

PUBLICK ACT.

Cap. I. F0R further continuing certain laws to prohibit, for F a limited time, the exportation of corn, grain* meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch, and also the extraction of low wines and spirits from wheat and wheat-flour; for further allowing the importation of wheat and wheat-flour, barley, barley-meal, and pulse, free of duty,.into this kingdom, from any part of Europe; and for allowing the importation of oats and oat-meal, rye and rye-meal, into this kingdom, for a limited time, free of duty; and also for continuing such , other laws as will expire before the beginning of the next session of parliament.

P RIFAT E ACT.

I. An act for naturalizing Daniel .

X 7 f>7'l Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 49—55.

in the county of Wilts; and for amending the said acts, and reducing them into one act of parliament.

♦ CAP. XLIX.

An act to.enlarge the term and powers of an act made in the twenty

, fifth year of the reign of his late majjfiy King George the , for repairing the road from The Green Man in the chopelry of Seend, in the county of Wilts, to Beckington, in the county of Somerset; and for repealing so much of an act made in the fame year for repairing several roads in the counties Wilts and Some*^, as relates to the road from a place in Trowle Bridge Lane, to Miford, and from Frefhford to Hall's Close Limp-ley Stoke 5 and for amending the said , and also several other

roads leading from or near the roads included in the

CAP. L.

An act for repairing, widening, turnings and , the road leading from Reading, in the county fl/'Berks, through Henley, in the county of Oxford* and Great Marlow, Chipping Wycombe, Agmondefham, andCheynes, the county tf/'Bucks, and Rick-

manfworth, Watford, and Saint Alban's, to Hatfield, in the county of Hertford 5 and also the road leading out of the said road

at Marlow, over Great Marlow Bridge, through Byfham, to or near the thirty milefione in the turnpike road leading from Maidenhead to Reading.

CAP. LI.

An act for amending and wideningfeveral roads leading from the town j/'Bishop's Castle, and from Montgomery, to the turnpike road at West bury, and from Bro&on, to the turnpike road at Mfnfter-ly, in the several counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery.

CAP. LII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the way post in the parish of Hardingfton, in the county of Northampton, to Old Straford, in the said county.

CAP. LUI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Buckland Dinham, to the end of the parish (j/'Timfbury; and also the road from Mid-summer Norton, to the end of the parish of Norton Saint Phillips ; and also the road from Tucker's Grave, to the road leading from Wei low, to a place known by the name The Red Post, in the county of Somerset.

CAP. LIV.

An act for amending and widening the road from the city York, to the top of Ofwaldkirk Bank, and from the said road in Sutton Field through Craike, towardsOulfton, to toe extent of the

ship of Craike, in the county of York.

, CAP. LV,

An act for amending the road from Christopher's Bridge, the bo-

rough 0/Thetford, in the county ^Suffolk, to the north east end of the town ^Newmarket, in the county ^Cambridge, Vox.. XXVIII. K 3LVIf

Anno octavo GEorgii III. c. 56—63. [1767,

CAP. LVI.

An act to explain, amend, and render more and to enlarge

the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twenty year of the reign of his late Majesty,as theaft relates to

the repairing and widening the road from the town of Kingston upon Thames, in the county of Surrey, to a place called Sheet Bridge, near Petersfield, in the county of Southampton.

CAP. LVII.

An act for the better supplying the town of Dunbar, with frefb

CAP. LVIII.

-An act for taking down the present in the market-place of

the town ^ Hertford, in the county Hertford; and for building a new one on a more extensive and commodious plan in the rParket* v place of the said town.

CAP. XIX.

An act for repairing several roads leading through the tounty ^Selkirk.

CAP. LX.

An act for repairing everal roads leading through the Rox-

burgh.

CAP. LXI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the Mayor's done in Abingdon, in the county Berks, through, Cummer, to -

tienthorfe road at Swinfora in the said .

CAP. LX1I.

An act for the better paving and cleansing the , and other pub* lickpaffages in the town of Portsmouth, in the county ^“Southampton $ and for preventing nufances and annoyances therein j and for widening and rendering the fame more .

CAP. LXIII.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the firth or river of Forth, at or near the mouth of the river of Car-ron, in the county of Sterling, to thefirth or river of Clyde, at or

near a place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, the county of Dumbarton ; and also a collateral cut from the same to the city of Glasgow; and for making a navigable cut or canal of communication from the port and harbour of Borrowftounnefs, to join the said canal at or near the place where it will fall into the firth of Forth.

T A

A

B

L E

OF THE

S T A T U T E S

PUBLICS and PRIVATE,

faffed Anno nono

GEORG 11 III. Regis.

Being the Second Session of the Thirteenth Parliament of Great Br

PUBLICK ACTS.

Cap.i. f| prohibit, for a further time, the exportation J. of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, and (larch ; and also the extraction of low wines and spirits from wheat and flour.

Cap. 2. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine.

Cap. 3. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the bet- f ter payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 4. To allow for a further time the free Importation of f rice into this kingdom, from his Majesty's colonies in North * America. ^ K

Cap. 5. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine.

Cap. 6. For the more effectually preventing the clandestine importation of foreign spiritsj and for explaining such part <Jf an act made in the fifth year Qf the reign of his present Majesty, as relates *0 the penalties inflicted upon persons fellinrale, beer, Vol. 2CXVIII. * a or

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Or other exciseable liquors by retail, without licence; and for taking away certain powers granted by former acts, for punifiling persons convicted of retailing spirituous liquors without licence.

Cap. 7. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 8. For repairing, improving, and better preserving of the harbour and quay of Wells, in the cpunty of .

Cap. 9. To continue an act made in the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to continue and ' mend an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Maje-\ Jh* intituled, An act for importation of salted beef, pork, ba-

\ con, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time; and for al-1 lowing the importation of salted beef, pork* bacon, and butler,

\ from the British dominions in A, for a limited time.

Cap. 10. For the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the streets and lanes in the parish and borough of New JVindfor, in the county of Berks, and for preventing nu-fances and annoyances therein.

Cap. 11. For repealing so much of an act made in the seventh and eighth years of the reign of King the Third, inti-

tuled, Anpft to encourage the bringing plate into the mint to be coined, and for the further remedying the illJlate of the coin of the kingdom, as restrains any person keeping an inn, tavern, alehouse, or victualling-house, or felling wine, ale, beer, or any other liquors, by retail, from publickly using any wrought or manu-fa6ture4 plate, or any utensil or vessel thereof, except spoons ; and for putting an end to prosecutions commenced for offences against such part of the said act.

Cap. 12. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments within the time limited bylaw, and for allowing further time for that purpose; and to indemnify members, and officers in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been loft pr mislaid, and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly ilamped.

Cap. 13. For the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the liberty of St. Martin le , within the city and liberty gf Westminster, in the county of j and for pre-

venting obstructions and annoyances therein.

Cap. 14.. For appointing commisioners for putting in execution an act of this session of parliament, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land , to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty and for securing and preserving duplicates of afleffinents, and other papers relating to the land tax.

Cap. 15. For raffing a certain.sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine.

Cap. 16. To amend and render snore eftectual an act made

in

A TABLE of thq STATUTES.

in the twenty iirft year of the reign of the First, intituled, An act for the general quiet of the subjects all

pretences of concealment whatsoever.

Cap. 17. For enabling his Majesty to licence a playhouse in the city of York; and in the town and (cqunty of the town of Kingston upon Hull.

Cap. 18. For amending and further continuing an act of the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to a- \ mend and render more effectuaU*n dominions A me-

rica, an act passed in this present session of parliament, , An

act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 19. To impo^yer the high court of Chancery tq lay out, upon government securities, a further sum of money, not exceeding a Turn therein limited, out of the cpmmon and general cacti in the bank of England belonging tq the suitors of the said court; and to apply the interest arising therefrom toward? aqfwering the charges of the office of the accountant general of the said court.

Cap. 20. To enable the justices of the peace in the general quarter sessions of their respective counties and divisions to repair the Shire halls, county halls, or other buildings, wherein the assizes or grand leffiqns are usually held.

Cap. 21. For the more effectual paving, cleanling, lighting, and watching, the streets* Japes, alleys, and publick passages, in the town of Gainsburgh, in the county of Lincoln j and for laying a duty on all coals brought to the said town to be sold, and for applying the fame to such purposes.

Cap. 22. To amend, and render mqre effectual an act paded fh the seventh year of his present Majesty, intituled., An act for paving the streets, and other places, in that part of the parish Sainp

Botolph Aldgate which lies in the county c/Middlesex ; and part of a Jlreet, called East Smithfield, in the Saint Catherine;

and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the , and preventing objiruftions and annoyances therein.

Cap. 23. To amend and rpnder more effectpal an act of the twenty eighth of his late Majesty, for the better enlightening and cleanling the open places, squares, streets, lanes, alleys, paf-sages, and courts, within the parish of Saint Bartholomew the Great, London, and regulating the nightly watch and beadiest within the said parish; and for impowering the trbftees, injhe said atft named, to pave the said streets and other places within the said parish, and to remove annoyances and ©bftroctions.

Cap. 24. For carrying into execution certain proposals made by the East India company for the payment of th£annual sum of

four hundred thousand pounds, for a limited time, in respe<5t of the territorial acquifttions and revenues lately obtained in ^he East Judies.

Cap. 25. for making perpetual an act made in the first year of the reign of his prefect Majesty, intituled, An act to continue the duties for encouragement of the coinage of .

a 2 Cap.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

c Cap. 26. For the relief of insolvent debtors.

Cap. 27.' To continue certain laws therein mentioned, for granting, for a limited time, a liberty to carry rice from hi is Majesty's provinces of South and North Carolina and ,

directly to any part of America to the southward of the said provinces, subject to the like duty a&is now paid on the exportation of rice from the said colonies to places in Europe situate to the southward of Cape Finifterre.

Cap. 28. To permit the inhabitants of Jersey and Guernsey to export directly from thence to Ne, or the British colonies in America, goods neceflsury for the fishery, under certain 1 reftri£tions; and to import from thence non-enutnerated goods * (except rum) and to land the fame in the said islands.

Cap. 29. For the mote effectual punithment of such persons as shall demolish or pull down, burn, or otherwise destroy or spoil, any mill or mills; and for preventing the destroying or damaging of engines for draining collieries and mines; or bridges, waggon ways, or other things used in conveying coals, lead, tin, or other minerals, from mines; or fences for in-dosing lands in pursuance of acts of parliament.

Cap. 30. For repealing so much or an act passed in the tenth year of her late Majesty Queen Anne as relates to the harbour moorings of the royal navy; and for the more effectual preservation of such harbour moorings; and punishment of persons guilty of dealing or embezzling his Majesty's naval (lores; or of forgery or perjury in relation to seamens wages.

Cap. 31. For the establishing and well governing an hospital for the reception, maintenance, and employment, of penitent prostitutes; and for extinguishing the right of common of and in certain lands in Saint George , in the county of

Surrey.

Cap. 32. For paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the high streets and lanes in the parish ot Saint Nicholas within the , city of Rochefier and parish of Strood in the county of Kent; and for making a road through Star , across certain fields adjoining thereto, to Chatham Hill in the said county.

Cap. 33. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money to be raised by a lottery.

Cap. 34. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying a certain sum therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 35. For discontinuing, upon the exportation of iron imported in foreign ships, the drawback of such 4>art of the duties - payable thereon as exceeds the duties payable upon iron imported in British ships; to prohibit the exportation of pig and bar iron, and certain naval (lores, unless the preemption thereof bo offered to the commi(Tioners of the navy; to repeal so much of an act made in the (ixtly year of his present Majesty's reign, a$" discontinued the drawback-upon foreign rough hemp exported;*

for

L.

A TABLE of die STATUTES.

for providing a compensation to the clerks in the offices of tht principal secretaries of (late, for the advantages such clerks enjoyed before the commencement of an act, made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for preventing frauds and abuses in relation to the sending and receiving letters and packets free from the duty of postage ; and td explain and a-mend the said act.

Cap. 36. For applying certain monies therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and Axty nine.

Cap. 37. For reviving several acts for preventing abuses in making bricks and tiles; and for indemnifying justices of the peace, and others, who have acted under the said a<5ts; and for indemnifying persons vfrho have omitted to make and Ale affidavits 5 and for allowing further time for paying duties omitted to be paid upon contracts with clerks and apprentices; for mak-< ing forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, loft, burnt, or destroyed; and for repaying to Glover and John Bill'

the duty by them paid on a cargo wheat, and for allowing the fame to be landed for home consumption; and for preventing parish poor being paid in base or counterfeit coin.

Cap. 38. For further encouraging the growth and culture of [ raw silk in his Majesty's colonies or plantations in

Cap. 39. To permit the free importation of certain raw jj I hides and skins from Ireland and the British plantations in Ame- 'i ! ricoy for a limited time; and for taking off the duties upon seal .]

skins tanned or tawed in this kingdom, and for granting ano-| ther duty in lieu thereof; for indemnifying all persons with respect to advising or executing any of his Majesty's orders of council prohibiting the importation of raw hides, horns, and hoofs, of infected cattle; and to authorize the prohibition of the importaion of such hides, horns and hoofs, for the future.

Cap. 40. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of one thousand

seven hundred and sixty nine.

Cap. 4.1 ► For better securing the duties of customs upon certain goods removed from the out ports and other places to -ion; for regulating the fees of the officers of his Majesty's cu* ftoms in the province of Senegambia in Afr'tta \ for allowing to the receivers general of the duties on offices and employments in Scotlandy a proper compensation for their trouble and expences; for the better preservation of hollies, thorns, and quickfets, in forests, chafes, and private grounds, and of trees and underwoods, in forests and chafes ; and for authorizing the exportation of a limited quantity of an inferior fort of barley, called -Eiggy from the port of Kirkwall in the islands of .

Cap. 42. For explaining, amending, and continuing, an act made in the feeond year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to explain,, amendy and reduce into one act of

. ? a 3 amenty

L.

A TABLE of xhtSTATUTES.

etfnent* the feveTal laws now in bring* relating to the

training the militia within that part of Great* Britain tailed England.

Cap. 43. For repairing and widening the roads from the turn^ pike road at Golford Greeny in the parish of * to the

turnpike road in the parish of Sand from the greert near Benetiden Church, to The Bull Inn at Rolvenden Croft in the cobrity of Kent.

Cap. 44. For erecting a market house, and holding a market in the town of Taunton, in the county of Somerset; and for pre-

venting the holding of any market in the streets of the said f town; and for deanfing the streets, and preventing npifances and ob-ftrb&ions therein, and for lighting certain streets in the said toWn.

Cap. 45. For repairing the road from the turnpike-gate in thte township of Greenfield, ta the north limits of the township of tecjlyn, and from Mofiyn to , and from Llanerch

Mor to Pen y Fordd Wain* in the counties of Flint and Denbigh.

Cap. 46. For repairing the road from the town of to

the turnpike road between Northop and Holywell; and from y/-von Wen* to the town of Mold* in the counties of Denbigh and Flint.

Cap. 47. For amending, widening,1 altering, clearing, and keeping in repair* several roads leading frbm the borough, of Dorcbefier, in the county of Dorset; and for repealing so much of an act passed in the sixth year of his pfcefent Majesty's reign, is relates to the repairing the road leading from to the said borough.

Cap. 48. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the sixteenth year of King George the Second, for repairing the roads from Marlborough to Shepherds ; and from -

hon to the top of Ckerill Hill;and from Aveburyio Reckhamptorr* in the county of Wilts; and for repairing and widening the road from the turnpike gate at Avebury to Wroughton; and from the north side of Swindon to the Carpenters Arms in * in the

laid couhty.

Cap. 49. For repairing and widening the road leading from Mereworth Cross, to the road leading from Seal to Wrotham Heath; and also the said road from opposite the house of William Dalifon esquire, to Hadlow Street in the coiinty of Kent.

* Cap. 50. To enlarge the term and powers of an a made in the thirty third year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from Glou, towards , ana other roids therein mentioned 5 and for amending several other roads near or adjoining to some of the said roads.

Cap. 5?. For enlarging the term and powers gfapted by ai\ 4<$t passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from a place called Harlow Bush Common, in the parish of , in the

county of Essex* to Stump Cross* in the parish of Great ford> in the said county*

v^

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. <2. To continue the term and enlarge the powers of To much of an act made in the fcveuteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the read from the town of in the county of Bucks, to the north extent of the parish of -

t veil* in the county of Oxford, leading towards fVarmington Gate.

Cap. 53. To rectify a mistake in an act passed in the eighth year of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal, from Birmingham to Bilftone, and from thence to Autherley, there to communicate with the canal now making between the rivers Severn and T relit; and for making collateral cuts up to fever.al coal mines \ and to explain and amend

the said act.

Cap. 54. For enlarging the term and powers of an act made in the twenty fifth year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from the east end of Monk near the

suburbs of the city of York, to New and from thence to

Scarborough, in the North Riding of the county of. ; and also from Spittle House, in the Eefl Riding of the said county to Scarborough aforesaid.

Cap. 55. For repairing and widening the road from the end of the turnpike road in Shawburyin the'county of Salop, to Drayton in Hales, in the said county; and from thence to -ccflle under Line, in the county of Stafford; and from Shawbury atorefaid, to the turnpike road in in the said coun-

ty of Salop 5 and from Shawbury aforesaid to JVem, in the said county 5 and from thence to the turnpike road in Sandferd, in the said county.

Cap. 56. For repairing and widening several roads in the counties of Montgomery, Merioneth, and Salopi

Cap. 57. For continuing two alts made in the sixth year of King George the First, and in the seventh year of his late Majesty, for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny Sterling, upon every pint of ale or beer that shall be vended or sold within the town of Montreje and privileges thereof, for fopplying the said town with fresh water, and for other purposes the* ein mentioned.

Cap. 58. For repairing the road from the town of in the county of Gloucester,to the tenth mile stone from -tester at or near the east end of the town of and from

the west end of the churchyard in the said town of Tetbury to a gate in the said county near The Monument upon .

Cap. 59. To impower the right honourable Sir -

dish, baronet, to (hut up certain roads and a foot path in the parish of Doveridge, in the county of Derby, and to oblige him to make and keep in repair for the future a new road and foot path in lieu thereof.

Cap. 60. To enable Edward Byrom esquire to complete a building intended for a new church in the town of and for. making the same a perpetual cure and benefice j and for other purposes.

a 4 Cap.

L.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.'

Cap. 61. For raising money to discharge debts contracted for rebuilding the parish church and tower of Saint , in the7

city of Brijloli and to rebuild the spire, and compleat the said church; and for other purposes.

Cap. 62. To rebuild theshire-hall of the county of Nottingham $ and for using the guild-hall of the town and county of the town of Nottingham for the purposes of a (Hire-hall in the mean time.

Cap. 63. To enlarge the term and powers of two acts passed in the tenth year of King George the First, and the (ixteenth year of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from the north part of Harlow Bujb Common, in the parish of Harlow, to Woodford, in the county of Essex.

Cap. 64. To continue and render more effectual several acts passed in the sixth and twelfth years of King George the First, and the twenty eighth-year of his late Majesty, for repairing the roads from Stevenage, in the county of , to ,

in the county of Bedford,and other roads therein mentioned ; and for repairing and widening the,road from Radwell Corner to the turnpike road at Arlefey, in the bounty of .

Cap. 65. To repair and widen the road from the Broken Cross % in Macclesfield, in the county of , over the Long Moss and

Monks Heath, to the turnpike road in Nether , in the said county; and for turning and exchanging part of the said road.

Cap. 66. For repairing and widening the road from the city of Norwich, to Stole Bridge, in the county of

Cap. 67. For repairing and widening the road from Scole Bridge, to the place where the east gate lately flood in the town of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the county of .

Cap. 68. For amending the road from Bishopsgate , in the city of Norwich, to a stone formerly called the Two Mile Stone, where the Norwich road joins the Caifter causeway, two miles, and a half Short of the town of Great Yarmouth.

Cap. 69. For repairing and widening several roads leading to and through the borough of Bod, in the county of Cornwall, Cap. 70. For making and maintaining a navigable canal, from the Coventry canal navigation to the city of Oxford.

Cap. 71. For extending the navigation of the river Colder to Salter Hebble Bridge, and to Sowerby , in the county of

York,and for repealing an act for that purpose.

Cap. j2. For the better establishment of the foundation of ' John Michel esquire, in the Queen's College in the university of Oxford, and for other the purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 73. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the thirty first year of his late Majesty, for amending the road from Pengate to Latchetts Bridge, and other roads in the county of Wilts',and for amending several roads near adjoining to the

said roads.

Cap. 74. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an of the twenty third year of his late Majesty,' for repairing the roads from Dunglas Bridge, to the town of Haddingtoun9 and 1 . from

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

from thence to Ravenjhaughbum, in the county of

Cap. 75. For continuing and rendering more effectual an a for ‘repairing the road from Bowes in the county of , to trough under Stainmote in the county of Westmorland; and for' repairing and widening the road from Maiden to Kaber Cross, and also the road from Maiden to the coal works at Taylor Rig, and to Tan Hill and King's Pitts; and also the road from Barrow's Brow to Middle Fell Dyke , in the said counties; and also from Tan Hill and King's Pitts to Beck , and Punchatt Pasture West Gate to Whaw Lane and by

Lilly Jocks to Reeth.

Cap. 76. To repeal so much of an act passed in the feconcf year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from the WhitePojl on Hafelden's , in the parish of -

brdoke, to Appledore Heathy and other roads in the county of , as relates to the road from Goldford Green to Tanner's Vent; for enlarging the term and powers of the said act, with respect to the other roads therein contained; and for amending the road from the turnpike road in the parish of Tender den ^ through ,

to the turnpike road in the parish of in the said

county.

Cap. 77. For repairing and widening the road leading from Tal y Cafn Ferry in the county of , and through the

towns of Conway, Bangor, and Cato the town of Pwll-

befy in the fame county.

Cap. 78. For repairing and widening the road from Maidfione through Debtling to Key Street, in the parishes of Borden and Bob-king in the county of Kent.

Cap. 79. For repairing and widening the road from Beverley to the ferry at Hefsle, and from the Malton guide poll to the gravel pit at Cottingham, in the county of .

Cap. 80. For repairing and widening the road from Cheadle to Botham House, and from thence to Butterton Moor in

the county of Stafford.

Cap. 81. For repairing and widening the road from Darly Moor in the county of Derby, to in the county of Stafford ; and from thence to the turnpike road between Leek and JJhborne, in the said counties of Derby and Stafford,

Cap. 82. For the more effectual relief of the poor in the county of Devon.

Cap. 83. For laying open and widening certain ways and paf* fagCs within the town of Birmingh; and for cleaning and lighting the streets, lanes, ways, and passages there; and for re*? moving and preventing nuisances and obstructions therein.

Cap. 84. For building a bridge at , over the river

Severn,, and opening convenient avenues to the said bridge.

Cap. 85. For building a chapel at Plymouth Dock, in the parish of Stoke Damerell in the county of .

Cap. 86. For repairing the roads leading from the turnpike road in Tring, in the county of , through ,

Hitchin* Baldock, and Royfton, to the turnpike road at or near 'Bourn Bridge 3 and from the west end of Welbury Lane to the

turn-

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

turnpike road at the south end of , in the counties

Hertford, Bucks, Bedford, and Cambridge.

Cap. 87. To continue and render more eflFe&oal an act palF-ed in the thirtieth year of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from Hitcbin in the county of , through

to the turnpike road from Saint Albans to ,and other

roads therein mentioned; and for repairing and widening the toad from Shefford way post, to the turnpike road at Henlow in the county of Bedford.

Cap. 88. For repairing the road from Stoney Stratford in the county of Bucks, through the towns of Buckingham and to the town of Woodfock in the county of Oxford.

Cap. 89. For making a road from the south end o art bridge to the present turnpike road cross fields,

and from thence to some place at or near the house call The Dog and Duck, and to Newington Butts, in the county of Surry; and for empowering the trustees for carrying into execution an act passed in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his late Majesty, to repair, light, and watch the said roads, when made.

Cap. 90. For enlarging the term and powers of two a<5ls passed in the third and twenty second years of his late Majesty,.for repairing the several roads leading into the city of Hereford, and for amending the roads to Lancloudy Hill and Langua Bridge.

Cap. 91. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act passed in the twenty seventh year of King George the Second* for repairing and widening the road from Leicester to Narborough, and from Leicefer to Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick, and other roads, and for other purposes in the said act mentioned, so far as the fame relates to the.road from the borough of Leicefer to the town of , and

from Leicefer to Hinckley in the county of Leicefer.

Cap. 92. To amend an act of the fifth year of Ins present Majesty's reign, for repairing and widening the road from Tunbridge to Maidstone,and from Waft Cross to Cowden, in the coun-

ty of Kent, so far as the fame relates to the repair of the road from Wat's Cross to Cowden; and for repairing the roads leading from Sevcnoakes Common to Crockhurf Hatch , and from Penjhurf town to Southborough in the said county.

Cap. 93.4T° continue and render more eflfectual two acts for amending several roads leading from the city of Exeter, and for repairing and widening several other roads therein mentioned ; and for rebuilding or repairing Exe Bridge, and ^making the a*-venues leading thereto more commodious ; and for building a bridge over the river Exe, atjor near . Wear in the coun?

ty ot Devon.

Cap. 94. For repealing so much of two several acts of parliament made and passed in the seventeenth and twenty eighth years of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relate to the road from the end of the county of Stafford in the post road towards the city of Chester, through , injhe county of Salop, to Nantwich in the county of Chefer, and from

Nant-

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Naniwich to Tarporley* and from thence through Tarvin in the said county of Chester to the said city of , and for more

effectually repairing, widening, and supporting the fame road ; and also for repairing and widening the road from , in

the said county of Chester, to the cross in Tarvin aforesaid.

Cap. 95. To empower the trustees of the will of the late general Pulteneys and other trustees appointed by this act, to purchase and exchange lands and grounds* in the manor of tick in the county of Somerjet, for the purpose of making certain roads and ways to and from a free bridge by them intended to be built over the river Avon in the said county ; and also to empower the persons in poffeftion of the said estate for the time being, under the said will, to grant leases of certain lands and houses in the said manor; and likewise to enable the said trustees to grant certain grounds arid springs of water within the said manor of Bathwick, to the mayor, aldermen, and citizens of Bath; and for extending the jurisdi<5tion of the said mayor, aldermen, and citizens, over part of the said manor of and for other purposes therein mehtioned.

PRIVATE .

1. AN act for naturalizing John Dufaur.

jljL2. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, and common grounds, in the township of , in

the parish and manor of Kimbdton, in the county of y

3. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, commonable lands, common, arable, meadow, pasture, and watte grounds, within the parish of in the county of

Warwick. "

а. An act to enable Henry Thomas , enquire,, to tak$

ana use the fprname of Gott, pursuant to the will of Mary deceased.

5. An act for naturalizing George Madrass.

6. An act for naturalizing John Henry .

7, An act for naturalizing Paul

8. An act for vetting certain lands, in the parish of ,

in the county oi Kent, devised by the will of Thomas Farrington

esquire, deceased, in trustees, to^convey the fame to Charles lord Catnden; and for settling lands, to be in exchange; and for laying out money arising by sale thereof, in other lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to be conveyed to the fame uses.

9, An act for confirming articles of agreement, and for effect-

ing'an exchange of lands, between the most noble George duke of Marlborough, and the warden and scholars of Merton College

ip Oxftrd.

10. An act for appointing jointures for the wives, and pro-

viding portions for the younger children, of the right honourable WtUottgbbyearl of Abingdon, and the honourable Peregrine

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Bertie, his brother; and for other the purposes therein mentioned.

n. An act to enable Sir Wat Williams Wynn baronet, a minor, to make a settlement on his intended marriage with the lady Henrietta Somerset.

12. An act for discharging divers messuages, lands, and he-

reditaments, part of the estate of Sir Bellingham Graham baronet, in the county of York, from the uses and trulls limited and de-

clared by the will of the honourable Mary Graham deceased ; and for settling other lands and hereditaments, other part of the estate of the said Sir Bellingham , in the said county, of

greater value, in lieu thereof, to the like uses.

13. An act to impower Richard Garth esquire, to make leases of his settled estates, in the county of , for building upon and improving the same.

14. An act for veiling certain messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in Baldock, in the county of devised by the will of Edward Sparhauke gentleman, deceased, in Lawndcy -

haukeefquire, and his heirs, discharged from the uses of the said will; and for substituting and settling an undivided moiety of other lands and hereditaments, in in lieu there-

of, and to the like uses.

ic. An act for veiling part of the settled estate of the reverend William Lloyd clerk, in trustees, for raiflng money, to discharge the debts, legacies, and incumbrances, affecting the lame; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

* 16. An act for confirming a partition, between John Edwards esquire, John Freemantle esquire, and Frances his wife, and Mary Edwards spinster, of several estates, in the county of Middlesex, and city of Bristol, devised by the will of John -

pens esquire, deceased ; and of the relidue of the personal estate of the said John Scoppens.

17. An act to enable Charles Biddulph esquire, and his three

infant fons, John Biddulph, Charles and Thomas -

dulph, to grant leases of certain manors, capital,1 and other messuages, mansion houses, forms, lands, tenements, and hereditaments* situate in the several counties of and

Staffordof which they are tenants for life successively.

18. An act for dividing and indoling the common fields, commons, and waste grounds, in the manor and parish of Hil-b or owe., in the county of Norfolk.

19. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and com-

mon fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, in the parish of in the county

of Gloucester.

20. An act for dividing and inclosing an open common^ in

the parish of Walburton, in the county of

2j. An act for dividing and inclosing certain opeft fie!4s> meadows, ings, and common lands, within the parish of -vington, in the east riding of the county of York.

22* An,act for dividing and inclosing several common fields,

grounds.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

grounds, and pastures, within the parish of in the

county of Lincoln,

23. An act for dividing and inclosing several open fields, mea-

dow grounds, and ings, and the moor or common, and waste ground, within the manor and township of in the

county of York.

24. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open fields;

lands, and grounds, within the township of in the east

riding of the county of York.

25. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and watye grounds, in the parish of Eaton, in the county of

26. An act for dividing inclosing, and draining, the open fields, meadows, fens, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, in the parish of North Hickham, in the county of

27. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, within the lordship or liberty of Markfield, in the county of Leicester, and the common ground there, lying within the ring or boundaries of the fame fields, or adjoining thereto.

28. An act for dividing and inclosing the open arable fields, meadow grounds, commons, pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the manor or parish of Grendon

derwood, in the county of Buckingham.

29. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common pastures, waste grounds, and other commonable lands, in the parish of Shaxton, otherwise , otherwise Shacker -flon, in the county of Leicester.

30. An act for the more effectual draining, embanking, and

preserving, certain fen lands, and low grounds, in the hamlet of Wimblington, in the parish of , and in the parish of

Chatterefs, within the isle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge.

31. An act for dividing and inclosing several open .fields, com-

mon pastures, and open lands and grounds, within the township of Nafftrton and Wansford, in the parish of , in

the east riding of the county of York.

72. An act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the open fields, lands, and grounds, within the manor, and parish of

Thwing, in the east riding of the county of York.

33. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open fields,

lands, meadows, pastures, moors, commons, and other open grounds, within the township of , otherwise ,

jn Holderne/s, in the county of York.

34. An act for dividing and inclosing that part or share of

BelperJVard, which belongeth to Hin the county

25. An act for dividing and inclosing the moor, or common,

called Crofgate Moor, in the parish of Saint ', in the county

palatine of Durham ; and for extinguishing all right of common in certain inclosed intercommon lands there.

36. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and common and waste grounds, in the manor, parish, liberties or precincts of CuUington, in the county of Buckingham.

37. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

37. An act to enable the reverend his first and

other Tons, and their heirs male, to take and use the fufname Davies, in pursuance of the will of the reverend

doctor in divinity, deceased.

38. An act to enable Stephen P, esquire, and his issue, to

take, use, and bear the surname and arms of purfu—

ant to the will of Tobias Wall Gallway esquire, deceased.

39. An act for naturalizing LewDiedrick .

40. An act for naturalizing Henry

4.1. An act for naturalizing Peter and David Lewis

Godin.

42. An act, for vesting in Charles duke of and

Dover, and his heirs, in fee simple, certain lands, part of his entailed estate, in the county of Dumfries j apd for settling in lieu thereof other land;, lying contiguous tp, apd interfperfpd with, the said entailed estate.

43. An act for vesting in trustees, certain timber trees, and other trees, (landing and being uppn the estates of Sir Thomas Broughton, in the counties of Chej and ; and to enable them to fell, cut down, fell, and dispose of, the fame; and to lay out a competent part of the money, arising by thp sale thereof, in rebuilding the ancient mansion house of the family, called Doddington Hall, in the county of , and the necessary offices to be enjoyed therewith ; and for other purposes.

44. An act for vesting the settled estate of Edward AJlley baronet, in the county of Warwick,■ in him, in fee simple, discharged of the uses of the settlement made on his marriage with Rhoda Aftley his former wife, deceased; and for substituting and settling an undivided moiety of other .lands and hereditaments, in the county 6f Norfolk, of greater value, in lieu thereof, to the fame uses, with such powers as are therein mentioned.

45. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of

Swinburn esquire, in the county of , and town

and county of the town of Newcastle upon , in trustees, in trust to fell the fame; and to lay out and apply the money to arise by such sale in the purchase of other estates, in the county of Durham \ and for other purposes therein mentioned.

46. An a<5l for vesting the estates of the honourable William

Noel esquire, deceased, situate in , in the county of

Lincoln, jn trustees, to fell the fame, and apply the money arising therefrom as therein mentioned.

47. An act for dividing and inclosing the open arable fields,

meadow, and pasture grounds, in the townftfip of , in the parish of Preston, in Holderness, in the east riding of the county oiTork. ' ' '

48. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields, and grounds, within the parish of South ,

in the county of Lincoln.

49. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open lands and grounds, in the parish of Barnolby k , in the county of

Lincoln»

50. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

50. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields and grounds, within the parish of in the

county of Lincoln.

51. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open fields,

lands, and grounds, in the several townships of At ter by y ,

and Waddingham, in the county of Lincoln.

52. An act for dividing and inclosing the town fields, common balks, stinted pastures, and waste grounds in the town-ship of Sutton, and parish of N, in the east riding of the county of York.

53. An act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, certain open

fields, lands, and commons, within the townships of Sheriff Hutton and West Lifting) in the parish of Sheriff , in the county of York. »

54. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open grounds,

lying in Ofbaldvoick, with Gate and it*

die county of York.

55. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, arable meadow, and pasture grounds, within the manor and pasture of Walfinghamy in the county palatine of Durham.

56. An act to diflolye the marriage of Henry duke

of Grafton, with the honourable Ann Liddell his now wife; and

to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned,

57. An act to diflofve the marriage of John with

Sarah Macelcan his now wife ; and to enable him to marry again ; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

58. An act for felling the capital messuage or tmnsion-house, called Percy Lodgey and divers lands and hereditaments in the county of Bucks y devised by the will of the most noble Frances late dutchess dowager of Somerset; and for laying out the money arifingjiy such sale in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the fame uses.

59. An act for veiling part of the real estate, devised and di-

reded to be purchased, by the will of Henry earl of ,

in the kingdom of Ireland, deceased, and in ,

London, in trustees, to be sold or mortgaged; and for laying out the money arising by sale or mortgage thereof, in the purchase of manors, lands, or hereditaments, in , to be fet-

tled to the uses of his said will; and for enabling the persons therein mentioned to grant such leases as are therein expressed.

60. An act for changing and altering the course of descent

of copyhold estates held (of the manor of IVolve , in the county of Worcester) from the nature of Borough to the

course of descent according to common law.

61. An act to enable the reverend Christopher , doctor in divinity, prebendary of the cathedral church of Saint PauU

London, to make and grant, unto the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, a lease of the prebendal estate of Halliwell and Finfiury, in th9 fyburba of the said city, for a term of ninety nine years.

62. An

r

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

62. An act for vetting the settled estate of John , in

the county of Chester, in truttees, to be sold for the payment'of

debts, and other purposes therein mentioned.

63. An act for vetting the real ettates late of Richard esquire, deceased, in England, in truttees, to be sold, to raise money, to be applied to pay off the legacies charged upon and afteding the fame, and the interett thereof, under the direction of the court of chancery ; and for the other purposes therein mentioned.

64. An act to impower Anthony esquire, to grant

. leases of part of his settled ettates in the county of ,

and city of London.

65. An act for dividing the vicarage of Kingston upon Thames, in the county of Surrey, with the several chapelries or curacies thereto belonging, or thereon dependent, into two separate vicarages, and two separate perpetual curacies, in such manner as is therein mentioned.

66. An act to enable the corporation of the city of

to exchange the building of the hospital called Queen Hospital, for the building called The Bartholomewsr in the said city; and for altering the times for holding fairs.

67. An act for inclosing and dividing several woods and woodlands, and a certain close or parcel of land or ground, called West Coat Wood Clofey and the commons and watte grounds, within the manors of Saint Catharine in the parifn of Ry-

Jlip, in the county of Middlesex,

68. An act for dividing and inclosing several common arable fields, common pattures, and other indofed grounds within the township of Youlthorpe, in the east riding of the county of York*

69. An act for dividing and inclosing several open fields,

meadows, ings, stinted pattures, and other lands and grounds, within the manor of Poppleton,and a piece of watte ground called Scaglethorpe Moor, in the manor of all in the

county of the city of York.

70. An act for dividing and inclosing several open fields, grounds, commons, and wattes, within the township of Ebber» ston, in the county of York, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

71. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open arable fields, meadow grounds, commons, pattures, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the township of Hutton

Cranfwick, in the east riding of the county of York.

72. An act for dividing and inclosing several common arable fields in the moor or common, within the township of

in the north riding of the county of York.

73. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, and pther commonable lands, and grounds, in the hamlet of

in the parish of lrchejfter,in the county of Northampton.

74. An act for dividing and inclosing the open commons, ana watte grounds, within the manor gf in the county/of

JVefltnortland.

' Aa

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

75. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields and commonable lands, in the parishes of Chipping Norton and Salford, in the county of Oxford.

76. An act for dividing and inclosing a moor, or common, called Throughend Common, in the parish of Elf don, in the county of Northumberland*

77. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common

fields of Fleck ney, in the county of .

78. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common

fields, common meadows, downs, and commonable lands, lying within the manors and parishes of Holyrood Ampney other- » wife Ampney Cruris, and Ampney Mary otherwise in the

county of Gloucester.

79. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common

fields of Thulston, otherwise Thurlfton, in the county of Leicester.

80. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and waste grounds of the township of Wiggington in the county of York.

81. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open fields,

arable lands, and waste grounds, within the several manors and lordships of Laugkton-en-le- Morthen, Slade-Hooton, and -

Slade, in the parish of Laughton-en-le-Morthen, in the west riding of the county Of York.

82. An act for discharging certain estates of Denys Rolle ef-

quire, in the counties of Somerset and Wilts, from the Uses thereof limited and declared ; and for veiling the fame in trustees, to be sold, and applying the purchase money for the purposes therein mentioned ; and for settling other estates in the county of Devon, of greater value, to the like uses.

83. An act for revoking and making void part of the trusts declared by an act of parliament, passed in the fifth year of the .reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An for felling part of the settled estates of Robert Dolman ejquire, in Pocklington and

elsewhere, in the county ofYork, for the debts grid incumbrances of himself and Robert Dolman the , his

son, assessing the fame; and for making provision for Robert Dolman the younger, and for the younger children of Robert Dolman

the elder; and for declaring other trusts relative thereto; and for making provision for payment of other debts and incumbrances of the said Robert Dolman the elder, and Robert Dolman jhe younger, not provided for by the said act 5 and for making a recompence and provision for the first and other sons in fuc-cefiion, or other heirs of the bodies of the said Robert Dolman the younger, and Peggy his wife, during the lives of their said father and mother, and the survivor of them; and for the better security of purchasers under the said act.

84. An act for veiling part of the settled estates of the reverend Thomas Whitehurst clerk,and Sarah his wife, in the counties of Hertford and Bedford, in the said Thomas in

fee (imple; and for settling other estates of the said Thomas Whitehurst, in the said county of Hertford, to the fame uses as the said estates were settled.

Vol. XXVIII. *b 85. Ai %

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

85. An act for confirming, and carrying into execution, certain agreements, entered into between William , William Powell* esquires, and others, for raising money out of the estates late of Thomas Herbert esquire, in the counties of Glamorgan and Monmouth, for payment of the debts and legacies of

Lucy Allen* and for other purposes; and for settling the residue of the said estates to the uses of her will.

86. An act for vesting in trustees, to be sold, the freehold and inheritance of the estate of George Markham esquire, deceased, in the county of Lincoln, along with a precedent term therein, and for other purposes.

87. An act for obviating a doubt arising on the settlement of Peregrine Bertie esquire with Catharine his present wife.

88. An act for indemnifying Thomas and Francis

Twijleton, esquires, the purchasers of certain lands and hereditaments, in the county of Oxfo, belonging to James Nefs gentleman, and Charlotte his wife, as to the payment of their purchase money, and settling the lame for the purposes therein mentioned.

89. An act for dividing and inclosing several open fields, common paltures, and parcels of land and grounds, within the township of Bishop Wilton, in the ealt riding of the county of Fork.

90. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the manor and parish of Sundon, in the county of Bedford.

91. An act for dividing and inclosing all the open fields, meadows, paltures, and all other open commonable and walte lands, within the parish of Huckna, in the county of Nottingham.

92. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, downs, and commonable lands, within the manor and lordship of Coin Saint Aldwins, in the county of Gloucester.

93. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, paltures, and other commonable lands, in the liberties of

Sudbrook, within the manor and parish of , in the coun-

ty of Lincoln.

94. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, and paltures,. in the lordship of within the ma-

nor and parish of Claypole, in the county of Lincoln.

95. An act for dividing and inclosing certain commons or moors within the township of Br, in the parish of Braith-

well* in the county of York.

96. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and com-

mon fields, commonable lands, and walte grounds, in the parish of Wootton, in the county of Oxford.

97. An act for inclosing certain common and uninclosed tracts of land, in the parishes of Horfington, , and Mapper-ton* in the county of Somerset.

98. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, common paltures, and walte grounds, within the town-Ihips of Beckingham and Sutton* in the manor and parish of Beckingbatn, in the county of Lincoln.

99. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

99. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain moor, or

common, in the township of Tb, in the parish of -

ham, and within the manor of Brancepeth± in the county palatine of Durham.

100. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other

, commonable lands and grounds, within the parish and liberty of Pavenham, in the county of Bedford.

, ioi. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields,

' common grounds, and commonable lands, in the parish and ( township of Bedworthy in the coumy of Warwick; and for regulating certain charity estates within the said parish.

102. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain open and

common field, and commonable lands, in the townships and liberties of Upper Middleton Cheney, and Lower Middleton , in the county of Northampton.

103. An a It for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common pastures, and other uninclosed grounds,witlvn the manor and township of Aclome, in the east riding of the county of York.

104. A11 alt for embanking, draining, and preserving, cer-

tain low grounds, in the parishes or townships of Ramptony Trefwell, South Leverton North Leverton,

thorpey otherwise Apefthorpe, Litt Fenton, and

West Burton, in the county of Nottingham.

105. An act to enable the right honourable James Grenville, and the right honourable Charles earl Cornwallis to take in Great

Britain, the oath of office, as vice treasurer and receiver general and paymaster general of all his Majesty's revenues in the kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the enjoyment of the said offices.

106. An act to enable William heretofore called William Mofelyyand his issue, to take and use the surname and arms

of Waljhy pursuant to the will of William , deceased.

107. An act for naturalizing Samuel Canale esquire, and his issue, to take and use the surname and arms of Thorold.

108. An act for naturalizing Gerard Backus and

109. An act for naturalizing Hoffman.

no. An act for veiling the estates of the right honourable William late earl of Stafford, deceased, in the counties of Stafford and Salop, devised by his will, in trustees, to be sold for the

payment of the debts and incumbrances affecting the fame; j and for other purposes.

1 hi. An act for vesting in trustees several real estates, late of Jane Torre, widow, deceased, in Hefsle, Tranby, Anlaby, and elsewhere, within the county of the town of upon ,

which were given and devised, by her will, to and for the benefit of the reverend Mr. James Torre, clerk, her son, and his children, upon trull, to fell the fame, and apply the money to arise by the sale in manner therein expressed.

112. An act for dividing and inclosing several open fields, common and waste grounds, in the parish of , in the

county of Nottingham.

aa

t^

A

T A B L E

Containing the Titles of all the

S T A T U T E S

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno decimo

G e o r g 11 III.

Being the Third Session of the Thirteenth Parliament of

Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS.

I. A N act for continuing an act made in the last session of £\. parliament, to prohibit, for a further time, the exportation ot corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch, and also the extraction of low wines ana spirits from wheat and wheat flour.

II. An act to continue for a further time, an act made in

the eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled. act to continue and amend an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for importation of failed beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from , for a limited ;

time; and for allowing the importation of salted beef, pork, / bacon, and butrer, from the British dominions in , for ,

a limited time.

III. An act for puniffiing mutiny and desertion; and for the/ better payment of the army and their quarters.

IV. An act for indemnifying all persons with respect to ad-vifing or carrying into execution his Majesty's orders of council, made for preventing the spreading of a contagious distem-per amongst the horned cattle, and for rendering the fame valid and effectual, and for preventing suits in consequence thereof; and to authorise the continuing, extending, and executing the fame, for a further time.

. Vol. XXVIII. a V. An

v^

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

V. An act for continuing'and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy.

VI. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy.

VII. An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces

“while on Ihore. ,.

VIII. An a & to continue, for a limited time, an act made

in the seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to discontinue, fir a limited tim, the duties payable upon the im-

portation of tallow, hogs lardy and

IX. An afor defraying the charge of the pay and cloath-

ing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called ,

for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of one

thousand seven hundred and seventy.

X. An adV to permit the exportation of malt.

XI. An act for raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy.

XII. An act to enable the commisioners for executing the office of treasurer of his Majesty's exchequer, or the lord high treasurer for the'time being, t6 compound, with William Hill and John Dyer, a debt due to the crown from William , for which they are sureties.

XIII. An act for enabling his Majesty to grant the inheritance in fee simple of the manor of in the county of

Wilts, with the rights, members, and appurtenances thereof, now held, under a demise by letters patent under the seal of his Majesty's court of exchequer, in trust for Paul Methuen esquire, unto the said Paul Methue, and his heirs, upon a full and adequate consideration to be paid for the fame.

XIV. An act for paring, lighting, and watching the town

, of Plymouth, in the county of ; and for regulating the

carmen and porters within the said town.

XV. An act to continue an a made in the last session of

parliament, intituled, An act for , and further continue

trig, an act of the sixth year of his present MajeJlyJs , inti-

tuled, An act to amend and render more effectual, in his Majesty's dominions in America, an act passed in this present fef-

i lion of parliament, intituled, An act for punishing mutiny and * defection; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, «

. XVI. An act to regulate the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to serve in parliament.

XVII. An act to repeal so much of an act made in the le-j venth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for j granting certain duties in the British colonies and plantations in A-1 merica; fir allowing a drawback of the duties of customs upon the j exportation,from this kingdom, of coffee and cocoa nuts of the produce of the said colonies or plantations j for the -

4 backs

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

backs payable on china earthen ware exported to America ; and for more effectually preventing the clandestine running of goods in the said colonies and plantations,as relates to the duties upon glass, red-lead, white-lead, painters colours, paper, paste-boards, mill-boards, and scale-boards, of the produce or manufacture of Great Britain, imported into any of his Majesty's colonies in

America; and also to the discontinuing the drawbacks payable on china earthen-ware, exported to ; and for regulat-

ing the exportation thereof.

XVIII. An act for preventing the stealing of.dogs.

XIX. An act for better preservation of the game, within

that part of Great Britain caUed .

XX. An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of fmali

debts within the borough of King's and the liberties

thereof.

XXI. An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of fmali

debts, within the parishes of , , , and

Bifpham, and townftiips of Preefall and in the county

palatine of Lancaster.

XXII. An act for better supplying the city of , and

the liberties thereof, with water; and for the better paving and lighting the said city; and for removing and preventing all obstructions and annoyances therein.

XXIII. An act for the more effectually paving, repairing* cleaning, and lighting, the ftreqts, squares, lanes, and other passages, and for regulating weights and measures, within the parish of Saint Mary k Bone, in the county of ; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

XXIV'. An act for further continuing the duties granted and continued by several acts made in the sixth and tenth years of the reign of Queen Anne, and in the seventh year of the reign of King George the First, for repairing the harbour and key of Watchett, in the county of Somerset.

XXV. An act for the better paving, repairing, and cleans-

ing, the streets, and other publick passages, in the several pari Ihes and wards of Saint Michae, , Holy Saint Lawrence, All Saints within the All Saints without the

Bar, and East Street and Bag-row, within the town of ampton, and liberties thereof; and for preventing nuisances and annoyances therein; and for widening and rendering the fame more commodious; and for the lighting , and watching the said streets and publick palTages.

XXVI. An act for further continuing the terms and powers* granted and continued by three acts passed in the twelfth and thirteenth years of William the Third, the Tenth of Queen

Anne, and in the eleventh year of his late Majesty George the Second, for recovering, securing, and keeping in repair, the harbour of Minehead, in the county of Somerset] and for the more effectual carrying the said acts into execution; and also for the better securing the ancient dues payable to the lord or lady of the manor of Minehead for the time being.

J a 2 XXVII. An

v^

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

XXVII. An act to enlarge the powers of an act of the twenty-fourth year of his late Majesty, for making the river Nar navigable, from the town and port of King's Lytitt to West~

acre in the county of Norfolk, and for making the said act more effectual.

XXVIII. An act for rebuilding the common gaol of the county of Essex.

XXIX. An act to explain, amend, and make more,effec-

tual, an act passed in the fifth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the hundreds ofBlackheath, 0/Bromley and Beckenham,

of Rokefiey otherwise Ruxley, and Little and Leflhefs, in the county of Kent; and one other act passed in the sixth year of his Majesty's reign, for extending the provisions of the said act to the hundred of Wellington^ in the county of .

XXX. An act for rectifying a mistake in an act made in the

last session of parliament, intituled, An act for better securing * the duties tf customs upon certain goods removed from the out ports

and other places to London 5 for regulating the fees of the officers of his Majesty's customs in the province of Senegambia in Africa ; for allowing to the receivers general of the duties On offices and employments in Scotland, a proper compensation for their trouble and expences; for the better preservation of , thorns^ and

quickfets, in for efts> chaces, and private , and of trees and

underwoods in for efts and chaces; and for authorising the exportation of a limited quantity of an inferior fort , called Bigg, from

the port of Kirkwall in the tftands Orkney.

XXXI. An act for extending like liberty, in the exportation ; of rice from East and West Florida to the southward of Cape 1 Finifterre in Europe, as is granted, by former acts of parliament, \to Carolina and Georgia.

XXXII. An act for defraying the expeace of building the new office of excise in London> out of his Majesty's revenue of excise.

XXXIII. An act for rectifying mistakes in the names of fe-

veral of the commisioners appointed by an act made in the last session of parliament, to put in execution an act made in the same session, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the of the

year one thousand seven hundred and ; and for appoint-

ing other commisioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned act, to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy.

XXXIV. An act for rendering more effectual several acts for providing a publick reward for discovering the longitude at sea; for improving the Lunar Tables constructed by the late professor Mayer j and for encouraging discoveries and improve-

* ments useful to navigation.

XXXV. An act to enable the governor, council, and af-

fembly

v^

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

fembly of his Majesty's colony of York, to pass an act of / assembly for creating and issuing upon loan paper bills of credit to a certain amount; and to make the fame a legal tender in I payments into the loan offices and treasury of the said colony.

XXXVI. An act for redeeming ttfe capital or joint stock of annuities, after the rate of three pounds ten shillings per -tutn9 established by an act made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An act for granting to his Majesty the of two , to be

raised by way of Annuities and a lottery, and charged on the Jinking fund, redeemable by parliament; and for extending to Ireland the laws made in this kingdom against private And unlawful lotteries.

XXXVII. An act for continuing so much of an act made in the third year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled. An

to continue and amend two acts made in the twenty-first and - I

eighth years of his late Majesty's reig, for encouraging the making f of indico in the British plantations in America; and for the - / . tending the provisions of an act of the thirtieth year of his late - j

jesty's reign, with respect to bringing prize goods into this ,!

to Spanish prize goods taken since the late declaration War with \ Spain, as relates to encouraging the making of indico in the I British plantations in America; and for explaining so much of J an act made in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, as relates to the regulating the fees of the officers of the customs in America j and for extending the fame 16 the naval officers there.

XXXVIII. An act for continuing the bounties on British and Irish linens exported; for further discontinuing the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax; and for granting a bounty on the exportation of British checqued and striped linens, and upon British and Irish diapers, huckabacks, fheeting, and other linen of above a certain breadth.

XXXIX. An act for registering the prices at which corn is fold in the counties of Great Britain, and the quantity exported and imported.

XL. An act for appropriating a fund, established by an act made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on certain foreign linens imported into this , and for establishing

a fund for the encouraging of the raising and dr effing of hemp and fiaxr

XLI. An act to enable the speaker of the house of commons to issue his warrants to make out new writs for the choice of members to serve in parliament, in the room of such members as shall die during the recess of parliament.

XLII. An act to indemnify such persons in Great Britain and Ireland, as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices

and employments within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purposej for allowing further time for registering and inrolling agreements entered into for enclof-

a 3 ing

^ooq Le

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ing commons, for the purjtofe of planting and preserving trees for timber or underwood; and for indemnifying persons who have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of in*> dentures of clerks to attornies and follicitors.

XLIII. Ah a dt for repealing the duties upon bast or straw, chip, cane, and horsehair hats and bonnets, and upon certain, materials for making the same, imported into this kingdom ; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent importation of such goods.

XLIV. An act for. more effectually preventing traders in exciseable commodities from using false weights and scales ; and for explaining and amending several acts of parliament relating to hackney coaches and chairs.

XLV. An act to prevent the further spreading of the contagious disorder among the horned cattle in Great .

XLVI. An act for establishing a lottery, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

XLVII. An act for better regulating persons employed in the service of the East India company, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

XLVIIL An act for making the receiving of stolen jewels, and gold and silver plate, in the case of burglary and highway robbery, more penal.

XLIX. An act for continuing and amending several acts for preventing abuses in making bricks and tiles.

L. An act for the further preventing delays of justice byrea-son of privilege of parliament.

LI. An act to encourage the improvement of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, held under settlements of strict entail.

LII. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund ; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament. '

LIII. An act to repeal an act paired in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for the relief of the coal-heavers working upon the river Thames; and for enabling them to make ptovifton for such of themselves as shall be fuk> lame, or pafl their , and for

their widows and orphans; and to regulate the price of their labour; to prevent frauds and impositions on such labourers; and for their further relief, .

LIV. An act for amending the road from Stephen's Gate, in the city of Norwich, to Block Hill in , at the angle where the road divides to Bixley and , in the county of Norfolk,

LV. An act for repairing and widening several roads in the county of Cardigan,

LvI. An act for the better maintaining, regulating; and

em*

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

employing, the poor within the parHh of Saint Paul in the county of Middlesex.

LVII. An act' for the better regulating the navigation of the river Trent, from IVilden Ferotherwise Bridge,

in the county of Derby, to Gainjbin the county of Lin-

coln.

LVIII. An act for amending the road from in the

county of Buckingham, through Thame and Little to the

turnpike road between Benfington and in the county of Oxford.

LIX. An act to continue and render more effectual an act of the thirty-first year of his late Majesty, for repairing several roads in the counties of Dorset and leading to and

through the borough of Lyme Regis; and for repairing the road from the turnpike road at the Three in the parish of

Crewkerne, in the county of Som and other roads therein mentioned.

LX. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act for amending the road from Chrificphers in the borough of

Thetford, in the county of Suffolk, to the north-east end or the town of Newmarket, in the county of Cambridge.

LXL An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the county of York, so far as the fame relates to the road from Leeds to Wake-field.

LXIL An act for the repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Eaton Bridge turnpike road at Cockham Hill, in the parish of Wfflerham, in the county of Kent, through the village of Limpsfi to the village of Tit fey, over Botley Hill, Worms Heath, and Willingham Common, to the turnpike road leading from Croydon to in the county

of Surry.

LXIII. An act for repairing and widening the road'from Upton, in the pari (h of Ratley,to the north end of Bridge Street,

in the town of Great Kington; and from thence to the guide post at the town of Wellejbourne Hajlings, in the county of Warwick.

LXIV. An act for repairing and widening the road from Lewes to Brighthelmston, in the county of Suffix.

LXV. An act for repairing the road from the bridge on the old river at Barton, to Brandon Bridge, in the county of

/I. An act for repairing and widening the road from Tunflall, in the county of Stafford, to Bofiey in the county of Chester; and from Great Chell, to Shelton in the said county of

II. An act for amending and widening the road from Saint Benedict's Gate, in the county of the city of Norwich, to Smffham, in the county of Norfolk, and from Halfpenny Bridge

a 4

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

In Honingham,\othe bounds of ; and also a lane called

Hangman's Lane,' near the gates of the foid city.

LXVIII. An act for continuing the terms, and enlarging the powers, of several acts of parliament made for repairing the road from Ipswich to Cley don, and several other roads therein

mentioned, in the county of Suffol.

LXIX. An act to enlarge the term and powers of an a ft of the eighteenth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the road from Birmingham, in the county of Warwick (through Elmdom) to a lane leading by the end of Stonebridge in the said county.

LXX. An act to enlarge the term contained in two several acts of parliament, and to grant a further term and powers for the more effectual repairing, widening, and amending the road from a place called EarTs Kill in , to the Toll Bars

in Wallgate in Wigan, both in the county of .

LXXI. An act to continue two acts, of the third and seventeenth years of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the road leading from Galley , adjoining to field Chace,in the parish of South , in the county of

Middlesex,to Lemsford Mill in the county of .'

LXXII. An act for repairing and widening the road from

Bicefier in the county of Oxford, to in the county of

Bucks.

LXXIII. An act to impower the justices of the peace for the county of Devon to apply a sum of money, out of the county (lock, for the opening, making, and maintaining a convenient and commodious highway, from the high street in the city of Exeter to the castle of Exeter.

LXXIV. An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act made in the twentieth year of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from .Cirencester in the county of to Birdltp

Hill in the said county.

LXXV. An act for building a workhouse in the parish, of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the liberty of in

the county of Middlesex.

LXXVI, An act for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair the road from New Chapp in the county of Surry, . over Copthorn, in the county of , through Lindfieldy to the

town of Ditchling, up to the top of Ditchling Bofl Hills, in the said county of Sussex.

LXXVII. An act for amending and widening the road from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the county of the city of , tp

the Windmill in the town of Watton, in the county of Norfolk.

LXXVIII. An act for amending and widening several roads leading from the Bell in Stoke Ferry in the county of Norfolk.

LXXIX. An act to enable the pariftvioners of Saint Andrew

Holborn, London, to purchase a workhouse.

LXXX. An act for building a workhouse for the liberty of Saffron-Hillr Hatton-Garden, and , in the parish of

- Saint Andrew Holbourn, in the county of Middlesex.

LXXXI. An

v^

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

LXXXI. An act for consolidating the rates to be made for the relief of the poor of the respective parishes of Saint Saint Edmund, and Saint Martinin the city of New Sarum.

LXXXII. An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, and to enlarge the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twenty-second year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as the said act relates to* the repairing and widening the road from , in

the county of Surry, through F Lane and Midhurst,- to the city ot Chichester, in the county of Stfffex; and also for repairing and widening the road from Chichester aforesaid to Delkey, in the said county.

LXXXI1J. An act to continue and render more effectual several alts for repairing and amending the road from wade, in the county of Bedfordthrough and

to the top of Alconbury Hill> and from Bugden to ,

and from Cross Hall to Great Stoughton in the county

of Huntingdon; and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the road leading out of the aforesaid road at or near the Ferry-house, in the parish of Temps ford, to and through

Little Barford, Eynesbury, and Saint Neats, to the turnpike road at the end of Cross Hall Lane.

LXXXIV. An act for enlarging the term granted by an act of the twenty-eighth year of his late Majesty's reign, for re-** pairing and widening the road from in the county of

<c Surrey, through the borough of , by Sidlow , to

« Povey Cross, and from Sutton aforesaid, through Cheam, and

over Howell Hill, to Ewell, and also the road from Tad-“ worth, by the Windmill, to the bottom of Pebble Hill, in the

said county and for impowering the trustees appointed by an all of the tenth year of his late majesty King George the First, for repairing several roads in the counties of Surrey and Sujfev, to make a yearly allowance to the trustees appointed by the said all of the twenty-eighth of George the Second, and for taking certain roads out of the power of the trustees appointed by the said act of the tenth of George the First, and putting them under the direllipn of the trustees appointed by the said all of the twenty-eighth of George the Second; and for repairing the road from P Cross, in the county of Surrey, to the Oak dividing the counties of Surrey and Sussex and also the road from Woodbatch to Peteridge Lane, in the county of Surrey.

LXXXV. An act for repairing and widening the several roads from the South Gate, in the borough of King's-Lynn, into the parishes of East Walton, Narboro, Stoke*Ferry, and -bam-Market, in the county of N, LXXXV I. An act for repairing and widening the roads from the East Gate, in the borough of King's-Lynn, into the parishes of Geyton and Grimstone, and to the gate next -r

ton, on Congbam Common, and to the north end of Babingley Lane, in the county of Norfolk,

LXXXVII. An

t

L.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

LXXXVlI. An act tb enlarge the term and powers granted by an act passed in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, “ for repairing and widening the road from the ealV “ end of West Taphouse Lane to the borough of , and

<c from thence to Cootnb Row Hand also the road from u the said borough of Lijkeard to Craft Hole, and from thence “ to Crimble Pajjage and Tar P, and from Craft Hole a-<c foresaid to Saint German's Beacoin the counties of “ wall and Devon” and for amending the roads from Barn Street to Duke Church, and from Lux Sreet to Crathtck and from Bull Post to Treworgey in the county of Cornwall.

LXXXVIII. An a & for repairing and widening the road from Whitchurch, in the county of to the turn-

pike road at Aldermafton Great Brid, in the county of Berks.

LXXXIX. An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act made in the fifth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Stockport in the county of to

Saxon's Lane End in the county of and other roads

in the said act mentioned.

XC. An act to continue, amend, and render more effectual the several a efts now subsisting for repairing the road from Dun-church to Stone Bridge, in the county of Warwick.

XCI. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of h‘19 late Majesty,* for repairing the several roads leading from the town of Bromyard, in the county of Hereford, therein mentioned 5 and for a-

mending several other roads adjoining thereto.

XCII. An act for repairing and widening the road from Workfip to the turnpike road at and from Debdale Hill

to the great northern road at South , in the county of

Nottingham.

XCIII. An act for building a bridge over the river , near the town of Hamilton, in the county of , and for making

and repairing certain roads and avenues leading to the fame.

XCIV. An act for amending the road from -

fort, to Stratford upon Avon, in the county of Warwick.

XCV. An a£ for repairing and widening the roads leading from Brighthelmston, to the County Oak on Lovell Heath, in the

County of Sussex.

XCVI. An act for repairing and widening the roads from the borough of Bury Saint 'Edmunds, to the town of Newmarket, in the counties of Suffolk and Cambridge; and from the ibuth end of the Ferry-Street in Brandon, to Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said county of Suffolk.

XCVII. An act to extend the provisions ih two acts passed in the third and fifth years of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Cambridge to Ely, and from Ely to Littleplrt, and other roads therein mentioned, to the road from Wilburion to Mepall; and for making other provision for repairing the said road from Ely to Liftleport, and for making and keeping in re-

Le

A TABLE of thSTATUTES.

pair si road from Littliport to Chequer Corner in Down ham* in the counties of Cambridge and Norfolk.

XCV1II. An act for repairings widening, and altering the road from ‘ Macclesfield, in the county of , to the turnpike

road at Randle Carr lane Head in , in the county of Der-

by ^ leading to Chapel in the Frith, in the fame county.

XCIX. An a^t for repairing and widening several roads leading to and through the borough of , and other roads

therein mentioned, in the counties of Stafford* Warwick and Derby.

C. An act to continue the term, and to vary and enlarge the powers of two acts of the twelfth year of the reign of King George the first, and the eighteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the highways from , in the

county of Berks* to Marlborough, in the county of Wilts; and for

repairing several other roads therein mentioned.

Cl. An act for repairing and Widening the road from to Banbury, in the county of Oxford; and from Burford aforesaid

to the turnpike road leading to Sto, in the county of , at the bottom of Stow-Hill; and from , in the said

county of Oxford, to the turnpike road in , in the coun-

ty of Northampton.

CII. An act to amend an a dmade in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, forsaking a navigable cut or canal from the river Trent, at or near JVilden ,in the county

of Derby*to the river Mersey, at or near Runcorn Gap; and for

granting further powers for that purpose.

CIII. An act to explain and amend an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the river Severn, between Bewdley and Titton Brook, in the county of Wor-cester, to crOfs the river Trent, at or near Hey wood Mill, the county of Stafford-, and to communicate with a canal intended to be made between the said river Trent and the river Mersey; and for granting farther powers for that purpose.

CIV. An act to explain and amend an act made in the thir-ty-second year of the reign of King George the Second, for improving the navigation of the river , to the city of ,

and for building a bridge cross the said river, from the said city, to the village of Gorbells.

CV. An act for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal, and waggon way, from the collieries in the parishes of Old and New Monkland, to the city of Glasgow.

CVI. An act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an act made in the thirty-first year of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from the village of , to the bridge

foot in the town of Chepstow in the county of , and

other roads in the counties of Monmouth and Ghucester; and for repairing and widening several other roads adjoining to the said roads.

CVII. An kd tq continue the term, and alter and enlarge the

pow-

A TABLE of the STATUTES

powers of three acts for repairing the highways through the le-veral parities of Saint Michael, Saint Albany Saint , Shenley JRJdgty and South Mims, in the counties of Hertford and Mid-

dlesex.

CVIII. An act for continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of three acts of parliament, for repairing the roads from Seven-Oaks, Tunbridge- Wells, and Kipping*s-Cross, to

Lamberhurf-pound, and Pullin's-Hilin the county of Kent \ and to Flimivell-venty in the county of ; as relates to the road leading from Sevenoaks Common to , and

Kipping*s-CrofSy in the said county of

CIX. An act for repairing and widening several roads leading from the town of Louthy in the county of

CX. An act to explain, amend* and render more effectual, an act made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for maintaining, regulating, and employing the poor of the parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the liberty of Westminster, and county of Middlesex.

CXI. An act for compleating the navigation of the river , from its jundtion with the river Ure to Morton Bridge, and of Bedale Brook in the county of York, and for repealing part of an act made in the seventh year of his present Majesty's reign relating thereto.

CXII. An act for building a new parish church, and declaring the present parish church a chapel; for making a ccemetery or church-yard; and for building an house for the use of the minister of the parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the county of Middlesex.

CXIII. An act for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the roads from Butterton Moor End near , in the county of Stafford,to the three mile (tone in the turnpike road leading from Buxton to AJhborne, in the county of , and from

Blackton Moor, in the county of to the turnpike road

leading from Buxton to AJhborne near , in the county of Derby; and from War flow to in the county of

Stafford.

CX1V. An act for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from Leeds Bridge, in the county of York, to the North Lady's Walk in Liverpool, in the county palatine of Lancojlery and from thence to the river Me/fey.

PRIVATE ACTS.

AN act to enable the right honourable George

commonly called lord George , and his issue

male, to take and use the surname of , purfu-

ant to the will of the right honourable the lady Elizabeth Germain, deceased.

2. An act for naturalizing John Caspar

A TAB LE of the STATUTES.

3. An act for naturalizing Adam KrolL <

4. An act for naturalizing John Daniel

5. An act to enable the Bishop of Bristol to grant a lease or

leases of a close of Ground, commonly called ,

in the parish of Saint Augujline, other wise called

the left, within the city of Bristol* or the suburbs thereof.

6. An act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the open fields,

and certain commonable places, in the parish of , in

the county of Leicester.

7. An act for dividing, inclosing* and allotting the open fields,

in the parish of Rat by, and county of .

8. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, common meadows, common pastures, commons, and waste grounds, in the parish of Waddington, in the county of the city of .

9. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open fields

and commonable places, in the parish of in the county of Leicester.

10. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open fields and

common pastures, in the parish of in the county of

Lincoln.

11. An .act for dividing and inclosing the open commons, within the manor or lordship of Brampton, in the parish of Long-mart on y in the county of Westmoreland.

12. An act for dividing and inclosing an open common, or trad of ground, parcel of Mendip, in the parishes of cran* more and West Cranmore, in the county of

13. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain common, or waste ground, called Derby Hills, in the county of Derby, parcel of the manor of Cajile Donington, in the counties of Leicester and Derby.

14 An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and com-

mon fields, common pastures, common meadows, and commonable grounds, in the parish of in the county of

Oxford.

15 An act to enable William , and his- issue, to take

and use the surname and arms of pursuant to the'will

of William Backwell deceased.

16. An act to enable William Head Esquire, a minor, and his

issue, to take and use the surname of James only* and to bear the coat of armour of the family of James Esquire, deceased.

17. An act for naturalizing Christian Gottlieb .

18. An act for naturalizing John Nicholas .

19. An act for naturalizing John Julius Atigerfiein.

20. An act for vetting the manor of , and certain

lands and hereditaments in the counties of Somerset and Wilts* settled by the will of John Walker Esquire, deceased, in trustees, to be sold 5 and for settling other lands and hereditaments in the said county of Wilts* in lieu thereof $ and for other purposes therein mentioned.

21. An act for discharging certain estates from the uses and t;ufts thereof, created in and by *n act of parliament passed it*

the

‘by

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

the twenty-eighth year of his late Majesty's reign, intituled,

act for charging the settled and unsettled tf Gilbert Caldicot

Esquire, with raising money, to pay his debts and , and

for limiting his unsettled estates so charged to the uses of his marriage fettlment; and for charging the said estates to the several ufe?* and trusts therein mentioned.

22 An act for dividing ahd inclosing certain open and common % fields and grounds, within the parish of Benniworth in the county of Lincoln.

23. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common

fields, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Navenby, in the county of .

24. An act for dividing and inclosing part of the common fields, in the parish of Uppingham, in the county of

25. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open lands,

grounds, and common pastures, in the parish of in

the county of Lincoln.

26. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and wade

grounds, within the township and manor of in -

ford Dale, in the west riding of the county of York

27. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, downs, meadows, and waste lands, within the manor or manors of

Compton,in the parish of Enford, in the county of Wilts.

28. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and waste grounds, within the manor or parish of BaJJenthwaite, in the county of Cumberland.

20. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open fields, * copies, and commonable ground, within the parish of ,

otherwise Divington Parva, in the county of Northampton.

30. An act for dividing and inclosing Heath, in the

Lordship of Wyvill cum Hungerton, in the county of Lincoln.

31. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain parcel of open

ground, called Dunnington Moorfm the east riding of the county o{ York.

32. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common pasture, and other uninclosed grounds, within the township of West Heflerton and parish of Ye in the east riding of the county of York.

33. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands, within the parish of Bottesford, including the hamlets of Easthorpe and Normanton, in the county of Leicefte.

34. An act for dividing and inclosing two common stinted pastures, and a certain moor or common, within the manor of Bftlerby, in the north riding of the county of York.

35. An act for dividing and inclosing a parcel of open ground, in the township of Earfwick, in the county of York.

36. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, and waste ground, in the lordftiip or liberty of Ravenflone, otherwise Rjounfton,In the counties of Leicester and Derby.

37. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

mon fields, lands, and downs, within the manor and parHh of

Wejlwell, in the county of Oxfordr.

38. An act for dividing and inclosing several common fields

and commonable lands, within the parish of , in the

county of Warwick.

39. An act for dividing and inclosing the open parts of the common arable fields, and the common meadows, pasture grounds, commons, and waste grounds, within the townmips of

Sberburn, Renner ton,Barkston-AJb,Church , Little Fenton and

Biggen, in the county of York.

40. An act for amending, and rendering more effectual, an act

made in the seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for dividing a certain Fen, called the; Hautre Huntre, Eight

Hundred, or Holland Fen, and certain other commonable places -joining thereto, in the parts 0/* Holland, in the county ^Lincoln.

41. An act for amending and rendering more effectual an act

made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for draining and improving certain low andfen

lands, lying between Bofion Haven and Bourne, parts of Kef-

even and Holland, in the county of Lincoln, and for improving the navigation through the said lands.

42. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields,

common meadows, common cow pasture, lammas grounds, and waste grounds, in the parish of in the county of

43. An act for naturalizing John Jacob Appach.

44. An act for naturalizing John Gottfried Hanman.

45. An act for veiling a certain messuage or tenement, with,,

the appurtenances, in Arlington in the county of Middle-

fix, part of the settled estate of the most noble Evelyn duke of Kingston, in trustees and their heirs, in trust for the said duke; and for settling other estates of the said duke to the same uses as the said meftuage and premises now stand limited.

46. An act for vesting several lands and tenements, settled and intailed upon Jacob Pleydell Bouverie, commonly called vifcbunt Folkestone, and William Earl of Ra, and their issue respectively, by the will of Sir Mark Stuart Pleydell baronet, deceased, in trustees, to be sold, to discharge incumbrances; and for veiling several lands and tenements settled and entailed upon the said earl and his issue, by the will of Sir Edward des Bouverie Baronet deceased, in trustees, to be sold jvand for settling other lands and hereditaments in lieu thereof.

47. An act for veiling the fee simple and inheritance of certain lands and hereditaments, in the parish of Winterbourne Clenston, ki the county of Dorfit, in trustees, for the right honourable Jofiph Lord Milton and his heirs, discharged of the several charitable uses to which the fame now stand limited; and in lieu thereof to subject and charge the fame, and other lands and hereditaments in the fame county, whereof the said Jofiph Lord

Milton, is seised in fee, with the .payment of a perpetual relit charge of greater value, and for other purposes.

48. An act to enable the right honourable George Lord

Jr

A TABLE of STATUTES.

eomle, to grant building leases of lands, tenements, and heredity ments, within the manor of Stoneho, otherwise East Stonehouse, in the county of Devon.

49. An a 6tfor confirming an agreement, afterwards made an

order of assize, and rule of his Majesty's court of King's bench at JVefiminster, in a cause wherein on the demise of

William Sahin Esquire and Catherine his wife was plaintiff, and

Margaret Thornton and Mary Thornfpinfters, infants* by their guardians, were defendants, touching the manor of -

ton, capital messuage of Netherwitton, and other messuages, lands* and hereditaments, in the county of Northumberland, heretofore the estate of John Thornton, late of Netherwitton aforesaid, Esquire* deceased; and for confirming the award made in pursuance of the said agreement.

50. An act to impower the trustees named in the settlement of Sir George Rooinfon Baronet, and dame Dorothea his wife, to grant building and repairing leased of the settled estates in or near Tower-Hill, within the liberty of the tower of London j and for other the purposes therein mentioned.

51. An act to enable the trustees of the estates devised by William Hulme Esquire, to grant building leases thereof, and to increase the number of exhibitioners in Nose , Ox-

ford, founded by the said Testator ; and for other the purposes therein mentioned.

52. An act for vesting the manor of and certain messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in Snelston, in the county of

Derby,comprised in the marriage settlement of Thomas Dockfey Esquire, in trustees, in trust to sell and convey the fame to thur Bowyer gentleman, and his heirs, discharged from the uses of the said settlement; and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof to the fame uses.

53. An act for vesting the share and interest of George Rich Esquire, second son of Sir Robert Rich Baronet, deceased, of and in 6000/. (which, by the settlement made on the marriage of the said Sir Robert Rich, with dame Elizabeth Rich, his now widow, was secured for the benefit of their younger children) in the executors of the said Sir Robert Rich, as part of his personal estate, pursuant to a codicil to his will, made for that purpose.

54. An act for sale of the settled estate of the honourable George Hobart, in the county of Lticefler; and for favefting the monies to arise from such sale, in the purchase of other lands, to be settled to the like uses.

55. An act for establishing and confirming an exchange of di-

vers lands and hereditaments, in the parish of Dovebridge, in the county of Derby, for other lands and hereditaments, in the same parish, pursuant to an agreement between John clerk,

master of arts, vicar of the vicarage and parish church of Dove-bridge, within the diocese of Litchfield and Coventry, and Sir Henry Cavendish Baronet, by and with the consent of the patron of the said vicarage, and the ordinary of the diocese.

A TABLEof the STATUTES.

56. An act for impowering the guardians named in the will of William Throckmorton Bromley Esquire, deceased, to make sale of

timber growing upon part of his settled estates; and for inverting the money thereby ariiing in the purchase of lands for the benefit of his infant children.

57. An act for eftabfilhing, ratifying, and confirming, all sales, partitions, and divisions, made, or to be made, by virtue of the powers or authorities contained in the several marriage fetdements of Sir Walter Blount Baronet, and the honourable dame Mary his wife, and of the honourable Thomas Clifford the elder, and the honourable Barbara his wife, and for other purposes.

58. An act to explain and amend an act, passed in the eleventh

year of the reign of his majesty King George the first, intituled, An act for vesting in trustees several , and heredita-

ments, in the counties of York and Derby, the maintenance of the poor persons in the hospital of Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury, long

fate deceased, situate at Sheffield, thecounty of York; and

for enlarging the buildings of the said and adding more poor

persons to those already established therein; and for enlarging the powers contained in the said act, and for other purposes.

59. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open fields, mea-

dows, pasture leys, and stinted common pastures, in the town-ship and parish of Matton, in the county of .

60. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common

I fields, at Little Stretton, in the parish of and county of

Leicester.

61. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, and commonable lands and grounds, within the liberties of Stoke Goldingtoin the county of .

62 An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Souldrop,in the county of . 1

63. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, mea-

dows, common pasture, and all other open, common, and waste lands, in the parish of Normanton upon , in the county of Not-

tingham.

64. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common

fields, common pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parish of Saint in the county of

tingdon.

65. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, and

other commonable lands and grounds, within the manor and parish of Abington Pigotts, 'otherwise in the in the

county of Cambridge.

66. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and common fields, and the Midsummer and Lammas and other commonable meadows, pastures, and grounds, and the common or waste ground called Aulcester Heath, within the manor of Aul-

cester, in the county of Warwick.

67. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, mea-

dows, common pastures, and waste grounds, within the town-Vol. XXVIII. b lliips

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ships of West borough and Doddington, in the parish of Wejiborough

cum Doddington, in the county of .

68. An act so» dividing and inclosing certain open fields, lands, and commons, within the township and parish of Ufeburn9 in the west riding of the county of York.

69 An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, downs^ commons, and other commonable lands, in the parish of , in the county of .

70. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, downs, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, in the parish of Not grove, in the county of Gloucester.

71. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open fields, lands, and grounds. Within the township of East , in the

parish of Aldborough, in Holderness^ in the county of York.

72. An act for dividing certain commons, or wastes, in the parish of Saint Mary Newington, commonly called Newington

Butts, in the county of Surrey, and disposing of the fame for the benefit of the poor of the said parish.

73. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open fields and commonable places, in the parish of , in the county of Leicester.

74. An act for veiling the settled estates of John Earl of Clan-

ruarde, in the kingdom of Ireland, in trustees, discharged of the

uses and tfufts of his marriage articles, and a voluntary settlement made by him; and for refettling the fame to the several uses, and upon the trusts, therein mentioned.

75. An act for veiling a me fib age in Pall , and the pictures and furniture thereunto belonging, in George Earl of 0r-

ferd, discharged from certain trusts created thereof; and for settling freehold lands, in the county of , of greater value,

in lieu thereof, to the uses therein mentioned.

76. An act to enable the surviving executor named in the will

of William Lock Esquire, deceased, to lay out the residue of the

personal estate of the said William Lock9 or some part thereof, in the purchase of estates in Ireland, to be conveyed, settled, and af-sured, to the uses, upon the trusts, and for the intents and purposes, apd subject to the powers and provisoes, mentioned, declared, and contained, in and by the said will, instead of laying out the fame in the ppfehafe of estates in , as by the

said will is directed.

77. An act for enabling Thomas Cartwright esquire to fell, in fee simple, part of the settled estates of the said Thomas -

VJright, to discharge incumbrances ; and for settling the remainder of the said estates to the several uses therein mentioned.

78. An act for veiling the freehold estates, late of James

Nellhorpe esquire, deceased, in trustees, in order that the fame, pr a sufficient part thereof, may be fold, to raise money, to be applied to pay off the debts and incumbrances charged upon and affecting the fame; and for laying out the surplus of the purchase-money upon the trusts, and for the purposes therein expressed.

A TABLE of1 the STATUTES,

79. An act for confirming a jointure made by John Martin esquire, under a power contained in the will of James Martin esquire, deceased, and rendering the fame power more effectual.

80. An act for sale of part of the settled estates late of Richard Champneys esquire, deceased* for payment of his debt? and legacies; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

81. An act for veiling certain manors and lands, in the county

of Norfolk, part of the settled estates of Charlotte countess of

jfyiesfordy and her issue, in Heneage earl of and hisr

heirs; and for settling other manbrs, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Warwick, the estates of the said earl, of greater and better value, to the like uses, in lieu thereof.

82. An act for veiling several messuages, or tenements, and

hereditaments,^ situate and being in Stable Yard , in the parish of Greenwich, in the.county of lately the estate of

‘Thomas Ebvey bricklayer, deceased, in trustees, to be sold to

the commisioners, or governors, and diredors of the royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich, for the use of the said hospital $ and for applying the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to be conveyed to such uses as the said messuage or tenements do now ft and limited.

83. An act to enable Charles Anderson (now called Charles

Pelhamy) Charles Anderson the uncle, and Evelyn , en-

quires, to make jointures, upon their respective marriage^, out of the estates devised to them by the will of, late

of Brocklefly, in the county of Lincoln esquire, deceased.

84. An act for veiling the two undivided fourth parts of

Prifcilia Allet (the wife of John Allet esquire) and of William

James Warnery Samuel George Warnery Rebecca , and

Mary Jane Charlotte Warnery the only children of Alice Warner (the late wife of William Warner gentleman,) of and in the manors or reputed manors of Great Bourton and Little ,

and divers messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the parishes of Great Bourton and LittleBourton9 in the county of ,

in trustees, to sell and convey the fame to William gen-

tleman ; and for laying out the money arising by such sale in three pounds per centum consolidated bank annuities, to be fe-cured and transferred in manner therein mentioned.

85. An act to confirm, and render valid and effectual, a par-

tition of divers manors, lands, and hereditaments, in the several counties of Somersety Wilts % Worcester9 Dorsety , and

Middlesex, and in the city of London9 late the estates of Thomas Prowfe esquire, deceased, and which, upon the death of George

Prowfeefquire, his only son, devolved upon, and veiled in, the two daughters and coheirefles of the said Thomas Prowfe deceased 5 and for settling and alluring the manors, lands, and hereditaments, which, upon the said partition, have been allotted as the specific part or share of each of the said daughters, to the several uses therein limited.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

86. An act for dividing and inclosing several common fields,

meadow grounds, common pastures, and other uninclaied grounds, within the township or territories of Upper Dunsfortb and Branton, in the county of York.

87. An act for inclosing several open and common fields, and commonable lands, in the manor and parish of , in the county of Lincoln.

88. An act for dividing and inclosing the open arable fields, meadows, grounds, commons, pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the manor oi\Qomberford and Wig-

gington,, or prebends of Wiggington and Coion, in the county of

Stafford.

89. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common

fields, common meadows, common pastures, a cow pasture, and other commonable lands, within the parishes of Great Carlton and Castle Carlton, in the cpunty of .

90. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, and grounds, within the township of Great Cowden, in the several panfries of Mapleton and Ald-

brough, in Iioldernefs,in the east riding of the county of York.

91. An act for dividing and inclosing the open arable fields,

meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, in the parish of Mat ter fey, in the county of Nottingham.

92. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open fields,

common pastures, and open lands and grounds, within the town ship of Eafington, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the

county of York.

93. ' An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields, meadows, pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, in East Heflerton, in the parish of West He fter ton, in the East Riding of the county of York.

94. An act for dividing and inclosing such of the open parts

of the district called the forest of , in the county of

Yorks as lie within the eleven constableries thereof 5 and for other purposes therein mentioned.

95. An act to enable the right honourable James ,

the right honourable Robert Craggs lord viscount , and the right honourable Welbore Ellis, to take, in Great , the

oath of office, as vice treasurer, and receiver general, and pay-master general, of all his Majesty's revenues in the kingdoiA of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the enjoyment of the

said offices.

96. An act to enable the right honourable Robert lord viscount Clare,the right honourable Welbore , and the

right honourable George lord Edgecu, to take, in Great

tain, the oath of office, as vice treasurer, and receiver general, and paymaster general, of all his Majesty's revenues in the kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the enjoyment of the said offices.

FINIS.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c,

Anno regni GEORGII III, Regis Magna Britannia, Francia, Hibernia,

oEtavo.

AT the parliament begun and West-

minster, the nineteenth day a/'May, Anno Dom.

1761, in the first year of the reign of our sovereign

lord GEORGE the Third,by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by several prorogations to the twenty fourth day of November, 1767, being the seventh session of the twelfth parliament of Great Britain,

CAP. I.

An act to continue and amend an act made in the last session of parliament, to prohibit, for a limited time, the exportation of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, and ft arch, and also the extraction of low wines ana -. rits from wheat and wheat flour.

WHEREAS it is expedient that the law herein after - Preamble.

timed Should be continued and amended; May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act to prohibit, for a limited time, the exportation of corn. Recited aft grain, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch, and also the extraction continued till of low wines and spirits from wheat and wheat flour, shall con- day®after tinue, and shall be in full force and effect, ana be carried into mencement of execution, until the twentieth day after the commencement of next session of y*e next session of parliament; except such parts of the said act parliament, as are herein after varied or altered. &c*

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- But this act rity aforesaid. That this act shall not extend to any wheat, flour,« not to exmalt, barley, bread, biscuit, or pease, to be transported out ofte«d to such or from the port of Southampton only, unto the islands of Jersey, oth** ^dcies VoL. XXVIII. B Guernsey, hereeaumera*

t Anno octavo Georgii in C. ir [1767"#

ted, as shall be Guernsey, and Alderney, or any of them, for the only use of the tran(ported inhabitants of those islands; so as the exporter, before the lad-air.pton^tp" in % commodities, or laying the fame on board, do be-

jersey,Guem- come bound, with other sufficient fecyrity, in |reble the voluo fey, and Al- thereof, which the customer or comptroller of the fame port derney fonhe^h hereby power to take in his Majesty's name, and to his habitants m* Majesty's use, and for which security no fee or reward shall be there. given or taken, that such commodities shall be landed in the

The exporter said islands of jersey, Guernf and , or one of them

gmngfecimty (the danger of the seas only excepted) for the use of the inha-landine there- ^tants were, and shall not be landed or fold in any other parts 0ff s whatsoever; and to return the like certificates or the landing and returning the fame there, as are required by the said act made in the la(t a certificate session of parliament on the exportation of the said commodities within the to the British colonies in A, and within the time for that inthefaid^l* PurP°^c *n the said act mentioned; and so as the quantity of d r tl * w^eat» A°ur> malt, barley, bread, biscuit, and pease, which at cuantityS<ioe any t*me or tiroes after the passing of this act, and during the not excetd in continuation thereof, shall be shipped at the said port for the said the whole 5000 islands, or either of them, as aforesaid, doth not exceed in the quarters. whole five thousand quarters; any thing in the said act con tainted to the contrary notwithstanding.

Nor is it to III. Provided also, That this act, or the said former act, (half extend to such not extend to any wheat, barley, oats, meal, or flour, to be wheat, &c. as transported out of or from the ports of Whitehaven or Liverpool ortedVom”^ on^ into the Ve of Man for the only use of the inhabitants of White-haven that hknd; so as the exporter, before the lading of such wheat, or Liverpool barley, oats, meal, or flour, or laying the fame on board, do to the Ille of become bound with other sufficient security in treble the value ** * t^ereo^ (which the customer or comptroller of either of the said habitants ” Ports respectively hath hereby power to take in his Majesty's there; name, and to his Majesty's use) (for which security no fee or *rr reward shall be given or taken) that such wheat, barley, oats,

givhigfecuri- roeal, or flour, shall be landed in the said Ijk of Man (the dan-ty, ger of the seas only excepted) for the use of the inhabitants

there, and shall not be landed or fold in any other parts what-and returning soever; and to return the like certificates of the landing the ^certificate, fame there, as are required by the said act made in the last fefc> fion of parliament on the exportation of the said commodities to the British colonies in , and within the time for that

and so as the purpose in the said act mentioned; and so as the whole quanttv flnp- quantity of wheat, barley, oats, meal, and flour, which at any ports^o^not time or tiroes a^ter the Pa(sing of this act, and during the con-exceed i.500 tinuation thereof, shall be shipped at both the said ports for the qusiteis in the said IJlt of Many shall not exceed in the whole two thousand "bole, &c. five hundred quarters; one moiety thereof to be exported front the said port of Whitehaven, and the other moiety thereof to 6e exported from the said port of Liverpoole : any thing in the said act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Nor fc to ex- IV. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall wheat° &c h ex*cnc*to prohibit the committee of merchants trading to Afrit#

t^

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 2.' 3

from exporting, during the continuance of this a<$, any quan- exported by tity of wheat flour not exeeding two hundred quarters, or anythc African quantity of bread or biscuit not exceeding fifteen tons in the AfSca % o? whole of such bread or biscuit, or of such bread and biscuit to- exceeding a gether, to the British forts, castles, and factories, in , for certain quan-the support of the persons residing there; so as the like feeurity eactl be given for the exporting thereof as is required by the said act*ort' .c* to b ergiven by persons carrying the said commodities to the ingUfirf?given. British colonies in America,

V. Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority afore- None of the said. That no corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, or commodities flareh, which shall be exported by virtue of this act, shall be in- a° *Entitled to titled to any of the bounties or drawbacks which are allowed and any drawback, made payable on the exportation of such commodities, or any

of them.

VI. Provided nevertheless, That the said continuation may Provision for be abridged or shortened ; and this act, and the said former abridging the act, or both or either of them, or any part thereof, may be al- oralterineThe tered and varied by any other act or a61s to be made in this said act. prefen t session. of parliament.

CAP. II.

An a£2 to continue fiveral allsmade in the of

liament , for allowing the importation of wheat, wheat ,

barley, barley meal, pulse, oats, oatmeal, rye, and rye ,

duty free , and also so much of an all made in the same session as relates to the free importation of rice from his Majesty*s colonies in North America *, and to allow the importation of wheat and wheat flour from Africa, a limited time, free of duty,

WHEREAS it is expedient that the laws herein after - Preamble*.

tioned Should be continued; May it therefore please your

Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enabled by the-King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the several acts made in the last session or parliament 5 that is to say, an act, intituled, An act for allowing the importation of Recited a wheat and wheat flour from his Majesty* s colonies America, continued.

this kingdom, for a limited time, free of 5 and also so much of

an act, intituled, An act for allowing the free importation of rice, tadon of nee [ago - powder y and vermicelli, into this kingdom, from his until 1 Jan.

colonies in North America, for a limited time, as relates to the *769* importation of rice* shall Continue, and shall be in full force and eflfeft, and be carried into execution, until the first day of Januaryone thousand seven hundred and (ixtyrvine; and an act, intituled, An act for further allowing the importation of Also the two wheat and wheat flour, barley, barley meal, free of da- a^s here re-

9, into this kingdom from any part of Europe; and also* an act, continued till jntittiled* Air act for allowing the importation of , and oatmeal, 10 days after'

u:ty B z rye, the com-

the next session of parliament.

6d. per lb. on the re-ex.

to the exchequer, and re-served for the difpofitiop of parliament.

4 Annd octavo GeorgiiIIL c. a. [1767

mencement of rye and rye mealy into this kingdom, for a limited free of duty —#■ shall continue> and shall be in full force and effect, and be car*

ried into execution, until the twentieth day after the commence* ment of the next session of parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

________ That for and upon all rice which shall be imported into this

portation of all kingdom duty-free by virtue of this act, and which shall be a-rice import- gain exported thereout, there shall be paid and answered to his cd duty-free, Majesty, his heirs and successors, a subsidy of poundage ol six pence in the pound, according to the value or rate set upon rice imported in the book of rates referred to by the act of the twelfth year of King Charles the Second ; which laid subsidy of six pence in the pound upon such rice so exported, shall be raif-ed, levied, collected, and recovered, by such ways and means, and under such rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, as the subsidy of poundage for any goods or merchandizes exported from Great Britain may be raised, levied, collected, or reco-. vered, by any act of parliament now in force, as fully and effec-

tually, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, pow-to be paid in- ers, directions, penalties and forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act; and that such duties shall (the necelTary charges of management excepted) be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and be there reserved for the disposition of parliament.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful to and for any of his Majesty's subjects to import into Great , in any ship or vessel na-

imported du- vigated according law, at any time or times before the first day Africa b°an January,one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, any of his Majes”y wheat or wheat flour from any part of , without the pay-ty's subjects, ment of any subsidy, custom, duty, or imposition whatsoever ; *cc, at any any thing in any former or other act or acts of parliament to the time before contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

1 jan. 17 9. jy pj-oyi^d ajf0j anc| be it further enaSed by the authort-STmadeof alla^orela^> That due entries shall be made in such manner commodities a°d form as were used or practised before the commencement so imported; of the last session of parliament, of the said commodities which - shall be imported into this kingdom by virtue of this act, at the custom-house belonging to the ports of importation; or, in otherwise they default thereof, the commodities so imported, and whereof such are liable to entries shall not be made, shall be subject and liable to such and pay duty. the fame duties as would have been payable thereon, in case the The said com-free importation thereof had not been allowed; and that all ^ti^may such Wheat, wheat flour, barley, barley meal, pulse, oats, and oatmeal, and rye and rye meal, may be carried coastwise, during the continuance of this act, under the fame regulations as the like articles, being the growth of this kingdom, are allowed to be carried coastwise; any thing in any act or acts of parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided nevertheless, That the said continuations or any abridging the of them, may be abridged or shortened; and this act, and the

said

Wheat and wheat flour allowed to be

be carried coastwise.

Provision for

t^

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 3-5* 5

kid former acts, or any of them, or any part thereof, may he continuations altered and varied by any other act or acts to be made in this J*?1*^lngthe present session of parliament. a **

CAP. III.

An act for the free importation of Indian corn, or maize, from any of his Majestfs colonies in America, for a time

therein limited.

WHEREAS the importation of Indian com, or maize, from Preamble.

any of his Majestfs colonies in America, Great Britain,

for a limitea tithe, duty free, may be of advantage to this kingdom:

May it please your Majesty, that it may be enactedj and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it shall and may be lawful to and for Indian com, any person or persons whatsoever to import any Indian com, or or maize* al-maize, from any of his Majesty's colonies in into Great doited from

Britain,at any time or times before the first day of February, any of his Ma-one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, without the pay- jesty's colonies ment of any subsidy, custom, duty, or imposition whatsoever; America, and that the fame may also be carried coastwise, under such re- duty .' gulatioris as wheat ana wheat flour of the growth of this king- ?£fany ‘ dom are.now allowed to be carried coastwise, at all times before

the said first day of February, one thousand seven hundred and 7 * sixty nine , any thing in any former or other act or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- Provided a rity aforesaid. That a due entry shall be made, in such manner due.enft.ry bef * and form as were used or practised before the making of this act,ma e ereo * of all Indian corn, or maize, which shall be imported or brought into this kingdom before the said first day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, at the custom-house belonging to the port into which the fame shall be imported or brought in $ or otherwise, in default of making such entry, .such otherwise to Mian corn, or maize, shall be liable and subject to such and be to\ the fame duties as were payable upon the importation thereofpay u cs*^ before the making of this act; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. IV.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and iixty eight.

CAP. V.

An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act passed in the seventh year of his present Majestfs reignr intituled, An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the several Statutes now in being for the amendment and preservation of the publick high-3 3 ways

6

Preamble, reciting a clause and proviso in an act of the last tduon. c« 4.0.

The recited clause and proviso repealed.

Restrictionsin the receited act, concerning the number of horses, not to extend to carriages employed in carrying any of the particulars herein mentioned. Act 14. and 15 Hen. 8. and a6 Hen. 8. which were repealed by the recited act of the last session, are revived and to be in full force* Nothing in the recited or present act, touching the making and returning lifts of persons qualified to be

Anno octavo GeoRgh III. c. 5. £1

ways of this kingdom > and for other purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act: to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the several Statutes now in being for the amendment and preservation of the publick highways of this kingdom 5 and for other purposes therein mentioned ; it is, among other things, enacted and' declared, That no waggon,. having the wheels bound with freaks or tire breadth

than two inches and 4half, when worn, or being fet and fajiened on

with rose- headed nails, shall go or, be drawn with more than three \

horses ; and that every owner or driver of any such waggon shall forfeit and lose all such horses above the number three, with all gears* bridles, halters, and accoutrements, to the foie and benefit of any perfonor persons who shall seize or difirain the fame', with a proviso next

after the said clause, containing particular restrictions as therein mentioned: and whereas great inconveniencies and may ,

from the said clause, which require an immediate remedy: therefore, for preventing thereof for the future, be it enacted by the King's tnoA excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirittaal and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That as well the said clause as the said proviso, and every thing therein respectively contained, shall be, and the fame is and are hereby repealed and made void so all intents and purposes.

. IL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ho~ thing in the said receited act contained concerning the number of horses, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any carts, waggons, or other carriages emp.oyed only in carrying any on© stone, block of marble, cable rope, piece of metal or timber,, or to such ammunition or artillery as shall be for his Majesty's. service.

III. And whereas in and by the said act, an act passed in the fourteenth and fifteenth of King Henrytbe Eighth, for altering highways in the weld of Kent; and an act paJJ'ed in the year of the said King, intituled.*, A bill for the ^highways in the county of Sussex, are repealed: and whereas great benefits have arisen to the highways of the said counties of Kent and Sussex, from the exercise of the powers given by the said acts last mentioned: therefore be it hereby further enacted, That the said last mentioned acts shall be, and the fame are hereby revived, and shall be and remain in full force and efteft to all intents and purposes whatsoever,

IS/'. And be It further'enacted'by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in the said receited act or this act contained, touching the making and returning lifts of qualified persons to be fur* veyors of the highways, and the appointment of such surveyors, nor the repeal of part of an act made in the third year of King TVilliam and Queen Mary relating to such surveyors, shall extend,

or be construed, deemed, or taken to extend, to the city of

* yty'l Anno octavo Georgii III. c. , jl

Briftolj but that the several acts of parliament which have been surveyors of paiied previous to the said act of last session relative to surveyors and^he a of the highways, and to cleansing, paving, lighting, and regulat- pointmcnrof ing, the streets and other places within the said city, shall remain such survey-in full force, and be executed in as full and ample manner and o**s; nor the form, to all intents and purposes, as the fame might or ought to have been, if neither the said act of last session, nor this act, ° wih&Mary, had ever been made j and the competent number of qualified relating to persons, of which a list is directed by the said act of the third of such survey-King William and Queen Mary to be returned for each parish ^^tcTthe^" to the justices at their special sessions, in order for the appoint- city of Briftol| tnent of surveyors, is hereby declared, so far as concerns the but the feve-city of Bristol, shall be ten at the least; and that all appoint- ral acts, pre-ments of such surveyors that have been made within the said vlo.us *° !^ef city by virtue of the said act of last session, shall from lienee- the last session, forth be void. relative to fur-

veyors, and to the cleansing, lighting, &c. the streets in Bristol, are to be in force, and fufly executed. The number of qualified persons, directed by act 3 Wil. &.M. to be returned, in the lifts for each parish, to the justices, as far as concerns Bristol, is to consist of 10 at the least; and all appointments of surveyors, within the said city, under the act of the last session, are from henceforth declared void.

CAP. VI.

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose ; and to indemnify members, and 'officers in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose ad millions have been omitted to be llamped according to law, prf having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped.

Preamble, reciting the several qualifying acts of i Geo. i. 13 Car. a. *5 Car. s. 30 Car. *. 8 Geo. 1. 9 Geo. 1. 18 Geo. a. and 6 Geo. 3. Persons, who at, or before, the passing of this act, have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments, as the laws {lireft, &c. and who shall duly qualify themselves on or before 15 Dec. 1768, are indemnified for any such previous omission, and recapacitated; and all elections and acts done, or to be done, by them, &c. are declared to be as valid, as if, they had before duly qualified themselves as the said several acts direct j except in such cases where final judgement hath been given in any court for the penalty incurred by any such omission. Town clerks, and other publick officers, and persons whose appointments, and admissions, or entries of admissions in the court books, may not have been provided ; or not duly stampt; or which have been lost or mislaid ; providing, See. the fame on or before *5 Dec. J768, are confirmed in their offices, and indemnified, notwithstanding such'omission. Offices, &c. already avoided by judgement of a court, and legally filled up, confirmed. Persons sued may plead the general issue.

CAP. VII.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion ; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Preamble. Number of forces 17,153, including 1,460 invalids. After 14. March 1768, during the continuance of this act, every officer and private man, who shall mutiny or desert, &c. or lift ih any other regiment, c. pr shall be found Ueeping on, or shall desert, his post, or hold illegal cor-respondence with the enemies of his Majesty, or shall strike, or disobey* his superior officer; shall suffer death, or such punishment as a court-martial shall inflict. The king may grant a commission to hold a court-martial, See. Courts-martial may inflict corporal punishment for immoral Ijties, Sec. General coart-martial not to consist of less than 133 (except

B 4 within

le

Anno oflavoGeoRGII III. c; 7. [ 17^7*

Within thegarrifonsofGoreeand Senegal, &c.) and thepresidentto be afield officer or officer next in seniority, not under the degree of a captain $ (except in the garrisons of Goree and Senegal, where they are to consist of 5 at least:) may administer an oath to witnesses. Officers to be sworn. The oath. The oath. The judge advocate to be sworn. The oath. In sentences of death, the number of officers to concur, Sec. Hours of trial. Deserter may be adjudged to serve in any corps abroad for life, or a term of years { but returning without leave before expiration of such term, he shall suffer death. The party tried, intitled to a copy of the sentence and proceedings of the court-martial. Original proceedings. See, of courts-martial to be transmitted to the judge advocate general in London, See. None to be tried a Second time for the fame offence, except in case of appeal. This act not to exempt Soldiers from ordinary process. Penalty on false certificates to excuse Soldiers from muffers. Penalty on officers making false mutters, Sec. Fictitious names allowed by his Majesty's order upon the mutter-rolls, for the maintenance of officers widows, not to be conltrued a false muster. Mutter matter to give notice of mutter to mayor. See. Penalty on mutter-matter neglecting so to do. Mutter-rolls to be signed by the mayor. See. Penalty on persons offering themselves to be falsly muttered. Horses falsly muttered, to be forfeited, &c. Forfeiture how to be levied. Officer embezilling, Sec. military stores, to be cashiered, and forfeit 100 /. and the damage to be made good by Sale ef his goods and chattels ; for want of dittrefs, the person to committed. Application of th* forfeiture. Mutter-matter, Sec. 1 taking a rifttfter, to make oath. The oath. Mutter-

rolls, though transmitted without the oath indorsed to the paymasters general, to be good vouchers to the auditor. Penalty on agent. Sec. detain* ing officer's or Soldier's pay. Weekly rates. Penalty on agents disobeying of orders. Surgeon, Sec. within ten miles of London, Sec. to certify who are sick ; and commanding officer, who are employed in railing recruits* Penalty on officer muttering persons by wrong names. Constables, Sec. to quarter officers and men in inns, ale-houses, But in nodistillers houses,

or shopkeepers, or in any private houses. Penalty on constables. Sec. quartering Soldiers in private houses, &c. Penalty on officers quartering soldiers contrary to this act, &c. Persons aggrieved by being quartered on, may complain to any justices, and be relieved. No justice having any military office, to be concerned in billeting his soldiers. Officers and soldiers to pay rates for their provisions. What inn-bolders may allow men quarter'd on them, instead of meat. Penalty on taking money to excuse any person from quartering. Dragoons, &c. and their horses, to be billeted in the fame house. Manner of changing men and horses. Clause relating to a Soldier's settlement for his wife and children. Officers, Sec. to be quartered in Scotland as the laws in force at the union direCt. No pay-matter, Scc. to make deductions out of officers or private mens pay. Exceptions. Treasury may issue out the money due for clothing, every two months. Paymatters to aeduCt the off-reckonings. Officers to give notice to innkeepers of fubfittence-money in their hands. Rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers, &c. for soldiers quarters. Penalty on officers not paying subsistence money. On nonpayment of quarters, the officers to make up accounts. Sec. No muster in Westminster, but in the presence of two or more justices. Constables, Sec. may billet soldiers in Westrnin- #er, &c. Petty constables, Sec. to quarter soldiers in thpir respective divi. lions. Constables, Sec.to deliver lifts at quarter sessions, on oath, of inha-

bitants, and soldiers quartered in their respective divi fions; to be inspeCted without fee. Copies of such lifts to be wrote by the clerk, at 2 d. pgr sheet, containing 150 words. Penalty on default. Penalty on giving defective lifts. How to be levied. This act to extend to Jersey, &c. Mutter-rolls to be closed on day of mutter, and returned to the paymaster of the forces.

Sec. Penalty. Justices may order constables to provide carriages. Rates for Carriages. Penalty on officers forcing waggons to travel more than one day's journey, Sec. Penalty on conftames, Sec. negleCf. Treasurers of the county to repay the cpnftable's extraordinary charges. The money for those purposes how to be raised. No waggon. Sec. to carry above 30 hundred weight. Carriages in Scotland how to be provided. Soldiers wives, fee. not to be quartered without consent. Penalty. Penalty on officers or

1767*3 Anno octavo Georgii III. c.

foldiert destroying the game. How the account of every regiment shall be kept. Penalty on pay matters, Sec.Penalty on colonels. Non-commission

officer embezzling soldier's pay, to be reduced, Sec. Justices may commit deserters. Reward for taking up deserters. Penalty on persons concealing deserters, or buying their arms, clothes. Sec. Penalty on officer breaking open house without warrant. His Majesty im powered to make articles of war. None to be adjudged of life or limb, but for crimes ex pressed to bo so ponifbable by this act. Deserters beyond sea, Sec. may be tried here or is Ireland. This act to extend to deserters, &c. in Ireland, Sec. Persons acaintted by the civil magistrate, may only be cafliitred by a court-martial. Persons accused of capital crimes, Sec. to be delivered over to the civil magiftate, Sec. Paymasters. Scc. to account with executors. Persons faed may plead the general issue. Treble costs. All suits to be brought in some of the courts of record at Westminster or Dublin, or the court of session in Scotland. Continuance of this act. Penalties against the act x George 1. where to be sued for. No volunteer liable to process, unless for some criminal matter, or unless for a real debt of the value of vo /. Oath of the debt to be made before a judge, and a memorandum thereof marked on the back of the process. Plaintiff may file a common appearance* Penalty on taking money to excuse any'person from quartering; or victuallers refusing to quarter soldiers. Justices may order constables to give an account of the number of soldiers quartered, Sec. How the troops are to pay in passing over ferries in Scotland. Clause for relief of persons hastily lifting tnemselves. Persons refusing the said relief, to be proceeded against as if duly inlisted. Offences against former mutiny alts punishable by this act. None liable to be tried. Sec.for offences against former acts, which were committed 3 years before ifiuingthe warrant for trial; except forde-fertion. Officers, Scc.of the trains of artillery subject to this act. American troops, acting in conjunction with British forces, liable to the fame martial laws. Officers and soldiers of the American troops sent over to Great Britain, to be quartered and billeted as the British forces, and under I the fame regulations and penalties. Where any corps beyond seas shall be I relieved in order to return home, such of the men as shall choose may be inlisted, and incorporated with those appointed to remain; the occasion of quitting such former corps to be recited in the inlifting certificate. This I aft not to extend to the militia farther than is dkefted by the militia laws.

As often as it shall be necessary, officers of the land and marine forces may fit in conjunction upon courts-martial j taking rank according to j the seniority of their commissions.

I CAP. VIII.

i An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand (even hundred and sixty eight.

Preamble. 1,518,475/. 6s. Se % J.37. to be raised in Great Britain. 1*492,309/;

, 15;. kiod. 1 q. to be raised in England, in one year, from *5 March 1768. Personal estates (except desperate debts, dock on land, houshold goods, ahd loans to his Majesty) to pay 3 s.in the pound. Employments of profit (except military officers of the army or navy) to pay is.per pound. Pen-I lions and annuities out of the exchequer, &c. to pay. Sec. Lands, tene-I ments, mines, &c. to be charged with equality and indifference, Sec. Lands, &c. subject to relit charges, annuities, Sec. Commisioners of the land tax for the year 1763, to put this act in execution. Commisioners to meet on or before the 30th of April, 1768, as by the act 4 W. & M. and may ! subdivide themselves, &c. A lift of the commisioners to act in each division, to be given to the receiver-general. Commisioners to summon fit persons to be assessors, who are to appear before them in 8 days; and their to give them a charge. Persons absenting, or refusing to serve, forfeit, not exceeding 5 /. nor less than 40 s.Assessors to be two at least, and sufficient inhabitants. Assessments to be brought in at a day and place prefixt. The full fam charged to beaflefied. A certificate of the assessment to be brought in, with the collectors names. Assessors, &c. neglecting their duty, to be fined not above 40/. Assessors to deliver one copy of the assessments to thd tpmmifiipnen, Duplicates thereof to be signea, Sec. and one delivered to

9

Anno octavo Georgii III. C. $

fJ7^7*

<he collectors, &c. with warrant for collecting. Commissionfers required to give collectors notice at what time and place the appeal of any perfoa who shall think himself aggrieved, by being over-rated, may be heard and determined. A duplicate in parchment to be delivered, together with the names of the assessors and collectors, to the receiver-general $ and one to the remembrancer's office, by 8 Aug* 1768, or 29 days after (all appeals dirft determined.) Remembrancer to give receipts vra/w, on penalty of to/. The rates to be levied on the parties, or premisses, and'to be paid to the receivers-general, &c. The money collected to be paid to the receiver-general, or deputies 3 and they to give commisioners notice. Collectors not obliged to travel above 10 miles. Removal or death of receiver-general to be notify'd to the commisioners. 373*077 /. 8/. n<f. and 9 16th parts of a penny, for the first quarterly payment, to be paid to the receivers by 24. June, 1768. The second payment by 29 Sept 1768. The third payment by 25 Dec. 1768. The last payment by 25 March, 1769. Receiver-general within a month after receiving the full ium charged, to give the commissioner8 a receipt: which shall be a full discharge for payment. Receivers general within 20 days to pay the monies fnto the exchequer. Receiver general allowed 2 d.in the pound. Collectors to have 3 in the pound. Commisioners clerks to have three halfpence in the pound. Collectors may levy by distress in case of refusal of payment. Distress to be Icept four days at the owner's charge j then appraised and fold, and over*

flus returned, See. Commisioners tb determine differences about distress.

or want of distress, offender may be committed. (Except a peer or peeress of Great Britain.) Tenants to pay the tax, and deduCt so much out of the rents* Tenants discharged for what they so piy. Coirfmiflioiters to settle differences between landlord and tenant. Commisioners to cause all deficiencies to be re-assessed, and made good. Assessor refusing to serve* to forfeit, not exceeding 40/. Fine not to be discharged but by commisioners who imposed it5 and levied by distress or imprisonment, and paid into the exchequer, and inserted in the duplicates. Collectors detaining the money, to be imprisoned, their estates leized and fold. See. Commit Boners to examine whether the films aflefied be duly collected, &c. lit case of controversies in afiefling commisioners, the commisioners concerned to withdraw. In default to be fined, not above 20/. No privileged place or person exempt fiom this tax. Fee-farm rents, Sec. to be taxed* Tenants to pay the rates. Colleges, Sec. in the universities, not chargeable : Nor the houses or lands which before the 25th of March, 1693, did belong to Christ's Hospital, Sec. Nor corporation of clergymens Tons, Bromley college, or any other hofpitab. No tenants of hospitals, See. to claim pny exemption. Such tenants not discharged, who by leases are obliged to jpay taxes. Commisioners to determine how far lands, Sec. belonging to nofpitals, &c. not exempted by name, ought to be charged All nof» pitals lands, afieffed by 4 W. Sc M. liable to this aid, and no other. Receivers of fee-farm rents. &c. to allow 3 pound to the parties, without fee, on penalty of 20 /. Auditors, Sec. setting tenants insuper for what ought to be allowed, or refusing allowance, to forfeit 100 /. Such fee-farm rents Only to have an allowance of 3 /. ptr pound, as are answerable to the crown, or were purchased according to 22 & 23 Car. 2. The owners to allow the fame to the party paying. Lifts of pensions, &c. to be delivered gratis to the assessors. Taxes on pensions. Sec. not paid, to be stopt in the exchequer. A true account to be kept of the money stopt. Persons to bo taxes in the parish where they dwell. No proviso to ltffen the full sum by this act to be levied. Contrafts between landlord and tenant, touching taxes, not to be avoided. All places to pay where u'ually aflefied. West iBarnfield to be aflefied in the lathe of Skray Com' Kent. NorthmoreCom* Oxon, in Bampton. Charlbury, Sec. in Chadlington. Leeds, Com' Ebor. In Shyrack. OmBerfley, Coni' Worcester, in Ofwaldflow hundred. Aide-Ttiafton, in Ofwaldflow*hundred. Parish of Yardley, in Halfihire hundred. Forest of Chute, where the first 4/. aid was assessed. Upton, in Perfhore hundred. Calderand Ayre, at Wakefield and Leeds. Inhabitants of apartments fee. in Somerset Hou'e, to be assessed in the fame proportion with those to Lancaiter liberty. General issue. Treble costs. Where lands, See. are tm-

occupy*'

1 Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 8, 11/

occupied, and no distress found, collectors may .diftram at any time afteiv Wood mav be cut down, and fold-for distress. (Timber trees excepted.)

Tithes, tolls. Sec. not paid within 6 days after demand, may be seized and

fold. Receiver general returning persons, who have paid the tax, to be in arrear, forfeits treble damages to the party grieved, ana to his Majesty double the sum so returned. Commisioners to assess the assessors. None compelled to be assessors out of the limis of the city, &c. Assessments on foreign mini* fters houses to be paid by the landlords. In places extraparochial commisioners to nominate assessors and collectors, See. No commisioners, See. liable to any other penalties than such as are inflicted by this act. Commisioners not to act without taking the oaths appointed by i Geo. x. and 6 Geo. 3. ACting before oaths taken, forfeit aoo /. Officers to pay where employed, Uc.Officers in Chancery to be assessed in the rolls liberty. Annuities where rated. Pensions, where payable. Personal estates, where persons resident, fcc. Persons not houfliolders, where reffdent. Absent persons to be rated where they were last reffdent. Goods, &c. to be assessed where they shall be. Persons doubly rated, discharged on certificate. Not to extend to Scotland, Ireland, Jersey, or Guernsey. Persons avoiding the tax charged treble. Houfliolders to give an account of their lodgers, on forfeiture of 5/. Shares in the New River, Sec. to pay 3/. pound. Shares in the Fire Offices, and in the Lights, and the King's Printing House, to pay 3 s. pound. Merchants, bank of England, Post-office, to be paid

by the governors. Governors, Sec. of the river-waters, and water-works, refilling to pay, the collectors irapowered to levy the sum by distress and tale.

Papists 18 years of age not taking the oaths 1 W. M. to pay double 1 Unless taken within todays after the commisioners first meeting. Persons 18 years of age refuting the oaths, to pay double. Commisioners to ff.im-mon fufpeCted persons. Sec. Quakers to subscribe the declaration x W.

JM. Commisioners to double assess papilts, where assessors omit. Tenants discharged from double rates. King's Bench, Marshalsea prison. to be assessed m Saint George's parish. See. Officers of the Marshalsea court refuting to pay, Sec. Collectors by warrant from commisioners may distrain.

If ho goods sufficient, officer to be imprisoned. Fleet prison to be assessed in St. Bride's. Officers at Stoke Damrel, near Plymouth to be assessed within the town of Plymouth, &c. Hospital at Ealt Stonehouse to be assessed also within the town ofiPly mouth, Sec. to I.to be paid out of the sum assessed on the said officers, in aid of the assessment on East Stonehouse.

Water-works in Southwark to be assessed in Surrey. Water-works in Westminster to be assessed there. Offices, &c. in Whitehall and St. Jameses to there be assessed. Collectors of the water works in Colchester chargeable.

Collectors for the water-works in New Windsor chargeable. Patent officers to Bishopricks to pay where assessed in 1693. Commisioners appointed to act, without fubaividing the parish of St. Andrew Holboum, in Middlesex. The parish of St. George Hanover Square to be charged with a distinct: quota from the parish of St. Martin in the Fields, Debates arising concerning the joint quota j the commisioners who are inhabitants of either parish to withdraw or be fined a sum not exceeding 20/. The parishes of St. John, St. Peter, and Berchington, to be charged in Dover liberty, according to the affeflinent 4 W.& M. Lands not worth 20 /. per annum, not chargeable. Collectors keeping monies in their hands, to forfeit 40 /.

Receiver-general misapplying the monies to forfeit 500/. Commisioners of the treasury, Sec. not to divert the payments into the exchequer. No Noliproftquiy &c. in any fuitagainst this act. Commisioners to abate where lands-are overcharged, and to re-assess, &c. or raise it on persons undercharged. Receiver-general answerable for deputies. Sub collector not to travel above ten miles, &c. Receivers not nominating deputies. c. to forfeit 100/. Commisioners for the county at large may act for any city.

Sec. Mayors, bailiffs. Sec. to act as commisioners specially appointed.

Members of parliament to be taxed at their mansion houses. First meeting for the west riding of York at PonttfraCt j north riding at Thirfk 5 east riding at Beverley. No commissioner capable to act in any county at large, unless rated at 100/. per annum, (Merioneth, Cardigan, &c. exempted.) Cooinuffioqers for Anglesea, Sec, to act. if taxed at 60 /. per ann.

Com*

L*ooq Le

Anno oflavo Georgji III. c. 8. [1767.

Commisioners may act for any city, being inhabitants, or inns of court, &c. Attornies, Sec.not to be commisioners without poflefiing ioo A per

ann. No commissioner of the city of London, or liberty of St. Martin/ le Grand, to act, unless rated at to A per ann. of his own estate, Sec. No commissioner of the city. See. of Westminster to act, unless rated at to /, per ann. of his own estate. Persons disabled, presuming to act, to forfeit 50 /. Collectors of the new water-works in Exon chargeable. Her majesty the Queen not chargeable 5 nor her royal highness the Princess Dowager of Wales i nor their royal highnesses the dukes of Gloucester or Cumberland, or princess Amelia. Superannuated sea officers not to pay. Sec. nor poor knights of Windsor. Refidentiarie* in what cases not chargeable. Nor 100 A per ann. to the poor clergy of the isle of Man. ' Nor pages of honour. Receivers-general to give notice of failures in payment of the taxes. Commisioners for Lincoln to act in Lincoln Close. ^ And for the county in St.Martin Stamford Baron. Auditor to keep a register, Deputies to pay for principals, and on nonpayment liable to distress. Receiver-general to give a list of money received by him, at the thne and place appointed. On refusa), to forfeit any sum not exceeding so A Collectors may keep so much money as any two commisioners judge reasonable. No receiver to return an insuper upon any county, Sec. after 3 years, for monies in arrear; but the fame to be a debt on him and his securities. Sheriff, on writs of Diflringas, to return issues after the rate of 5 A per cent, of the sum fet insuper; and process to issue thereupon, See. Waterworks in Shrewsbury chargeable. Who shall have the benefit only of over-

Slus sums uncharged. Clause for the ease of protestants, to whom lands, :c. have come, which have been doubly taxed. Where lands formerly doubly taxed are liable only to a Angle assessment; commisioners, on complaint, to examine into the truth thereof, and to certify the fame to the barons of the exchequer, before 29 Sept. 1768 ; who are to discharge the overplus before the laftday of Nov. 1768. Certificates of the^ sums discharged to be produced to the commisioners at their next meeting. Commisioners may summon collectors, who have converted land tax monies to their own use, or their heirs. Sec.and on examination may issue their warrants for paying such monies to his Majesty's use. The payments made according to the commisioners warrants. shall be discharges to the collectors, or their heirs, &c. Collectors not paying, may be imprisoned, and their estates seized and fold. Arrears of former land taxes to oe levied by the present commisioners. No receiver-general, or his agents, may sue the county for a robbery, unless the persons carrying the money be 3 in . company. Tolls or duties on turnpikes not chargeable by this or any former act. Commisioners may, before 29 Sept. 1768, summon afTeflors, who have not charged their estates since 6 May, 1717, and examine them upon oath, and award satisfaction, to be levied and paid to the collectors. Commisioners, Sec. to distinguish and set down the gross sums assessed for double taxes, to be transmitted in the exchequer. Assessments on the town of Cambridge to be raised on manors, Sec. and on fifliings, Sec. on the river Cam. On whom, and when, yearly alTeffments on fairs. Sec. to be collected. Distresses on default of payment, how to be levied. Tenants of booths, &c. to pay the rates, and deauft them out of their rents, &c. 35,965/. xos. tod. 2 q. to be raised in Scotland, by an 8 months cess of 4,4.95/. 13 s.

10 d. and five sixteenth parts of a penny, per nunfem; to be rated as the tax roll now is or shall oe settled by themselves. The first two months cess to be paid 24 June, 1768. Second 29 Sept. 1768. Third 25 Dec. 1768. Fourth 25 March, 1769. Commisioners for putting this act in execution in Scotland: and execution to be done as by the said acts. First meeting to be at the head burghs on 30 April, 1768. All clauses in former acts relating to the bringing in the cel's. Sec. to be in full force. No p^rfiwM in Scotland holden to produce their receipts after 3 years. Debtor owing money in Scotland at 6 per cent, to retain a 6th part of 6 per cent, from 11 Nov. 1767, to 11 Nov. 1768. 35,965 A 10/. 10 2 to be raised free of

all charges, and to be paid at Edinburgh. No person to be a commission--er of the land tax in Scotland, who is not infeoft of 100 A Scots per aniu real relit, in the county where he acts. Exception. Commisioners in Scot-

land

v^

176 7*J Anno octavo QjEorgii hi. r. §. 13

land to take the oaths, and subscribe the assurance. Provost, &c. of any royal borough may act as a commissioner. Clause of loan at 3 /. per cent.

Tallies of loan to be ft ruck, &c. Orders to be registered and paid in course.

- No fee for registering, &c. Penalty for undue preference. No undue preference, where tallies are dated or bronght the fame day s nor if subse-qoent orders be paid before such as were not demanded in course. Orders assignable. Commisioners of the treasury impowered to prepare any number of exchequer bills of one common sum, or different sums, in the principal monies. Bills to bearinterest at % I. per cent, per ann. These bills to be numbered arithmetically. Treasury todireft the course of payment for loans or exchequer bills, and to appoint cheques, &c. The bills to be placed as cacti in the exchequer. Clauses in the malt tax aft relating to exchequer bills, extended to this. How the monies arising by this act shall be applied. Treasury on 19 Sept. 1769, to take an account of all monies raised and discharged. Unsatisfied monies to be paid out of the next aid, or out of the sinking fund. The monies to be replaced out of the first supplies. Deficiency of the land tax 6 Geo. 3. how to be supplied.

CAP. IX.

An act to continue and amend an act made in the fifth year

of the reign of his present Majesty, An act for importation of faked beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland for a limited time; and for allowing the

importation of Jaltedbeef pork, bacon, and , from

the British dominions in America, for a limited time.

WHEREAS it is expedient that the law herein after men- p^ambie, tionedjbould be continued and amended: may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That an act made in the fifth year or the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for importation of salted beef , Act 5 Geo. 3. bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time; which act was afterwards continued until the first day of , one thou- further conti-

sand seven hundred and sixty eight, shall continue, and shall nued to 1 Feb. be in force and effect, and be carried into execution, from the1769» said first day of February, until the first day of , one

thousand seven hundred and sixty nine; except such parts of the said act as are herein after varied or altered.

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That and goods, from and after the first day of February, one thousand seven hun- &c. imported' dred and sixty eight, no subsidy, custom, imposition, rate, or!5Lvirt^c duty whatsoever, shall be paid or payable upon, for, or in respect prefartaS, or of, any of the goods or commodities which shall be imported to be duty Into this kingdom by virtue of the said former act or this act; free* &c. but that all such goods and commodities shall and may be freely landed; and the importers or proprietors thereof, or any other person or persons, shall not be subject to any penalty, forfeiture, or loss, or such goods or commodities liable to be leized or forfeited for or on account of such landing ; any thing contained in the said former act to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided nevertheless, That the said continuation may Prorffion for

be (hortcning the

14 Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 10,1r. f 1767.

continuation, be abridged or shortened, and this act and the said former a(51, or altering or or ejtber of them, or any part thereof, may be altered and va-X,ng 6 e ^ed, by any other act or aft* to be made in this present session of parliament.

Salted provi- III. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, (ions allowed That from and after the first day of one thousand seven

to be import- hundred and sixty eight, it shall and may be lawful for any per-BritishTolo- ^on or persons to import into Great from the British

nieain Ameri- dominions in America, at any time or times before the first day ca duty free, of May* one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, any faltea before i May, beef, pork, bacon, and butter, without the payment of any sub-*7 5* fidy, custom, duty, or imposition whatsoever 5 any thing in any

former .act or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Gause in aft 10 Geo. % , repealed, with respect to the city of Bath.

CAP. X.

An act to enable his Majesty to licence a in the

city of Bath.

Preamble. HE R E A S a licenced playhouse is much wanted in the city of

W Bath > may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted $ and be it enacted by the King's most excellent ma-jesty, by and with the advice-and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That so much of an act of parliament which passed in the tenth year of his late Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to explain and amend so much of an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of Anne,

led, An act for reducing the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, sturdy beggars, and vagrants, into one act of parliament; and for the more effectual punishing such rogues, vagabonds, sturdy beggars, and vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to be font, as relates to common players of interludes > whereby all persons are discharged to represent any entertainment of the stage whatever, in virtue of letters patent from his Majesty, or by licence of the lord chamberlain of his Majesty's houshold for the time being, except within the liberties of or

where his Majesty is residing for the time being, be, and the fame is hereby, repealed, with respect to the said city of Bath j and that it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, to grant letters patent for establishing a theatre or playhouse within the said city, which shall be intitled to all the privileges, and subjected to all the regulations, to which any theatre or playhouse in Great Britain is intitled and subjected.

CAP. XI.

An act for further regulating the proceedings of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East>Indies, with respect to the making of dividends.

Pceamblc. \KI H E R E A S it was found necessary^ in the last sessions of -

V V liament* for securing* as well the permanent intertji of the

4

The crown impowered to grant letters patent for establishing a theatre within the said city.

1767*] Anno octavo Georgii. III. c. 15

vmtkd company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies,

as 4he fate of credit both private and , from the mischiefs

which must have ensued from an improper and improvident increase

of the dividend of the said company, that the said company

for a time, be refrained from making any further increase of their

dividends beyond the rate at which it then flood , and to

which it had then lately been increased; And whereas the for

which such reftrittion was then laid, did expire at the beginning of

this present fefpon of parliament: Now, for as much as the farther

interposition of parliament, for the fame salutary , is at this

time neceffaryt be it therefore enacted by the King's moil excel-

lent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords dividend be-

spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament yondiol.'per

assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it shall not cent, per ann.

be lawful for any general court of the said company, at any to be resolved

time before the first day of February, one thousand seven hun-

dred and sixty nine, to declare, or resolve upon, any increase of the company,

dividend beyond the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum9 before 1 Feb*

being the rate of the present dividend. «769*

CAP. XII.

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Preamble. After *5 March 1768, during the continuance of this act, every marine officer and private man on (nore, who shall mutiny or desert, &c. or lift in any other regiment, &<?. or shall be found deeping on* or shall desert his post, or hold illegal correspondence with the enemies of his Majesty, or shall strike, or dilobcy his superior officer$ shall suffer death, or such punishment as a court-marshal shall inffift. The lord high' admiral, or commisioners for executing that office, may grant a coromif-fion to hold general courts-marffiab See. Courts-marftial may inflict corporal punishment for immoralities, &c. Lords, &c. of the aamiralty impowered to make articles for punishment of mutiny and desert ion, &c. and to cpnftitute courts-mar(hal. None to be adjudged of life or limb, but but for crimes exp refled to be so puniffiable by this act. General court? mSrlhal not to consist of less than 13 j and the president to be a field officer, or officer next in feriiority, not under the degree of a captain.

May administer an oath to witnesses. Officers to be (worn. The oath.

The oath. The Judge advocate to be sworn. The oath. In sentences of death, nine officers to concur, &c. Hours of trial. The party tried, in-titled to a copy of the sentence and proceedings of the court-marshal.

Original proceedings of the courts-marshal, to be transmitted to the (ecre-tary of the admiralty, Ste. None to be tried a second time for the fame offence. Sentence not to be reviled more tfcan once. Deserters beyond sea, See. may be tried here or in Ireland. This act not to exempt any on

Shore from ordinary process. Persons acquitted by the civil magistrate, may only be cafliiered by a court-marlhal. Persons accused of capital primes, &c. to be delivered o\er to the civil magistrate. ., Fiftitious parries allowed by his Majesty's order upon the muster-rolls, for the maintenance of officers widows, not to be construed a false master. Paymaster to pay the full pay of such men to the receiver. Constables, &c. to quarter officers and men in inns, a'le-houses, Sec.But in no distillers houses, or shopkeepers, or in any private houses. Penalty on officers quartering private men contrary to this act, &c. Persons aggrieved by being quartered on, may complain to any justices, and be relieved. Officers and marines to be furnithed at the rates herein fet for their provisions. What inn holders may allow men quartered on them, instead of meat. Penalty on taking money to excuse any person from quartering. Commanding officer may exchange marines in their quarters. Constables to billet the ifame accordingly,* No pay matter, &c, to make deduftionsout of officers

1$ Anno octavo GeoSgiiIII c. 13.' [1767.

or private men's pay. Exceptions. Officers to give notice to innkeepers of subsistence-money in their hands. Kates of lubfiftence to be paid to innkeepers, Sec. for marines quarters. Officers not giving notice of subsistence-money, and paying quarters, pay matter to satisfy them out of the company's next pay, and officers to be Cashiered. On moving from quarters the officer to make up accounts, and rive certificates for money due, &C. Paymaster to pay the sum certified for. Officers, to be quartered in Scotland, as the laws in force at the union direCt. Justices to order constables to provide carriages for the marine forces on their march. Kates for carriages. Penalty on officers forcing waggons to travel more than one day's journey, &c. Penalty on constables, neglect. Treasurers of the county to repay the constable's extraordinary charges. The money for those purposes how to be raised. No waggon. to carry above 10 hundred weight. Carriages in Scotland how to be provided* Marines wives, &c. not to be quartered without consent. Penalty. Penalty on officers and marines destroying the game. Constables may apprehend deserters, and carry them before a just ice. Just ice to commit them, and transmit an account to the secretary of the admiralty. Gaol keeper to receive the subsistence of deserters. Reward for taking up deserters. Penalty on persons concealing deserters, or buying their arms, clothes, Scc. This act to extend to deserters, Sec. in Ireland, Continu-„ ance of this act. Offences again ft former acts may be enquired of and punished as under this act, provided no person be liable to be tried for offences committed 3 years before issuing the warrant for trial j except in cases of desertion only. No volunteer liable to process unless for some criminal matter, or unless for a real debt of the value of 101. Oath of the debt to be made before judge, and a memorandum thereof marked on the back of the process $ otherwise prisoner to be discharged, with costs. Plaintiff giving notice, may file a common appearance, and proceed to judgment and execution. Penalty on constables, Sec. neglecting to quarter marines. Penalty on taking money to excuse any person from quartering, and on victuallers refilling to receive marines. To prevent abufec in quartering, justices may order constables to give an account of the number of officers, and private men, and where quartered. Clause for relief of persons hastily lifting themselves. As often as it shall be necessary, officers of the marine and land forces may fit in conjunction upon courts-martial j taking rank according to the seniority of their commissions. Marine forces being borne as part of the complement of any ships of war, are liable to be governed by the rules established by act zz Geo. a.

CAP. XIII.

An act to explain and amend so much of an act made in the tenth year of the reign of King William the ,

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty for disbanding the army, and other necessary occalions, as relates to the number of troops to be kept upon the Irish ment.

Preamble, re- TTTHERE A S by an act of parliament made in the tenth year citing clause W of the reign of his late Majesty King William the , in-

10 Will tituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty for disbanding ° *3* the army, and other necessary occasions 5 was , That

immediately, from and after the day of March, one

sand six hundred and ninety niney all the , , and -

panics y officers and soldiers, within the kingdom of Ireland, Should dijbandedy except such regiments, and companies consisting only

‘ of his Majesty*s natural-born not exceeding twelve thousand

perfonsy commission and non-commission (fficers includedy as, before the ' tenth day of April, one thousand px hundred and ninety ,Should

be

v^.

1767.] Anno Octavo Georgii III. c. 14, 17

be particularly expressied by proclamation under the great seal of Ire-

land, in the manner therein directed: And whereas the publick vice of these kingdoms doth require, that some part of the troops kept on the eJlabHJbment of Ireland, Should be employed towards the

farydefence of his Majestfs garrisons and plantations abroad: And whereas it may be expedient that a number of , not less than twelve thousand men, commissiorted and officers

eluded^ Should be kept within the said kingdom of Ireland, and for the better defence of the fame, excluftve of such regiments on that

blijbment as are or shall be employed in his said garrison and

plantations; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords .H,s spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia-^if^ndkeep ment assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it up, on the shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and fuccef- IriXh establish-fors, to raise and keep up, on the said edablifliment of , ment» any any number of troops, confiding only of his Majesty's natural-born subjects, not exceeding fifteen thousand two hundred and exceeding thirty five men in the whole, in time of peace; any thing in »5»*ss men» the said act to the contrary notwithstanding. in time of

GAP. XIV. P**“'

An act for providing proper accommodations for his justices of the great fejjions in Wales, during the time of holding such sessions.

WHEREAS certain accommodations are provided for his ma- Preamble.

jejlys justices of assise upon their circuits in England, by the Jberijfs of the respective counties, who are allowed the expences thereby occajioned in their bills of cravings in each year: And whereas it is

proper that the like accommodations Should be provided for his Majes-tfsjustices of the great sessions in the principality of Wales, during their respective sessions, by the sheriffs there; and that such Jkeriffs

Should be reibiburj 'ed the expences of providing such accommodations out of the land revenues of the crown arising within the said ,

in manner herein after-mentioned; but Jome doubts having arisen ther,fence the act made in the first year of the year of the reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An act for the support of his Majesty's Act 1 Geo. 3.

houlhold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain, any part of the said revenues can be applied for the

said purpose without the authority of parliamMay it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by apd with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the (heriffs of the several counties in Wales, Sheriffs in shall, from henceforth, in each of their respective counties pro- Wales to provide necessary lodging and other accommodations for his Ma- and other ac-jesty's justices of the great sessions, during the time of each ref- commodati-peftive session, in like manner as has been usually provided by onsforhis the (heriffs within the several cojunties in England for the judices Majestjju-of assise there; and that his Majesty may, by any warrant or Great°fessions

Vol. XXVIII. C warrants dyring the 9

^

18 Anno odbwo Georgii III. c. 15. [1767.

‘iinc of each -warrants under his royal sign manual, counterligned by the high respective fcf- treasurer, or any three or more of the commisioners of the trea-they an:To be fury for the time being, authorize, during the continuance of allowed in the said act made in the first year of his Majesty's reign, the ai*-their accounts, ditor for the time being of the land revenues of the crown arif-His Majesty >ng within the principality of to allow and pass all or any

impowered to of such charges as shall, from time to time, be made by the ref-authorize the pedtive sheriffs of the counties within the said principality, in the crown rrve-hC accounts by them to be delivered into the office of the said aunt^ in Wales ditor, of expences incurred by them respectively, in providing to allow and necessary accommodations for his Majesty's justices of the great pass the char- sessions of Wale*, during their sessions; and to direct that certi-and dire# that ^cates ^all ^ delivered by the said auditor to the said sherifft certificates be of sums so allowed and passed in their accounts respectively; granted ac- and also to authorize, during the aforesaid term, the receiver or re-cordingly. ceivers general of the said revenues to pay the sums so, from . time to time, certified, upon the production and delivery to him or them of such respective certificates, without any fee, deduction, or reward whatsoever, to be paid by the sheriff either to such auditor or receiver.

The charges II. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That no exceed* 10? l° Srcater or ^arger fam shall he allowed, paired, certified, and paid, in respect of than the ^um °ften pounds for or in respect of such accommoda-such accom- tiens in any one county, during or upon account of any on* modarions in such session.

any one county. for any one session.

CAP. XV.

An act for the more speedy and of

offenders.

Preamble. 117 H E R E A S several convicted of crimes for which

VV they are by law excluded the benefit of , are reprieved by the judge who tries them, and recommended by him to his Majesty1 s

mercy; who generally, on such , is graciously pleased to

extend the fame to them, on condition of transportation to of his Majesty's colonies and plantations in America for , or for the term of fourteen years \ and such intention of mercy is signified by one of his Majesty1 s principal secretaries offt ate to the judges at the next affixes after such conviction, who thereupon order such offenders to be transported accordingly: And , by this method of ordering the

transportation, such offenders lie several months in gaol after conviction ; whereby they are rendered less capable of being useful to the public in the parts of America to which they are sent: for remedy thereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-Where his thority of the fame. That where any offender shall hereafter be Mlelii 'i!pfflCr" convicted of any crimes for which he or she is by law to be extended to any eluded the benefit of clergy, and the judge, or justice of oyer offender, upon and terminer or gaol delivery, in any county, city, or place, condition of before whom any such offender shall be convicted or condemn-Wanfportoti- - 4 ed*

i

1767.] Anno octavo GfibRoii III. Ci tgi

ed, shall grant a reprieve f<jr the flaying of execution of such of- on, and the fender, and recommend him dr her to his Majesty as a proper jS1™*1 be object of his Majesty's mercy: if his Majesty, his heirs, or fuc- judg^byone ceflors, shall be graciously pleased to extend royal mercy to any of the princi-such offender upon condition of transportation to any part of - pal fecretarie* meHca, and such intention of mercy shall be signified by one of .of state* such his Majesty's principal secretaries of flateto the judge so recom- JJJa{=£ pending; it shall and may be lawful for every such judge, or for the imme-justice of oyer and terminer or gaol-delivery, to make an order diatetranspor-for the immediate transportation of every such offender, in the t5,°^ of/uc^ same manner as if such intention of mercy had been signified to often<Jer > to him by one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of slate, during the continuance of the assizes at which such offender >fras condemned; and such order shall be considered as an order made at such assizes or place, and shall be as effectual to every intent and purpose, and shall have all the fame consequences in every respe£fc, as any order for the transportation of any offender made by any justice of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery for such county, city, or place; and such offender shall be trans- who shall ferred, conveyed, and made over, to any person who will con- thereupon be traCt for the performance of such transportation, and to his and transferred their assigns, for the term of fourteen yearsj in case such con- th™con-***

dition of transportation be general; or else for such other term tractor, &c. or terms as shall be made part of such condition, if any particular time be specified by his Majesty, his heirs and successors, as aforesaid : and such person or persons so contracting as afore- who shall have said, his or their assigns, by virtue of such order of transfer as a property in fcforesaid, shall have a property and interest in the service of the the service of said offender, for such terms as aforesaid; and such transporta- JjJj; tern^" tien shall have the effect of a pardon under the great seal for for which be such offender, as to the crime of which he or she was so con- or (he is to be viCted: but if such offender, so ordered for transportation, shall tianfported. be afterwards at large within any part of this kingdom of Great Offenderafter-Britain, without some lawful cause, before the expiration of the wards seen at term for which such offender shall have been ordered to be wl^

transported; every such person, being thereof lawfully convict- 0ut lawful cd, shall suffer death as in cases of felony without benefit of cause, before clergy; and shall be tried before such judges, and in such man- tl^^P^tlon ner, and the fame evidence made use of for his or her convic- ®ernJ® 'to tien, as are directed, by the laws now in being, for the trial offuffer death; other felons found at large within this kingdom before the expiration of the term for which they were ordered to be transported : and whoever shall discover, apprehend, and prosecute and the person to conviction of felony without benefit of clergy, any such of- apprehending fender so found at large within this kingdom, shall be intitled such'per-to the like reward of twenty pounds, and certificate, and in the fQ„ to convlc-same manner, as any person may be intitled to for discovering, tien, is inti-apprehending, and prosecuting to conviction, any person order- tied ® *°1* ed to be transported, and found at large within this kingdom Certificate, before the expiration of the term for which such person was ordered to be transported.

C 2 CAP.

t^

( 2p Anno octavo Georgii III. c. i6,17. [1767.

CAP. XVI.

An act for making and widening a passage or street from The Salt Market Itreet, in the city of Glasgow, to Saint Andrew's Church, in the said city; and for enlarging and compleating the church yard of the said church ; and for making and building a convenient exchange or square in the said city; and also for explaining and amending an act pafl*ed in the thirty-second year of his late Majesty, for improving the navigation of the river Clyde, to the city of Glasgow; and for building a bridge cross the said river, from the said city to the village of Gorbells.

CAP. XVII.

An act to amend an act made in the year of King

George the First, intit, An act for regulating the

journeymen taylors within the weekly bills of'mortality.

Preamble, re- \K7 HEREAS by an a ft made in the seventh year of the reign

citing aft* of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act 7 Geo. i. for regulating the journeymen taylors within the weekly bills of mortality; power is given to the of the peace, at their gene-

ral quarter feffxons, within the limits in the said act mentioned, from time to time, upon application being made to them for that to take into confederation the plenty or scarcity of the , and other

circumstancts, and thereupon to alter and regulate the wages and other allowances, directed by the said act to be paid and made to, and the ' hours for work ofjourneymen taylors and servants retained or employed in the art or mystery of a taylo, within their respective jurisdictions 5

and also to pumjh all persons not complying with the terms of the said act, or of such rules and regulations, in manner in the said act mentioned: And whereas, by virtue of the power aforesaid, the justices of the peace, at their general quarter sessions, within the city ^/"London and county of Middlesex respectivety, have, from time to time, made orders, rules, and regulations, with respect to the hours of working, and the ivages and allowances to be paid and made to journeymen taylors, and others, as aforesaid\ but doubts and difficulties touchingthe

prosecution of persons offending against the said act, or the said

rules, orders, and regulations, and many fubtildevices having been -

tifed in order to evade the said rules, orders, and , the due

execution of the said act hath been greatly And whereas it

is necessary that the said act Should in some other respects be explained and amended: May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament af-Hours and sembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and

workinglimit- a^ter l^e twenty fifth day of , one thousand seven hun-ed within a dred and sixty eight, the hours of work in the day for servants certaindiftrift. or journeymen, to be employed in the business of a taylor within the city of London, and five miles thereof, shall be from fix of the clock in the morning until seven of the clock in the evening, with an interval of one hour only for refreshment; and that there shall be paid to every such servant or journeymen to

be

C^

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 17.

be employed as aforesaid for his work, during the hours aforesaid, the wages or allowances following; that is to say, any sum not exceeding two shillings and seven pence half-penny per diem, except during the space of one calendar month from

the publication of any order for a general mourning by the earl marshal, in the London Gazette, and during that space, any sum not exceeding five shillings and one penny halfpenny.

II. And it is hereby further enacted. That if any matter tay- Penalty on lor, or other person profeffmg, using, or exercising, the art or ^”fhCOutr*' mystery of a taylor, within the city of , or within five i^^uon.0**

miles thereof, shall, after the said twenty fifth day of , give, allow, or pay, or cause, permit, or suffer to be given, allowed, or paid, directly or indirectly, in money, or otherwise, to any servant or journeyman in the business of a taylor, any more or greater wages or allowances than the wages or allowances aforesaid, or such other wages and allowances as shall hereafter from time to time be ordered and appointed by virtue and iri pursuance of this a<tt; or if any servant, journeyman, or other person, using and following the said business of a taylor, within the limits aforesaid, that is to say, within the city of Lo, or within five miles* thereof, shall have, receive, accept of, or take, in any manner, direCUy or indireCtly, by himself, or by any other person to his use, any more or greater wages or allowances than as aforesaid, in money or otherwise 5 every person so offending, in any or either of the said cases, and being thereof convicted before any two justices of the peace for the county, city, liberty, town, borough, or franchise, wherein the offence shall have been committed, either by confession of the party, or upon the oath oroaths of one or more credible witnefsor witnesses (which oaths the said justices are hereby impowered and required to administer) upon any information made, or prosecution commenced before any such two justices within their respective jurisdictions, at any time within three months after the committing of such offence,

shall be committed to the house of correction for the county or place where the offence shall be committed, by warrant under the hands and seals of such justices, there to be kept to hard la- . hour, or to the common gaol, for any time not exceeding two months, nor less than fourteen days, at the discretion of the said justices.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Justices im-That it shall and may be lawful for any two justices of the peace powered to within the limits aforesaid, and they are hereby required, on *n*before thein# formation upon oath made before them, by any person or per- on suspicion fons whatsoever, that there is reason to fufpe&that any person or that the above persons using, exercising, or following, the business of a matter regulation taylor, or journeyman taylor, within the limits aforesaid, hath trough, given, paid, allowed, or received, greater wages or allowances 8 than as aforesaid, at the request of such informant, to issue their summons in writing, signed by any such two justices, requiring any clerk, foreman, apprentice, servant, or other person or per-,

(bns employed or retained by such person so suspected to have Qflfended, or any other person or persons whatsoever, whose at-

C 5 tendance

L^

3$ Anno odkavo GeqrqijIII. c. 17. £1767*

tendance such informant shall think necessary, for the purpose of giving evidence in the premisses to attend such justices, or some other two justices acting for such county or place, at a time, and place in such summons to be Specified, to testify concerning the premisses; and if any .such person so summoned, shall not attend, and proof shall be made of the service of such summons, either personally, or by leaving the fame at the last or usual place of abode of such perl'on, it shall be lawful for such two justices, or any other two justices of the peace acting for such county or place, ^nd they are hereby required (unless a rea-fpnable excuse be made for such non-attendance, to the (atif-faction of such justices) to issue their warrant under their hands and seals, for the apprehending and bringing him or her before them, or some other two or more justices of the peace acting for such county or place, to be examined touching the premises in the said information contained; and if any such person to at-tending, or being brought before such justices, shall refuse to be examined, or give their testimony touching the premisses in such information contained, such person shall by the said justices be committed to the house of correction, there to remain until he or she shall submit to be examined and to give testimony as aforesaid.

IV. And whereas, under the provisions of the said act made in the seventh year of the reign of King George the , it may happen that

one and the fame rate of wages and allowances to , may

not he appointed and established within the city of hoodoo and West-

minster, and weekly bills of , which would be highly incon-

venient and prejudicial to the public 5 now to prevent such

ence, and to the end that one just and reasonable rate of such wages and allowances may be established within the city ^London, and five miles therefrom, in future, subje£i nevertheless to such alterations as

the exigencies of the times may require; be it enabled by the autho> ons^London ***7 a^ore^a^' That it shall and may be lawful to and for the to make°rcgu” mayor, aldermen, and recorder of the city of London for the lations for the time being, at their general quarter sessions, or general sessions future. of the peace assembled, and they are hereby authorized and required, from time to time, upon application being made to them for that purpose, to alter, regulate, order, and appoint, the wages and allowances to be paid or made to journeymen taylors and servants retained or employed, or to be retained or employed, in the art or mystery of a taylor, in the making up mens and womens work within the city of , or within

fi ve miles thereof, and the hours of wont: and shall and may, within the space of fourteen days next after the making every such order, cause the fame to be printed, published, and made known, in such manner as to them shall seem meet, at the r?^ sonable expence of the person or persons applying for the fame $ and from and after publication thereof, all taylors, and their journeymen and servants, within the limits aforesaid, are herer by ftritfly required to observe the fame, the provisions of the said act of the seventh of King George the First to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

xy6yJ Anno ofiavo Georgii III. c. 17.

V. Provided always, That advertiling such orders of sessions Sufficient no-three times in any two daily news papers published in London ortlce* Wesimnfter^ shall for the purposes of this act be deemed and allowed to be sufficient notice and publication thereof.

VI, Provided also, and be it further enabled by the author!- Provisions of ty aforesaid, That nothing in this a Ct contained shall extend,

or be construed to extend, to fix, controul, or regulate, the Taytors forewages or allowances or hours of work, of servants in the said men, or work-business of a taylor, bona side> retained and employed as foremen; ing over or to hinder the paying or receiving further or other wages orhour8* allowances (not exceeding six pence by the hour in times of general mourning, and three pence by the hour at any other time or times) which shall be agreed upon for wbrking before or after the hours of work limited or appointed, or to be limited or appointed as aforesaid, so as such over-work be not at any one time less than one hour, and be actually and bona side done and performed by such journeyman or servant; and so as such retainer or employment, and such agreement or payment, be not made in fraud of, or to elude, the regulations hereinbefore provided with-respect to wages, allowances, and hours of working, settled and ascertained, or to be settled and ascertained as aforesaid.

. VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty on That from and after the said twenty fifth day of , one ™*ft*nr8 thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, if any master taylor, ou^of thTfi? or other person professing, using, or exercising, the art or my- mits, to evad* ftery of a taylor, residing or inhabiting within the limits afore- the act. said, shall directly or indirectly in any manner whatsoever retain or employ any servant, journeyman, or other person, using or following the business of a taylor, in or about the making up mens or womens work out of, or beyond, the limits aforesaid, with intent or design to elude or evade this act, and shall give, allow, or pay, or cause to be given, allowed, or paid, direCtly or indirectly, to such servant or journeyman, any more or greater wages or allowances than the wages or allowances settled and ascertained, or to be settled and ascertained as aforesaid} every such person shall, for every sech offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, to be sued for by action of debt, to be brought in any of his Majesty's courts of record at itnnfter; wherein no effoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and wherein the ordinary costs of the suit shall be paid; one moiety of which said forfeiture, when recovered, shall belong and be paid to the King's majesty, and his successors, and the other moiet^ to the person who shall sue for the fame.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- Persons ag-thority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful for any per- grieved may son convicted before any two justices of the peace as before appeal to the mentioned, to appeal to the justices of the peace assembled at the jjons^ next general quarter sessions, or general sessions, to be held for the county, city, or place* wherein such conviction shall be made, .giving immediate; notice of such appeal, and finding

C 4 sufficient

v^

±4 Anno oflavo Georgii III. c. iff; [1767;

sufficient security to the satisfaction of such justices for being , personally present at such general quarter sessions, or general ] sessions, and for prosecuting the said appeal with effect, and abiding the judgment of the court; and such jqftices in such general quarter sessions, or general sessions, shall finally hear and determine the matter, and shall have power to award reasonable costs to either party,, as to them shall seem just; and if such conviction shall be affirmed at such general quarter sections, or general sessions, such appellant shall be committed to prison for the time specified in the said conviction, and untiL.payment of the' costs so to be awarded.

Limitation of JX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the autho- : a ions. rjty That no action shall be brought against any ju-

ftice of the peace, constable, headborough, or other officer, ox against any other person or persons whomsoever, for any matter or thing whatsoever done or committed under, by virtue, or in the execution of this act, unless such action shall be brought within six calendar months next after; the doing or committing of such matter or thing.

General issue. X. Provided also, That if any action or suit shall hereafter be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for. any thing done under, by virtue, or in the execution of this act, such person or persons may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence j and if the plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or suffer discontinuance, or forbear further prosecution, or if judgment shall be given for the defen-Full costs ^ant or defendants, such defendant or defendants shall recover u 0 s* his, her, or their full costs, for which he, (he, or they, shall have like remedy as in cases where costs by law are given to defendants.

Publick act. XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, v That this act shall be taken and allowed to be a public ad in all courts withiq this kingdom of Great , and all judges

and justices of the peace are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and Jixty eight.

Preamble.

Most gracious Sovereign.

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, to-? wards railing the necessary supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty, in this session of parliament, have re-solved to give and grant unto your Majesty the sum herein after-mentioned ; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the |ords Spiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this present " , parliament

%

1767O Anno octavo Georgii 111. c.i8. 25

parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That Treasury im-it shall and may be lawful to and for the commisioners of his P°^ercd Majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or any three or no\Exceeding more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, at any 1,800,0001. time or times before the fifth day of , one thousand by loans or

seven hundred and sixty nine, to cause or direct any loans to be ®*^he<lucr taken or received at his Majesty's exchequer, from any person 01 *5 or persons, natives or foreigners, body or bodies politic or corporate, or any number of exchequer bills to be made out there, for any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in loans and ex-. chequer bills together, in the whole, the sum of one million eight hundred thousand pounds; in the fame or like manner, the malt a form, and order, and according to the fame or like rules and di- of this fcflion regions, as in and by an act of this present session of parliament, is prescribed, intituled, An d£t for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain k^ns^r^x-^ duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year chequer bills

me thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, are enacted and pre- thereby au-feribed, concerning the loans or exchequer bills to be taken or thorized to be made in pursuance of the said act. taken or made.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The clauses all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, privileges, advan-,n l|le

tages, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, contained in the said 5^

last-mentioned act, relating to the loans or exchequer bills authorized to be made by the same act (except such clauses as do charge the fame on the taxes granted by the same act, and except such clauses as limit the rate of interest to be paid for the forbearance of money lent on the credit of the said act, and also except as is herein after mentioned) shall be applied and extend- extended to ed to the loans and exchequer bills to be made in pursuance ofth,s aft* this act, as fully and eflfeftually, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame loans or exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the said last mentioned act, or as if the said several j clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enact-] ed in the body of this act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- Exchequer rityaforesaid, That no exchequer bill or bills to be made out by

virtue of this act, shall, after the fame hath or have been issued ^ved agafa at the exchequer, be afterwards, at any time before the sixth in payment of j day of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, re- any taxes, ceived or taken, or pass or be current, to any receiver or col-I lector in Great Britain of the customs, excise, or any revenue, supply, aid, or tax whatsoever, due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from any fqch receiver or collector, or from any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, otherwise or on any other account than for the discharge and cancelling of such bills, in case the fame shall be in due course or order of payment, before the said sixth day of April; nor shall any such receiver or col- nor exchang-lector exchange, at any time before the said sixth day of Aprils** before 6 for any money, of such revenues, aids, taxes, or supplies, inApnI, 17 his hands, any ex?hequer bill or bills which shall have been

6 Annooftavo Georgii III. c# 18; [1767*

Action not to issued as aforesaid by virtue of this act ; nor shall any action be lie for such maintained against any such receiver or collector for neglecting efufal. qt refusing to exchange any such bill or bills for ready money, before the said sixth day of April; any thing in the said act made in this present session of parliament, intituled, An act continuing and granting to bit certain duties upon malty ,

cydery and perry, for the fervke of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty eighty or this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

The money (o IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, raiftdj to be That all such loans or exchequer bills, together with the in-the^exTpar- tere^> premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the liamentary lame, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, aids} and shall be repaid or borne by or out of the first aids or sup-

if none be plies which shall be granted in the next session of parliament;

fore^Iul^" 'm ca^e fu®c*ent a*^s or Applies, for that purpose, shall not 17^9,S JU ** b® grante(l before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hun-

then to be dred and sixty nine, then all the said loans or exchequer bills,

charged on with the interest, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or

the (inking attending the fame, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such monies as, at any time or times at or after the said fifth day of J, shall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the surplusles, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues, composing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such monies of the said sinking fund as are appropriated to any particular use or uses by any act or acts smd paid Qf parliament in that behalf) 5 and such monies of the said thereout* sinking fund shall and maybe issued and applied, as soon as the lame can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards .paying off, cancelling, and discharging, such loans or exchequer bills, interest, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or money sufficient for that purpose be kept and reserved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the respective proprietors thereof.

Monies so if- V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore-sued, to be re- said. That whatever monies shall be so issued out of the said idaced out of fqrplufles, excesses, overplus monies, or other revenues, com- I plies/ fUP Pot*nS the sinking fund, shall, from time to time, be replaced * * - by and out of the first supplies to be then after granted in par-

liament; anything herein contained to the contrary notwith* (landing.

?a of Eng* VI. And be it declared and further enacted by the authority eTto^d^ance a^ore{a^> That it shall and may he lawful for the governor and the said sum company of the bank of , to advance or lend to his

on the credit Majesty, in like manner, at the receipt of the exchequer, upon of this act 5 the credit of loan granted by this act, any sum or furns^ of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one million potwithftancL eight hundred thousand pounds ; any thing in an act made in fng aft 5 & the fifth and sixth years of the reign of King William and

6 W, & M. Queen Mary* intituled, An act for granting to their Majesim

feverd

i^

Anno oAavo Georgii III. Q, 20. i;

several rates and duties upon tonnage of flips and and upon

beer, ale, and other liquors, /ar feeuring certain recompenses and advantages in the said act mentioned, *0 fuel)persons as flail voluntarily

advance the film of one million five hundred, towards

carrying on the war against France, to the contrary thereof in any 'wife notwithstanding.

CAP. XIX.

An act for further continuing an act of the year of his present Majesty9 s reign, intituled, An act to amend and render more effectual, in his Majesty's dominions in America, an act passed in this present session of parliament, intituled, An act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

WHEREAS an act passed in the sixth year of his present preamble.

Majesty's reign> intituled, An act to amend and render Act 6 Geo. 3. more effectual, in his Majesty's dominions in America, an act c. 8. passed in this present session of parliament, intituled, An act for punishng mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters; which act was to continue and be in force, in all his Majesty's dominions in America, from the twenty fourth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, until the twenty fourth day of March, thousand seven hundred and sixty eight; and which act was further continued by an act passed in the last session of parliament, until the twenty fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine : and whereas it has been found neceJJ'ary that the said act Should be continued for a further term, may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflfembled, and by the authority of the C0IlFlnuc? td fame. That the said act shall be, and the fame is hereby fur- '

ther continued until the twenty fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy.

CAP. XX.

An act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England for one year, beginning the twenty filth day of March, one thousand (even hundred and sixty eight, preamble. Where the militia is or shall be raised, the receiver general of the county is to iflfue 4months pay in advance, according to the establishment of pay here set down; with half a year's salary to the regimental and battalion clerks;*nd the allowances to the clerks of the general and subdivision meetings ; and pay for cloathing of the militia. The above sums are not to be paid, if pay has not before been issued, till the Id. lieut, or deputies shall have, certified tothetreafuryand receivers general the inrolment of three fifths of the men and officers. The money is to be paid by the receiver-general to the clerk of the regiment or battalion (except the allowances to the clerks of the meetings) upon producing the warrant of his appointment} and for independant companies, to the respective captain*, or to their order; according to the establishment laid down in the militia act of »Geo. 3. A ftcond payment is also to be made within three months

le

**

t

Recites aft 6 Geo. 3.

Anno o£bvo Georgii III. c. 21. [ 1767/

after the firftj and a third within three months after the second. Receipts of the persons to whom the money shall be so paid, discharge the receivers general. The regimental and battalion clerks are to pay m advance one month's pay to the'adjutant j and a months pay to each captain, for the serjeants, drummers, and contingent expences of the said company; captain to pay for each man i d. per month out of the contingent money, towards charges of the hospital; and for the serjeant-major and drum-major; to be paid to the commanding officer of the company to which they belong: captains to distribute the pay accordingly; ana account for the fame yearly to the clerk, or receiver general if an independant company, according to the following form i and pay back the surplus monies in his hands, except the contingent expences, which is to be accounted for, and applied to the general use of the regiment, &c. Captains of independant companies to distribute the pay to their men, ana apply the money allowed for contingent expences. Clerk to retain money in his hands for his own salary. When the Id. lieuts. or deputies shall.have fixed the days of exercise, they are to certify the fame tx> the receiver general, specifying the number of men, and days they shall be absent from home. Receiver general to issue thereupon pay for officers and men to the regimental clerk, &c. Where there shall be independant companies only, the receiver general is to issue pay to the captains, according to the rate here set down. Clerk to pay over the money to the respective captains. Captains to make up their Account according to the following form; to be (igned by them, and counterligned by the commanding officer, and delivered, with the balance, to the clerk, or receiver general. Accounts allowed Efficient vouchers. During the time the troops are embodied, and called out into actual service, and receive pay as the King's other forces, all pay and allowances from the receivers general is to cease. Receivers general to pay the allowances to clerks of the general meetings, and to the clerks of the subdivision meetings, upon pro-, ducing oraefs from the lieutenant or dep. lieutenants. Orders to discharge receivers general. Regimental and battalion clerks to give security for paying and accounting for the monies Reived by them; the bonds to be lodged with the receivers general, and put in suit by them on non- ' performance of the condition j and they are intitled thereupon to full colts and charges, and 5I. per cent, of the money recovered} the residue to be accounted for to the auditor. The regimental and battalion clerks, and captains of independant companies, are to deliver in accounts of their receipts and difburiements, and pay over the balance to' the receivers general $ who are to transmit the accounts into the auditor's office. Recovery of penalties, &c. No fee payable for any warrant or sum of money issued in pursuance of this act Officers on half-pay serving in the militia, may receive the subsistence-money payable to lieutenants or ensigns, they taking the following oath before a justice. The oath. Receiver general upon receiving a warrant from the commanding officer, certifying,the receipt of the cloathing, and an order for payment, is to pay the fame accordingly. If any regiment, See. shall cease, 3 s. per diem is to be paid to the adjutant from such time to *5 March, 1769.

CAP. XXI.

An act for the better pavings cl the-city of London, and the liberties thereof and for preventing obstructions and annoyances within the and

for other punpofes therein mentioned \ and for repealing an act made in the sixth year of reign for those purposes.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the sixth year of his present Majestfs reign, certain commijfmers are appointed for the better paving, eleanfmg, and enlighteni, the city of London, and

3 the

29

1767.] Anno o&avd Georgii III. C. 21.'

the liberties thereof \and for preventing and

within the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned; and

tain powers are thereby granted to the f commisioners to enable them to carry the said act into execution : and whereas the said act

hath been found to be defective in many re, and further powers

have been found wanting, without which the good purposes afore said cannot be effectuated: may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and For vetting after the passing of this act, the foie power and authority of pitching, paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the streets, lanes, mayor, com-squares, yards, courts, alleys, paftages, and places, within the monalty, and said city of London, and liberties thereof, shall be and the lame citizens, of

is hereby veiled in the mayor and commonalty, and citizens,London* « of the said city, to be executed by such persons as by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the said city, in common council assembled (by virtue and in pursuance of an act of parliament made in the twenty fecohd and twenty third years of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for the better paving and cleansing the streets and sewers in and about the city of London) now are, or hereafter from time to time lhail be, authorized and appointed by them, to be commisioners of the sewers for the said city and liberties, or by any seven or more of them ; which said persons, so from time to time authorized and appointed to be commisioners of the sewers for the said city and liberties, lhail be, and they are hereby constituted commisioners for carrying this act into execution.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That Proviso. the authority of the said commisioners for the time being lhail

in no wife be suspended or taken away, save by the appointment from time to time of new commisioners of the sewers for the said city and liberties. _ , .

III. Provided also, That the recorder and common serjeant common^fcr-

of the said city of London, for the tjme being, shall be, and they jeant of Lon-are hereby constituted and appointed two of the commisioners don, shall be for carrying this act into execution. commission-

IV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and de-

dared. That all the powers and authorities by this act granted J be^Trdf-to, or veiled in, the said commisioners hereby constituted ascci by the aforesaid, lhail and may, from time to time, be exercised by major part of the major part of such of them as lhail attend at any publick Jhe commis-meeting of the said commisioners,. to be holden as herein after a°any publick mentioned, the number of the said commisioners present such publick meeting, not being less thaft seven (except for the purpose of adjourning); and all acts, orders, and proceedings, of the major part of the said commisioners present at such publick meeting, lhail have the fame force and effect as if done or made by all the commisioners constituted by this act.

V. And

s*

First publick meeting.

Power to adjourn.

Pro vile.

Mayor to appoint a publick meeting.

Commission

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 2t. [17^7-

V. And it is hereby further declared and enacted, That the first publick meeting of the said commisioners, to be had bjr virtue of and under this act, shall be at such time and place as the mayor of the said city shall think proper to order and appoint : and the said mayor is hereby directed to order and appoint such first publick meeting to be held on or before the first day of April next, and to cause the said commisioners to be summoned to attend the fame.

VI. And it is hereby further enabled and declared. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the major part of the said commisioners present at such first publick meeting, or at any subsequent publick meeting of the said commisioners (the number so attending not being less than three) to adjourn such publick meeting to any future day and time, and to any place within the said city and liberties.

VII. Provided always, That every commissioner shall have notice to attend at such adjourned publick meeting, by the usual summons from the clerk to the said commisioners.

VIII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the mayor of the said city for the time being, from time to time, to appoint a publick meeting of the said commisioners, at any time and place he shall judge proper for the execution of this act, notwithstanding any adjournment or non-adjournment of thd said commisioners, and shall cause the said commisioners to be summoned to.attend the fame.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said com*

(tn to appoint missioners shall and may, from time to time, at any of their

clerks.

To prevent clerks, . taking any fees.

said publick meetings, elect and appoint one or more clerk or clerks, and one or more surveyor or fprveyors, and also such and so many other officers as they shall find necessary for the due execution of this act (fourteen days notice of their intention to proceed to such election or appointment having been first printed and published in two or more of the daily news papers, and notice thereof being also expfefled in the summons for such publick meeting) and the said commisioners shall take such security as they shall think proper for the due execution of such respective offices $ and shall and may, from time to time, remove any of the said officers at their will and pleasure, and appoint others in the room of such as shall die. Or be removed as afofefaid: and the said commisioners shall and may, out of the monies arising or to arise by virtue of this act, appoint and pay such salaries, gratuities, and allowances, as they shall judge reasonable, to such officers, and to all such other persons, as shall have been, or shall be employed in, or aiding and assisting about, the execution of this act.

X. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any derk, fur* veypr* or other officer or servant, who shall be employed by the said commisioners in the execution of this act, or any part thereof, shall exact, demand, take, or accept, any fee, gratuity, or reward whatsoever (other than such salaries, allowances, and

rewards.

v.

1767*3

Anno octavo Georgii III. c.

S*

rewards^ as shall be appointed, allowed, and approved of, by the said commisioners) for or on account of any thing done, or to be done, by virtue of this act; or for forbearing to do any thing hereby, or by the said commisioners, directed to be done, or on any account whatsoever, relative to the execution or neri-execution of this act $ or shall any way be concerned in interest in any bargain made, or to be made, by the said commisioners, for any of the purposes intended by this act; every person so offending, shall, from thenceforth, for ever be incapable of being employed under this act, and shall, over and above, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds to any person or persons who shall sue for the lame; to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or within the said city, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, to be commenced within six calendar months next after the offence committed ; in which action or suit no protection, effoin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted. That all the acts, or- For entering ders, and proceedings, of the said commisioners, at their said proceeding*, publick meetings, from time to time, shall be entered in a book

or books to be kept for that purpose by the said commisioners, and shall be iigned by their clerk for the time being, and such entries shall be deemed and taken to be the original orders and proceedings of the said commisioners; and such book or books shall and may be produced and read in evidence in all courts whatsoever.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted. That the said com- Allowing per. missioners may, and they are hereby authorized aftd impowered, (bna not free from time to time, to employ under them any fit person or per- ^

fons, whether free of the said city or not, in or about the pav- cmp ing, repairing, keeping in repair, and cleansing, all or any of the said Greets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages and places, within the said city and liberties, and in and about the enlightening of the fame, and in and about the several works hereby directed to be performed; and to contract for the performance of the said works, or any of them, with any person or persons whatsoever, in such manner as the said commisioners shall think fit: and that no person or persons who shall be so employed or contracted with, nor any person or persons to be fet to work by or under them, or any of them,

shall, for any act done or to be done in or about any of the works aforesaid, be subject or liable to any action, indictment, or information, upon the Statute made in the fifth year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An ail containing divers orders for

artificers, labourers, servants of buflandry, and apprentices; or be

liable to be sued for any breach of the custom of j or for any penalties inflicted by any by-law of the said city.,

XIII. Provided always, That previous to the making of For giving any such contract, notice shall be given in fbme of the daily notice of news papers, that the said commisioners do intend to make contra^8‘ such contract, and that all persons. willing to engage therein

may

v^

3* Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 2i. [1767;

may make propofalsto the said commisioners at a certain time and place in every such notice to be specified ; and all contracts made, or to be made, in' consequence of such notice, shall specify the several works to be done, and the price or prices to be paid for the fame, and the time or times when the said works are to be completed, together with the penalties to be incurred in case of the non-performance thereof; and the fame shall be ligned by the clerk for the time being of the said commisioners, as also by the person or persons con trading to perform such works respectively, and shall be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpose by the said commisioners.

No member of XIV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That the common no person, being a member of the court of common council of council to be the said city, shall be directly or indire#ly interested or con-annCcontraft cerne^ in any contract which shall be made or entered into by y n ra ' or on behalf of the said commisioners, for or concerning any of the said works to be carried on or performed in pursuance of this a#, or for or concerning any materials to be used or employed therein, upon pain that every such contract shall be null and void; and that the person who, being ,a member of the said court, and shall be so interested or concerned therein, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the him of one hundred pounds to any person or persons who shall sue for the fame; to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at -minster, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, to be commenced within six calendar months next after the offence committed; in which action or suit respectively, no prote#ion, v essoin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and every person against whom the said penalty shall be recovered, shall, for ever thereafter, be disabled from being ele#ed a member of the said court of common council.

For paving XV. And it is hereby further enacted. That the said com-

streets. missioners may cause all or any of the said streets, lanes, squares,

yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, to be new paved or repaired, when and as often, and in such manner, and with such materials, as the said commisioners shall think fit; and for such purposes may, from time to time, cause to be dug, carted, and carried out of, or brought into,'the fame, or any of them, such gravel, stones, and other materials, as they shall judge necessary ; and may likewise cause the ground thereof to be raised or lowered, the course of the channels running in or through the fame to be turned or altered, and the water pipes which now lie, or hereafter shall belaid, underground, to be taken up and new laid in such places, manner, and form, as they the said commisioners shall judge best; and may cause such posts as they shall think useless or inconvenient to be taken up and removed, and likewise all steps, bulks, (hew-glasses, and (hew-boards, encroaching upon the foot-ways, as also all steps and doors opening or leading from the foot-ways into vaults or cellars, to be removed or altered.

XVI. And

*7^7*1 Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 2 r. 33

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said com- For taking tniflioners shall and may cause all signs, or other emblems, awa? ^ns» used to denote the trade, occupation, or calling, of any person p0 s*

or persons, sign-posts, Agri-irons* pent-houses, Ihew-boards, spouts, and gutters, projecting into any the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, or places, and all other encroachments, projections, arid annoyances whatsoever, within the said city or liberties, to be taken down and removed ; and shall cause all signs, or other emblems, as aforesaid, shew-boards, and gutters, or such^arts thereof as they shall think fit, to be affixed or placed on the fronts of the houses, lhops, ware-houses, dr buildings, whereuntp they respectively belong, or were before affixed, and not otherwise; and shall return or cause to be returned, to the respective owners, so much of such signs, or other emblems, sign* polls, or other polls, sign-irons, Ihew-boards, spouts, and gutters, as shall not be affixed or put Up, or otherwise made use of, in the alterations directed by this act; and that, for the future, all signs, sign-boards, and gutters,

shall be placed or fixed on the fronts of the houses, (hops, warehouses, or buildings, to which they respectively belong, and not otherwise : and if any person or persons shall, at any time hereafter, hang, place, ereCt, or build, any sign, sign-pofl, or other poll, sign-iron, pent-house, Ihew-board, Ipout, gutter, or other projection, obstruction, or annoyance, or cause the fame to be done, contrary to the direction aforesaid every per-fpn so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay 'the sum of five pounds, and the further sum of twenty shillings for every day such offence shall continue.

XVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, Directing that That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or per- cranes shall fons to keep any crane or cranes already fixed up against any ^thePwCila warehouse or warehouses, within the said city and liberties Qf war^j thereof, or to affix any crane or cranes to such warehouse or houses. warehouses, and to make use of such crane or cranes, so as such

crane or cranes be turned and kept close to the walls of such warehouse or warehouses when not in aClual use; any thing in this act, or any former law, custom, or Statute, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And, for the more speedy removal of sundry and Directing that

obstructions in the said city and liberties, it is hereby further enaCl- £0,7igs!Jn-

ed. That if, after the twenty fifth day of March next, any com- th* m . mon llage waggon or other waggon, or any cart, dray, or other above one carriage, shall, for the purpose of loading or unloading the hour, fame, or any part thereof, be suffered to (land or continue in any of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, paf-sages, or places, above the space of one hour at any one time; or if any cart, waggon, dray, or other carriage, shall be placed and suffered to Hand athwart or across any such street, lane, square, yard, court, alley, passage, or place, for the loading or unloading thereof, or for any other purpose whatsoever 5 or if any such cart, waggon, dray, or other carriage, shall be suffered to Hand Voi.XiXVIII. D or

34

V

For preventing buildings otenclo fares in the streets.

Ahfio octavo GfcoltGii III. C. 2f. £1^67*

or continue in any part of such streets, lanes, fquarCs, yards, courts, alleys, passages, or places, longer than is necessary for the loading or unloading thereof; or if any goods* materials, or things whatsoever, shall be laid cm* placed, and left in any such. street, lane, square, yard, court, alley, passage, or place, so as to obstruct the free palfage thereof; then, and in every such case, any one of the said commisioners, or any one .of their officers to be by them appointed to remove nufances, shall and may seize, or cause to be seized, the ft age waggon, cart, waggon, dray, or other Carriage, so placed, or futfercd ta ftahd or Continue, contrary to the true meaning of this act, together with the horse or horses thereunto belonging, or the goods, ma* terials, or things, so laid or placed, and left as aforesaid, and remove the fame,, or cause the fernoto be removed* to the cona-mon pound of the said city, commonly called Green there to be kept and detained until the owner, or owners thereof, or his, her, or their known servant or fevvants, shall and do daim the fame, and pay to the person or persons in whose custody the fame shall then be, the sum of twenty shillings* together prith the charges of removing and keeping the fame; and in case the fame shall not be claimed, and the said sum of twenty shillings and charges paid, within the space of three days next after such seizure, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commisioners to cause the fame to be appraised and fold, and the monies arising therefrom shall be applied to the purposes of this act.

XIX. And it is hereby further enabled, That if any person or persons whatsoever shall erect or build, or cause to be erected or built, any posts, bars, rails, boards, or other things, by way of enclosure, for the purpose of making mortar, or depositing bricks, lime, or other materials, for building oc repairing any houses, buildings, or other works, within the said city or liberties, in any other manner, or shall suffer the fame. to remain for any longer time, than shall be necessary for such building or repairs; or shall lay any rubbish within such enclosure, or on the outside thereof. Or near thereto; and complaint thereof shall be made to the said commisioners by any two houfttoiders of the said city or liberties, and the said commisioners shall, upon view, or other due proof of rbe matter of the iaid complaint, find the fame to be true; then, and in every such case, the person or persons erecting and building, such enclosure, and suffering the fame to remain longer than shall be necessary as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty shillings; and moreover, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commisioners to cause such enclosure or erection to be pulled down and removed, and the materials thereof, as also all bricks, mortar, lime, or other valuable things contained within the same, or thereto belonging, to be depoftted in the Green Yard aforesaid thereto be kept and detained until the owner or owners thereof, or his, her, or their known servant or servants, shall and do pay, to the person or persons in whose custody the fame

shall

Anno odlavo Georgii III. c. 21.' ^5

shall be, the charges of pulling down and removing the fame j and in case the fame shall not be claimed, and the said charges . paid, within the space of eight days next after such seizure thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commisioners to order the fame to be appraised and fold, and the money arising therefrom shall be applied to the purposes of this act: and the said commisioners are further authorized to remove such rubbish to such place as they shall think convenient; and every person laying such rubbish, or causing or procuring the fame to be laid, within or on the outside, or near to such en-closure, shall forfeit a sum not exceeding treble the value of the costs of removing the fame.

XX. And it is hereby further enacted, That no person or No lime shall persons whatsoever shall (lake lime in the foot-way or carriage- be flaked in

way of any of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, al- ^ * ftrccts> lies, passages, or places, or in any house or houses within the &c* fame; upon pain that every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings.

XXI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall But not to re-be confftrued to restrain any bricklayer or plaiflerer from flaking strain brick-lime within the yards or cellars or houses which shall be new building or repairing, or within the yards or cellars belonging in the cejiars to the dwelling-house of any such bricklayer or plaifterer, so that of houses new the fleam of such lime be conveyed into and through the chim- building or ney of such house respectively; and that no lime be flacked in

any cellar or yard, after the hour of (even of the clock in the

morning from Lady- day to Michaelmas, nor after the hour of

eight or the clock in the morning from to

and if any lime shall be flaked contrary to the directions of this

act, every person so offending shall, for each offence, forfeit the

sum of forty shillings.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- For preventions shall for the future carry, run, drive, draw, or cause to be big damage carried, run, driven, or drawn, on any of the foot-payments ^e^ooupave^ within the said city or liberties, any bier, or any wheel or wheels, ments# fledge, wheel-barrow, orother carriage whatsoever 5 or shall wilfully ride, lead, or drive, any horse, afs, mule, or other cattle,

coach or other carriage whatsoever, upon any part of the said foot-pavements ; then, and in any of the said cases, and so often as they or any of them shall happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons whatsoever, whp shall fee any such offence committed, to seize, and also for any othe'r person or persons to assist in seizing, such offender or offenders, and by the authority of this act, and without any other warrant, to convey or deliver him, her, or them, into the custody of a peace officer, in order to be secured and conveyed, before some justice of the peace of the said city; and the party or parties accused being brought before him, such justice shall proceed to examine, upon oath, any witness or witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give information touching such offence (which the said justice is hereby authorized and required to administer;)

D 2 and

{jOOQ le

3*

Anno octavo Georgii III. c, 2 f. [1767-.

and if the party for parties accused shall be convicted of any such offence, either by his, her, or their own confession, or upon such information as aforesaid, he, (he, or they, so convicted, shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten shillings for the first time of offending 5 the sum of twenty shillings for the second time of offending; and the sum of forty shillings for the third and every other time of offending.

For fixing up XXIII. And it is hereby futher enabled, That the said com-rJ;e "ame missioners shall and may cause to be painted, engraved, or der the street. See. fcrjjjed, in done, or otherwise, and to be affixed in a confpicu-ous part of one or more house or houses, building or buildings, at or near each end, corner, or entrance, of each of the said dreets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, or places, the name by which each respective dreet, lane, square, yard* court, alley, passage, or place, is properly or usually called or known; and may also cause every house, (hop, or warehouse, in each of the said dreets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, to be marked or numbered in such manner as they shall judge most proper for didinguidiing the fame; and if any person or persons shall wilfully or maliciously de-droy, pull down, obliterate, or deface, any such names, descriptions, marks, or numbers, or any part thereof, or cause or procure the fame to be done, every person so offending shall, for * every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings.

For prevent- XXIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That no person or ing alterations persons shall, without authority from the said commisioners, *h tl]f form of a^ter or cau^e to altered, the form of the pavement of the said the streets. streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, which shall be new paved or repaired by the said cotn-missioners, or in any way incroach thereupon,, upon pain that every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds over and above the expence of relaying and reindating the fame according to the directions of the said commisioners; the said forfeitures and expence§ to be . recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, in the name of the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city of , to be commenced within six calendar months next after the CQtn-mission of such offence; in which action or suit, no protection, effoin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

Commission- XXV. And whereas many hackney coaches have fixed their fiends* ers to fix the and dopply at improper places, within the said city and liberties therer

Eackneyhere whereby Sre.at obfiruRions and annoyances are , and morer

coaches are over* persons wanting to hire such , are obliged to

to Hand or fetch the fame from inconvenient difiances: And whereas it would be

ply* of great benefit to the said , as well as of convenience to persons

having occasion to hire such ; if the said commisioners were

vefied with the power of fixing thereof at more proper

places, be it therefore enafte;d. That, from and after the passing of this act it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commisioners.

x7^7-1 Anno octavo Georgii III. c. it. 37

fioners, from time to time, by writing under their hands and seals, or the hands and seals of three or more of them, to be publickly affixed in some conspicuous part of the Guildhall of the said city, to dire# and order at what place or places respectively, within the said city, and the liberties thereof, any hackney coach or coaches shall stand and be plied, and how many coaches shall be plied at each (land; and if the driver of any such coach or coaches shall fuifer the fame to (land, and shall ply at any other place or places than according to the order and directions of the said comtnissioners, to be notified as aforesaid; or if any driver shall suffer any such coach or coaches to be and continue at or upon any (lands, after the number allowed by the said commisioners to (land and be plied at the fame (lands respectively shall be complete; then the owner or driver of every such coach or coaches shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten shillings.

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That after the ex- For repairing piration of twelve calendar months next after the passing of this bad pave-aCl, if any two housekeepers within the said city and liberties

shall make complaint in writing, under their hands, to the said commisioners, of any defeCl, or want of repair,, in any of the pavements of any of the said Greets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, pauages, or places, either before or after the fame shall have been new paved or repaired by virtue of this act; then, and in every such case, the said commisioners shall forthwith cause the pavement so complained of to be inspeCled by their surveyor; and if the fame shall by him be found defective, and so reported to be to the said commisioners, unless such defeCt shall appear to arise from a defeCl in the water-pipes lying un- t

der such pavement, they the said commisioners shall forthwith give orders to their contractor, or contractors, pavior or paviors,

*a repair the fame: and if the Contractor or pavior of the said commisioners, to whom such order shall be given, shall not, within four days next after the receipt thereof, repair the said defective pavement; then, and in every such case, the said contractor or pavior shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings for everyday that the said defective pavements shall remain un- repaired after the expiration of the said four days.

XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That when and so ^oreta^^ UP often as any pipe or pipes, belohging to any of the water com- ^hViTthe wa-panies who furnish any part of the said cit-y and liberties with ter pipes are water, and which now lie, or shall hereafter be laid, under broken, ground, in any of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, or places, shall happen to break, burst, or decay,-

so as to require reparation; the surveyor of the said commisioners for the time being, or such other person or persons as the said commisioners shall appoint for that purpose, shall forthwith give, or cause to be given, notice thereof in writing, to the' pavior of the water company to whom he apprehends the said pipe or pipes to belong; who is hereby required to take up the said pavement, and open the ground at or near the place where

D 3 fuel*

Anrib octavo Georgii III. C r; [

such reparation shall appear to be wanting: and if the said pa— vior shall, upon taking up such pavement, and Opening such. ground, discover that the pipe or pipes so broken, burst, or decayed, does not, or do not, belong to the said water company whose pavior he is 5 then and in every such case, he shall forthwith give, or cause to be given, notice thereof, in writing, to the pavior of the company to whdm the said pipe or pipes shall appear to belong; in which case such Jaft-mentioned pavior is hereby required, upon demand, to make satisfaction for the taking up such pavement, and opening such ground, to the pavior giving notice as aforesaid; and the pavior of such water company, to whom the said pipe or pipes shall belong, is Hereby required to cause or procure the said pipe or pipes to be repaired, and afterwards to fill up the said ground, and ram down the fame, within two days next after such notice to him given; and as soon as such pipe shall have been so repaired, and the ground so filled up and rammed down, he shall give, or cause to be given, notice thereof, in writing, to the pavior or contractor for the time being of the said commisioners: and if the pavior of any of the said water companies, to or for whom such notice shall be given, or left at hrs place of abode, shall, by the /pace of two days next after the giving or leaving such notice as afore* said, refuse or neglect to take up such pavement, and open such ground; or if upon discovering that the pipe or pipes so broken, burst, or decayed, doth not, or do not, belong to the company whose pavior he is, he shall refuse or neglect to give immediate notice thereof in writing to the pavior of the company to whoth the said pipe or pipes doth or do belong; or if the pavior of the water company to whom such pipe or pipes shall belong, shall, by the space of two days next after such notice given to him, or left at his last place of abode, refuse or neglect to cause or pro* cure such pipe or pipes to be amended and repaired, or afterwards to fill up the ground so taken up, or to give such immediate notice of his having so done, to the pavior or contractor of the said commisioners for the time being; then, and in every such case, the person orperfons so respectively refilling or ne* gleCting shall, for every such offence, severally forfeit and pay she sum of five pounds: and if any pipe or pipes not belonging to any of the water companies, shall happen to break, burst, or decay, as aforesaid, in any of the said (beets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, or places; then, and in every such case, the respective bwner or owners thereof shall forthwith cause the ground over the fame to be qpened, and such pipe or pipes to be repaired, and notice thereof in writing to be given to the clerk for the time being of the said commisioners, or in case of refusal or neglect so to do, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds: and if any pavement shall be broken or taken up for the purpose of making, repairing, or altering any vault or drain, or for any other purpose whatsoever; then, and in every such case, the person or persons so breaking or taking up the said pavement, orcaufing the sanae to be so broken

39

*7^7-] Anno o&aro Geoigii 111. c. ti

or taken up, shall as soon as the nature of the work will permit, cause the -ground to be filled up, and notice thereof in writing Iq be given to the clerk for the time being of the said cotr.missioners; or, in case of refusal or neglect so to do, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings; and the said clerk of the said commisioners; shall forthwith, upon every such notice as aforesaid given to him, or left at his last place of abode, £raofaut such notice, or cause the lame to betransmitted, to the pavior or dan tra&or of the said commisioners for the time being; and >fthe said clerk shall refule ornegledt, by the space of two days next after any such notice as aforesaid given to him, or left at his last place of abode, to transmit such notice, or cause such notice to be transinitted, to the said pavior or contra&or for the time being of the said commisioners ; or if such pavior or contractor, to whom any such notice as aforesaid shall be so transmitted, shall,by the space of two days next after the transmit-ting of such notice to him as aforesaid, refuse or neglect to relay and repair the pavement fb broken up; then, and in every such case, the person so refuting or neglecting shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings for every day such pavement shall continue unrelayed or unrepaired after the expiration of the said two days*

XXVIII. Provided always, That if it shall happen that at any time there shall be no regular or fixed appointment of a pavior of any of the water companies, in that case such notice as aforesaid shall be delivered to, or left at, the office of the clerk or Secretary of such company respectively, who shall, in evefy such case, be fubffituted in the room of such pavior, to all the intents and purposes aforesaid.

XXIX And it is hereby further enacted. That the several and respectrve paviors now employed,* or hereafter to be employed, by the said water companies respectively, within the said city or liberties thereof, shall, within the space of thirty days next after the passing of this act, or within three days next after they shall be respectively appointed paviors to such company or companies, give notice in writing to the clerk for the time being of the said corontitiioners, of their respective names and plaoes of abode, and of the name of the respective company whole paviors they are, and of the re(pe<$tive diftricft to which they are appointed; and in like manner the clerk for the time being of the said commisioners shall, within therespective times aforesaid, give notice to the respe<ftiye paviors of the said several water companies of the names and places of abode of the pavior or paviors, contra&or or cantratfors, for the time being, of the said commissioner?; and if any of the said paviors, or the dark of the £id commisioners for the time being, shall negle<5t to give such notice within the respectiye times aforesaid, each of them shall* for -every such offence, severally forfeit and pay the (um of. twenty shillings.

XXX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and

P4 declared.

Where there is no fixed pavior, notice is to be left at the company's office.

Directing the paviors of the water companies togive notice of their names, &c.

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 21.

[1767.

when the pipes are broken, &c.

40

Water com- declared, That the charges and expences of relaying the pave-pames to payment which shall be broken, or taken up for the purposes of re-o/nevHayfng pairing or amending any such pipe or pipes, shall be reimbursed pavement, * and paid to the said commisioners, of to such person as they shall appoint to receive the fame, by the clerk or treasurer for the time being of the respective water companies to whom fufch pipe or pipes shall belong; or if the fame shall not belong to any of the said water companies, then by the respective owner or owners thereof; and the charges and expences of relaying the' pavement which shall be broken or taken up for the purposes of new making, repairing, altering, cleansing or emptying, any fewer, drain, or vault, of of making any new or additional grates, or of repairing and altering any old grates, shall be defrayed and paid by and out of some rate or rates to be made or assessed by virtue or in pursuance of the said act of the twenty second and twenty third years of the reigrv of King Claries the Second ; or by the person or persons who shall take up the said pavement, or any part thereof, or cause the fame to be taken up for any of the purposes aforesaid : and if such clerk or treasurer to any of the said water companies, or the respective owner or owners of such pipe or pipes, liable to reimburse and pay such charges and expences, shall refuse or neglect to pay the fame within ten days next after demand thereof, in writing, (igned by the clerk of the said commisioners, and left at their respective dwelling-houses or last places of abode, together with a bill to be annexed to such demand, containing an account of such charges and expences; then, and in every such case, the money so expended shall and may be recovered by the said commisioners of and from the person or persons so liable thereto, by action or actions of debt, bill, plaint, or informa* tien, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at the name of the mayor and commonalty, and citizens, of the said city of London, to be commenced within three calendar months next after such demand respectively; in which action or suit no cfloin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one impar* lance, shall be allowed.

XXXI. Provided nevertheless, and it is'hereby further enacted, That if at any time it shall be found necessary for the purposes of new paving, or altering the pavement, of any of the said (Ireets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, dr places.

Expence of alteration of the pipes to be defrayed out of the

monies of the to raise, fink, or any otherwise alter the polition of, any of the pipes or plugs laid down or placed by any of the said water companies, or by any other person or persons whatsoever, the charges attending the fame (h % Il be paid out of the monies arising, or to arise, by virtue of this act.

For procuring XXXII. And for the more eastly obtaining of water in cases of water in times fre, it is hereby further enacted. That the several water cofri-of fire. panies, who shall supply any of the inhabitants of the said city Names of the with water, shall, from time to time, within the space of four-ftjrnpocks tp teen days aft$r the passing of this act, or within seven days after

Xh9

3767.3 Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 21. 41

the appointment of any turncock or turncocks, give notice, in be delivered "writing, to, the said commisioners, of the names and places of,rK abode of their respe<Stive turncocks, distinguishing the districts to which they respectively belong; and if any of the said com- Penalty for panies shall neglect to give such notice within the times aforesaid, every neglect they shall, for every such neglect, forfeit the sum of forty fliil-. therein* lings; and the said commisioners shall, and they are hereby required yearly to caufeto be printed and distributed through every ward within the said city and liberties, to and amongst the several houlholders within the same, a list of the names and places of abode of the several turncocks of the district or districts within which every such ward respectively shall lie.

XXXIII. And it is hereby further enabled, Tfiat the said por watering commisioners shall have full power and authority to cause the the streets. * said streets to be watered as often as they shall think fit; and

also to cause any well or wells to be dug and funk in such places as they shall think proper; and also any pump or pumps to be erected in or near such places \ and also any pumps now (landing for the purpose of watering the said streets, or for any other purpose, to be removed or altered, and to defray the expences thereof out of the monies to be raised by virtue of, and for the purposes of, this act.

XXXIV. And) for the more effectually cleansing and keeping clean For making

the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, , pafjages, and duit-holes,

places, it is hereby further enabled by the authoriiy aforesaid,&c*

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commisioners to*cause any number of moveable or fixed dust-boxes, dust-holes, or conveniencies, wherein dust and allies, or other filth, may be deposited for the scavengers or rakers, to be erected and placed in such parts of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, as they shall judge necessary; and all and every the occupier and occupiers of houses or tenements within the said city and liberties are hereby required daily, and every day, to cause all their dust, allies,' and other filth, to be deposited in the said dust-boxes, dust-holes, or other conveniencies, or else to keep the fame in their respective houses or tenements, with the appurtenances, until the fame shall be removed" and carried away by the respective rakers, to be in this behalf appointed : and in case any such occupier of any house or tenement within the said city or liberties shall deposit, or cause or permit to be deposited, any allies, dust, or other filth, in any part of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, pal-(ages, and places, except in some of the dust-holes, dust-boxes, or other conveniencies, so to be ere<5ted or made as aforesaid; then the person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten shillings.

XXXy. And it is hereby further enacted, That every occu- For deanfing pier of any house or tenement within the said city and liberties, foot* ways, and (in respetf of houses left to inmates) every house owner,

shall once in every day, between the hours of eight and ten of }hc c}ock in the forenoon of eacfi day, scrape, sweep, and cleanse,

the

4*

For enlightening streets.

For preventing the da* imaging, &c. of lamps.

Anno oSfcavo Georg h HI. £1767,

the footway all along the front of their re(pe&ive houses or tc♦ nements, or cause the fame to be scraped, swept, and cleansed ; and in default thereof shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the Turn of five shillings.

XXXVI. And for the better enli streets^ lanes,

fquoresy yards, courts, alleys? ,.jpaffage, and , it is hereby

further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commisioners, from time to time, to cause such and so many lamps to be fet up in such places within the said city and liberties thereof, and to be placed in such manner, and at fitch difiances, as they shall judge necessary; and the said commisioners shall order and direct at what time the lights within the same shall be lighted, and how long they shall continue lighted; , and flaall, from time to time, give such other orders aaddfrc&tons in the premifies, as they shall think needful for the well and fiff-frcient enlightening the said dty and liberties thereof.

XXXVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any person or perfonsshall wilfully take away, break, or throw down* or damage, any lamp that now is or hereafter shall be fet tq> for enlightening any of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards* Courts* alleys, passages, and places, or wilfiillyextinguifia the 1 ight or lights within the lame, or damage the irons or other furniture thereof ; it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or person s whatsoever, who shall fee fpch offence committed, to seize, as also for any other person or persons to afiift in seizing, the offender or offenders; and by authority of this act, and without any other warrant, to convey him, her, or them, or to deliver him, her, or them, into the custody of a peace officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before feme justice of the peace of the said city; and such justice shall proceed to examine, upon oath, any witness or witnefies who shall appear or be produced to give information touching such offence (which oath the (kid justice is hereby authorized and required to administer) and if the party or parties accused shall be convicted of such offence, either by his, her, or their, own confession, or upon such kifor-mation as aforesaid, he, (he, or they, so convicted, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings for each lamp so broken, thrown down, or damaged, or for every light so extinguiftted as aforesaid; and moreover, shall make full satisfaction to the said commisioners, or to such person as they shall appoint to receive the fame, for the damage so by him, her, or them, done as aforesaid: and in case such offender or offenders shall not, on conviction, pay such forfeiture, and make such satisfaction, as aforesaid, such justice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them, to the Bridewell of the said city, there to be kept to hard labour for any space of time not exceeding one calendar month ; and such offender or offenders shall not be discharged before the expiration of the time for which he, (he, or they, shall be so committed, unless such forfeiture and fetisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

XXXVIII. And it is hereby farther ciu&ed. That in case

7 any

17S7.3 Airno octavo Geqh6ii Hi. c. 2 43

any person or persons shall' carelessly or accidentally break, For person* throw down, or damage, any of the said lamps so fet of, or carelessly or hereafter to be fet up as aforesaid, or the irons or other furni- ^eakln^or ture thereof, and shall not immediately, upon demand, make damaging0 satisfaClion for the damage done thereto ; then, and in every lamps, &c» such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any one justice of the peace of the said city, upon complaint to him made by one or more credible person or persons, to summon before him the party or,parties who shall be complained of for doing such damage as aforesaid; and, upon hearing the allegations and proofs on both tides, or upon the non-appearance of the party or (parties so complained of and summoned, to award such sum or Aims of money, by way of satisfaClion for such damage, as such justice shall think reasonable ; and in case of neglect or refufai of the said party or parties to pay such sum or sums of money so awarded,, within three days next after demand thereof, to cause the fame to be levied by ditiFefs and sale of his, her, or their goods or chatties; the surplus (if any) anting by such distress and sale to be paid to him, her, or them.

XXXIX. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority For veiling afore laid, That the property of the pavements, which a the the property time of patting this act, or at any time or times thereafter, shall be within the said city or liberties, and all materials and things used, or to be used, in or about the making or repairing there-&c. 9

of, shall be, and the fame are hereby vetie^ in the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city; and the said eontmissioners are hereby authorized and impowered to bring* or cause to be brought, any action or actions, in the name of the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, or to prefer, or order the preferring of indictments, again ft any person or persons who shall steal, take, or carry away, any or any part of such materials or things: and if any person or persons shall wilfully or maliciously destroy, or otherwise damage or spoil, any of the said materials or things, or any of the works done jn pursuance of this a Cl, or any part or parts thereof; every person or persons so offending therein, and being thereof convicted, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witneties, before any justice of the peace, shall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings for the first time of offending; and the sum of forty shillings . for the second and every other time of offending.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Directing the That all lamps which shall be put out by any person or per- placing of fans, at his or their own private expence/shall, from and after lan*P8** the commencement of this act, be placed in such manner as the said commisioners appointed to put this act into execution shall direCt.

XLI. And whereas it will he very convenient to the inhabitants of For consoli-the said city and liberties, that the rates and assessments dating rates.

-paving*, cleaning, and enlightening, the lanes, fquareS,

yqvds, courts, . alleys,, pafages, and places, for preventing Annoy-

ances

v^

44 Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 21. [1767.

arices therein, Should he consolidated and made one joint and general fund, to be collected together; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this a<Sf, one or more rate of rates, assessment or assessments, shall, at such time or ; times as the said commisioners shall think fit to order and i direct, by writing under their hands and seals, or the hands j ' and seals of seven or more of them, be made, lard, and aflelT- i

ed, in the several wards of the said city, by the aldermen or their deputies respectively, and the major part of the common council men of each ward, upon all and every person and persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy, possess, or enjoy, any land, house, (hop, warehouse, cellar, vault, or other tenement, within the said several wards, and who, by the laws now in being, are liable to be, and from time to time shall be, actually rated towards the relief of the poor in the respective parishes where he, (he, or they, shall respectively live or reside, for railing such competent'sum and sums of money as the said commisioners shall from time to time judge needful and direct, so as such rates or assessments do not^ in , anyone year, exceed in the whole the sum of one shilling

and six pence in the pound of the yearly rents of such of the said lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, or other . tenements or hereditaments respectively, as shall be (ituate in any street, lane, square, yard, court, alley, passage, or place, a<5tually begun to be new paved by virtue and in pursuance of this act, and one shilling in the pound of the yearly rents of such of the lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, tenements, or hereditaments respectively, as shall not be so situate; such rates respectively to be from time to time ascertained by the rates at which such respective lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, or other tenements or hereditaments, shall be from time to time assessed towards-the land tax.

Directing in * XLII. And it is hereby further enacted. That if it shall what manner happen that any of the lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, stal^be^fclT- ce^ars» vau^s, or other tenements, within the said city and ed, ' liberties, shall, at the time of making any of the said rates

or assessments, be empty; untenanted, or unoccupied; then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the alderman of the ward where such premisses shall lie, or his deputy, with the major part of the common council men of the said ward, to rate and assess the said premisses, at such times as the said commisioners shall dire#, as aforesaid; and in such case, as well as in case the said premisses shall, after the making such rate or rates, assessment or assessments, become empty, untenanted, or unoccupied, one half of such rate or assessment shall be charged on such premisses respe<5tively, and- be paid by the firff tenant or occupier thereof, who shall and may, and is hereby authorized to deduct and detain the fame out of his or her relit 5 and the landlord, or owner or owners of such prer ; fpifles, is and gre hereby required to allow fiuh dedudhop ant}

pay-

^

1767.] Anno oCtevo Georgii III. c. 2i. 45

payment, upon the receipt of the rffidue of his, her, or their* respective rents; and the said tenant or occupier shall be, and is hereby acquitted and discharged of and for so much of his or her relit, as the rate or afieflment so paid by him or her shall amount unto.

XLIII. And whereas many houses in several of the wards of the said city are, by the several landlords or owners thereof lett out in For assessing lodgings or tenements to divers tenants, whereby it will be difficult to

rate or ajfefs the said tenants in respect of , or to recover n *** .

such rates and assessments when made ; for remedy whereof, be it

enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the alderman of each respective ward, or his deputy, with the majbr part of the common council men of the said ward, at such times as the said commisioners shall direCt as aforesaid, to rate and alTefs in every such rate and afleflinent as aforesaid, the owner or owners of all such houses or tenements, as shall be so lett to, or occupied by, two or more tenants (which rate or aflelTment shall be paid by the occupier or occupiers of any part or parts of such houses or tenements) and loch occupier or occupiers of such houses or tenements is and are hereby authorized and required to pay such sum and Turns of money, as shall be so rated or aflelfed upon the owner or owners thereof, being duly demanded of such occupier or occupiers, and to deduCt the lame out of his, her, or their, respective rents; and the landlord, or owner or owners of such houses or tenements, is and are hereby required to allow such deductions and payments, upon the receipt' of the retidue of his, her, or their rents; and every such occupier, paying such af-feflinent or aflTeflments, shall be acquitted and discharged for so much of his or her relit as the said aflTeflfment or assessments so paid by him or her shall amount unto, as if the fame had been actually paid to the person or persons to whom his or her relit shall be due and payable; and in default of payment of the said rate or rates, afleflinent or assessments, the fame shall be and remain a charge upon the said premlfles, and shall and may [berecovered of and from the landlord or landlords, owner or I owners thereof respectively, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at West-

mnjler, or within the said city, to be commenced and prosecuted by any collector or collectors to be appointed as herein after directed ; in which aCti.on or suit, no protection, eflfoin, or I wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XLIV. And whereas, several manufactures, , , F0r relief of

and callings, necessarily take up, apd require great , by reason owners of

i whereof the persons concerned therein are obliged to pay large , large ware-and it may be a.great and intolerable hardship upon such persons to be boutes* See, rated to the full extent of their respective rents towards the purposes of this at1 ; and whereas it may be reasonable to excuse some persons from the payment of the aforesaid rates and , in the ,

or in part, on account of their poverty ; for relief therefore in such

cases, it is hereby further enacted and declared, That in : any of the .cases aforesaid, any person or persons may apply

Appeal to court of mayor and aldermen*

Foraflefling wharfs, warehouses, vaults or cellars.

For examining books relating to the poors rates.

Anno oflava Georgii III. c* 2r. £1767.

to the said commisioners, by petition, in writing, setting forth the cirCumstances of his, her, or their case, giving notice to the alderman of the ward wherein such rate or assessment shall have been made, or his deputy, and such petition shall be taken into consideration by the said commisioners at their next publick meeting, of which the alderman of the ward, or his deputy, shall have special notice; and if it shall then appear to the said commisioners, upon hearing the said petitioner or petitioners, that the said petitioner or petitioners is or are inti tied to relief ; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commisioners, and they are hereby authorized and impowered, to award* the said petitioner or petitioners such relief as they the said commisioners shall think just and reasonable.

XLV. Provided always, That if the alderman, or his deputy, or the major part of the common council men of such ward, shall think such award unjust or unreasonable, or if the party or parties concerned shall think him, or herself, or them-relves aggrieved, by Inch award; it shall and may be lawful to and for any of them to appeal, from such award, to the court of mayor and aldermen or the said city, who shall finally determine whether the said petitioner or petitioners is or are intitled to any, and what relief in the premises.

XLVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no person or persons shall, in respedfc or any wharf, or of any warehouse, vault, or cellar, upon any wharf, not fronting* any street or lane, be rated or assessed, or be liable to pay more than two thirds of the rates or assessments herein before directed to be rated and assessed on lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, and other tenements, within the several wards of the said city of London; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLVTI. And., in order to aftertain the rates and to be

made by virtue of this act9 be it further enacted by the authority

aforesaid. That the several aldermen of the said city, or their respective deputies, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and impowered, to cause any of the books of assessment of the land tax, within their respective wards ; and also any of the books of afleflinent of the rates towards the relief of thd poor, within the respective parifties of the fame wards, to be brought before them, and to take copies of such books, or any part thereof, as they shall think fit, without fee or reward; and if any person or persons, in whose custody or power any of the said books shall be, shall refuse or neglect to attend the said aldermen, qr their deputies, with such book or books, or to permit them to take copies thereof, as aforesaid; then, and in every such case,- every person who shall so refuse or neglect shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings.

XLVIII. And, for as much as it is reasonable that all publick buildings (hospitals excepted) and all dead walls y and void spaces of ground, Jhoutd be rated and ajjejfed in a due , towards the

paving)

*7^7*1 Anna octavo Georgii III. c. an47

pewing* cleansing, and enlightening, said , <mk£ the liberties,

thereof» it is hereby further ensued. That it shall and may be For aflefllng lawful to and for the alderman of each ward, within the said churches and city and liberties, or his deputy, with the major part of the °t*?er. PuWick common council men, and they are hereby required at such n^eting*' times as the rates and assessments hereby directed to be made by houses and order of the said commisioners as aforesaid, shall from time to void (paces of time he made, to rate ahd assess towards the purposes of this ground.

all parish churches, church-yards, chapels, and other publick buildings whatsoever, not charged to the land tax; as also all xneeting-houses, and all void spaces of ground, situate, lying, and being, within their ward, other than and except the cathedral church of Saint Paul in London, and the church-yards and ground within the iron rails encompassing the said cathedral church, at such rate as the commisioners, by writing under their hands and seals, or the hands and seals of any seven or more of them, shall order and direct for every square yard of inch churches, church-yards, chapels, and publick buildings, meeting-houses, and void spaces of ground, not exceeding the rate of four pence per square yard ; and also to rate and assess all dead walls within their wards, towards the purposes aforesaid, at such rate as the said commisioners shall order and di-red in manner aforesaid, for every yard running measure of such dead walls, not exceeding the rate of six pence per yard $ such rate or rates, assessment or assessments, so to be, from time ' to time, made upon any parish church, church-yard, or chapel, to be paid by their respective church or chapel wardens; and the rate or rates, assessment or afleflinents, so to be made, from time to time, upon any meeting-house within the said city or liberties, to be paid by the mjnifter and deacons, or other per-(bn usually officiating therein: and if such church or chapel warden, minister, deacon, or other person, shall refuse or neglect to pay the feme upon demand ; then, and in every such case, such rate or rates, assessment or assessments, shall and may be recovered of and from the person or persons so required to pay the fame by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at J, or within the said city, to be commenced and prosecuted in the name or names of the mayor and commonalty and citizens $ in which action or suit no eftbin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; and in default of payment of such rate or rates, assessment or aflefTments, to be made on any meeting-hoofe as aforesaid, the fame shall be and ror main a charge upon such meeting-house, and be paid by the landlord or owner thereof respectively; and such rate or rates, assessment or assessments, so to be, from time to time, made upon any publick building (not being an hospital) or upon any dead wall or void space of ground, shall be paid by the respective owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors thereof; and in cafethe owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, of any such void space 0/ ground, shall not.be known, or cannot be

found.

48 Anno octavo Georgii III. c. [1767

found, then the said rate or rates, assessment or afleffinents, to \ be thereon made, shall be advanced by the chamberlain of the

' city of London for the time being out of the calli of the said

city in his hands, and the said ground shall be and remain a security to the said chamberlain and his successors for repayment of all rates Co to be by him advanced.

Directing that XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be inns of court lawful to and for the alderman of ward without, or

shall be rated his deputy, with the major part of the common council men of forfthe(F“r.* the said ward, and they are hereby required, from time to time, p^es o t is tQ rate an(j in every such rate and a(Te(Tment as aforesaid,

the several inns of court and chancery herein after named, in the several and respective sums herein after mentioned, as a composition for the repairs of the pavements which they have respectively sustained ; that is to say, the Inner , in the sum of two pounds two shillings per annum; the Middle ,

in the sum of six pounds six shillings per annum; Serjeants Inn in Chancery Lane, in the sum of ten pounds per annum: and also to rate and assess the several inns of chancery herein after named, in the several and respective sums herein after mentioned 5 that is to say. Staples Inn, in the sum of fourteen pounds per annum;

Furnival' s Inn9 in the sum of twenty pounds per annum; Barnards Inn, in the sum of six pounds per annum; Clifford's Inn, in the sum of two pounds two shillings per annum: which rates or afleffinents shall be paid by the treasurer, principal, or other proper officer of the said inns of court and inns of chancery respectively; and in default of payment, may be sued for and recovered, in like manner as the rates and afleffinents upon parish churches, church-yards, and chapels, are herein before directed to be sued for and recovered.

L. And whereas the pavement lying between the fence of the churchyard belonging to the cathedral church of Saint Paul, the said city ^London, and the channels of the several streets and ways adjoining to, and furroundingthe said contains two thousand

two hundred andforty square yards; and the charges and expence $ of repairing, cleansing, and enlightening the fame, is now paid out of the interest and yearly produce of the surplus money of certain duties on coal granted by divers alls of and vested in the lord

archbishop of Canterbury, lord bishop of London, and lord mayor of For assessing the city of London, for the time being; be it hereby further enacSt-

the pavements ed, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corn-belonging to missioners, or any seven or more them, and they are hereby re-church^ofSt qu*re(L when apd at such times as the rates and afleflrnents Paul. * hereby dire<5ted to be made shall, from time to time, be made, to rate and assess the said cathedral church, toward the purposes of this act, at such rate as the said com missioners, or any (even or more of them, shall judge reasonable, not exceeding the rate of one shilling and three penfce by the year, for every square yard of the said pavement now kept in repair, out of the in* terest of such trust-monies as aforesaid; and that such rates or afieffinents so to be, from time to time, made on the said cathedral

49

j 767.] 'Anno o#avo GeoROIi III. vc* 21.

dral church as aforesaid, shall be paid by the lord archbirtiop of Canterbury, lord bishop of London, and lord mayor of the said city of London, for the time being, or their treasurer, or other* proper officer, out of the interest and produce of the said surplus-monies so veiled in them, upon the trusts, and for the purposes aforesaid.

LI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That Not to vacate nothing in this a# contained shall be deemed or taken to make any agree-void any contract, covenant, or agreement, between landlord mei^ b^twc?n and tenant touching or concerning the paving, cleansing, or J^nant. enlightening, any part of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, within the said city and liberties, but that every such landlord who is now, by virtue of any such contract or agreement, obliged to pave, keep in repair, cleanse, or enlighten, any part thereof, shall, in lieu thereof, pay or allow unto his, her, or their respe#ive tenant or tenants, the rate or rates to be rated or assessed on such tenant or tenants respectively, or so much thereof as shall be' just and reasonable, according to the true meaning of such contract, covenant, or agreement, for and during the time of such contract, covenant, or agreement, shall remain in force; and in case any dispute shall arise concerning such contract, covenant, or agreement, the said court of mayor and aldermen shall have power to hear and finally determine the fame.

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any perfort or per- For recovery fons, who shall be liable to pay any rate or assessment to be of rates a-made by virtue or in pursuance of this a#, shall become agalrfta”^0 bankrupt or bankrupts before he, (he, or they, shall have fully jjfaifbe liable paid and satisfied all the money then due and owing for such to pay the rates and assessments; then, and in every such case, the alfignee fame, becom-or assignees of his, her, or their estate and effe#s, or other inS bank* person or persons possessing the fame, shall, out of such estate rupts* and eflFe#S, after paying to the petitioning creditor or creditors his, her, or their costs of suing out and prosecuting the commission against any such bankrupt or bankrupts, in the next place, pay unto the chamberlain of the said city of , for the time being, all such sums of money as were due for such rates and assessments at the time of the suing out any such commission against him, her, or them respectively, or so much thereof as the said estate and effe#s will extend to pay, and the receipt of the said chamberlain shall be a good discharge for the said money; and every assignee or assignees, or other person as aforesaid, may, to any action or salt commenced or brought against him, her, or them, plead or give in evidence the payment of the fame, and shall be allowed such payment out of the estate or effe#s of such bankrupt or bankrupts, prior to any other <tebt or demand whatsoever (except as before i9 excepted) and in case of non-payment of the fame by the space of one calendar month after the fame shall be demanded, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commisioners to commence and prosecute one or more action or a#ions, suit or Vol. XXVIII. £ suits,

Googfe

$0

For making duplicates of rates.

For appointing cohc&ors.

i

Obliging the collectors to take an oath.

Anno oClavo Georgii III c.if. [*767.

fctt*s, for the fame, in the name of the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or within the said city, against such af-

signee or assignees, or other persons as aforesaid.

LIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the alderman or his deputy, and the major part of the common council men for the time being, in each ward within the said city or liberties, are hereby required to set down in writing, and sign two duplicates of the rates and assessments which they shall, from time to time, make by virtue of this act, for the purposes aforesaid; in which shall be expressed the names of the collectors who shall be appointed to collet the fame; one of which duplicates shall, within ten days next after the making thereof, be deposited by the beadle of the said ward in the office of the chamberlain of the said city of where

the fame shall remain; and every citizen of London* liable to be rated by virtue of this act, shall and may have free access thereto, at all convenient times, and be permitted to inspeCt the fame without fee or reward; and the person or persons neglecting to depoiit such duplicates, in the manner, or within the time aforesaid, or refusing to permit such inspeCtion as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit the sum of five pounds.

LIV. And, to the end that the faidfevera\ rates and ojfejfments nwy he fully and eompleatly raised and paid for the purpofts , it is

hereby further enabled. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the alderman or his deputy, with the major part of the common council men of each ward, at the court of wardmote to be holden upon or near the feast day of Saint Thomas the apostle for the choice of ward officers, to return to the said wardmote the names and places of abode of a competent number of substantial inhabitants of such ward, of whom, so many as the said alderman* or his deputy, and the major part of the said common council men, shall think (it and direCt, not exceeding half the number of persons fe returned, shall be chosen and appointed at the said wardmote, to be collectors of the rates and assessments which shall be made in pursuance of this act, for one whole year, from the said feast day of Saint Thomas the apostle to (he fame feast day then next following, and so yearly* and from year to year: and the said collectors for the time being are hereby authorized and required, in the respective ward* for which they shall be so chosen collectors, to coLleCt and receive, from time to time, such rates, assessments, and fum&of money, as shall be due and payable by virtue of this act, of and from all persons liable to pay the fame; and all persons who, by virtue of this act, shall be charged therewith, or be liable thereunto, are hereby required to pay such rates or assessments unto such respective collectors for the time being accordingly; such collectors, from time to time, giving receipts for the fame gratiiy if thereunto required, and which they are hereby enjoined to do, upon request: and every such collector, who shall be

. chosen

5i

tj6yf] Ahno odtava Gfcofcfcri ill. t. *r.

chosen by virtue of this act, shall, at the wardmote at which he ' shall be chosen as aforesaid, or within the space of twenty days then next ensuing, before the alderman of the wqrd for which he shall be so chosen collector, or his deputy, take and subscribe the following oath, or, being one of the people called make and subscribe the following solemn affirmation, for the true and faithful execution of the said office.

I A. B. do /wear (or solemnly aflitm) that 1 will, act or ding to The oathV the best of my /kill ana knowledge, well and truly perform and execute the office of a colled}or, within the ward of

according to the directions and true intent of an act made in the s

eighth year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Third, for

the better paving, cleanling, and enlightening, the city of

and the liberties thereof, and for preventing obstructions and

annoyances within the same, and for other purposes therein

mentioned.

Which oath or affirmation shall be administered, Without fee or reward, by the alderman of each respective ward for the time being, or his deputy: and if any collector, chosen in pursuance of this act, shall refuse or neglect to take the said oath, or (being one of the persons called Quakers) to make the said affirmation, or to take upon himself the said office, or, after having taken upon himself the said office, shall refuse or neglect to serve and execute the fame, according to the true iritent and meaning of this act; he shall, for every such refusal or negle<5t, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds; and shall, nevertheless, continue liable to be chosen into the said office again the year following, or at any other time, and shall be liable to the like penalty, so often as he shall thereupon refuse or neglect to take upon him and duly to execute the fame.

LV. And it is hereby further enacted, That when and as In case of re-often as any person shall refuse or neglect to take upon him the [uj?lor n5£* said office, or to exepute the fame when chosen, or shall die, or remove out of the ward in and for which he shall be so chosen alderman', and appointed, before he has finished his collection $ then, and of the ward, in every or any such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for &c: m»y *p-the alderman of such ward for the time being, or his deputy, Pomt ot cr8# with the major part of the common council men of the said ward, by appointment under their hands and seals, to nominate ana appoint some other fit and proper person within such ward, to collect the said rates therein, or such sum or sums of money as shall remain due and unpaid thereof: and if such other person so appointed shall refuse or neglect to take and subscribe the said oath, or (being one of the persons called Quakers) to make the said affirmation, to serve and execute the said office ; then, and in every such last mentioned case, every person so refuting or negleCting shall be liable to the like penalty of fifty pounds as if he haefbeen chosen into the said office at the wardmote, as aforesaid,

E 2 LVI. Pro-

♦

$2

Not to extend to oblige persons to serve who are by

the collectors to distrain in case of nonpayment.

v Anno octavo Georgii III. c. [1767.

LVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled.

That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be con-

ftrued, to oblige any perfort or persons to serve the said office

, , of colle<5tor, who, by the laws now in being, is or are exempted

law exempted. from ferV;n'g any wJrd office>

Impowering LVIf. And it is hereby further enabled and declared, That if any person or persons who shall be rated or assessed by virtue or in pursuance of ‘this act, shall, by the space of ten days next after his, her, or their respe<5tive rate or rates, assessment or assessments, shall be due, and demanded by the collector or collectors authorized and appointed to collet and receive the fame (such demand being either personally made to the respe<5tive person or persons so charged, or left in writing at his, her, or their respective house or houses, or place or places of abode) then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such collector or collegers, every or any of them, having a warrant or warrants under the hand and seal of the said commisioners, or any three of them (which warrant or warrants the said colle<5tor and collectors is and are hereby required tp apply for; and the said commisioners, or any three of them, are hereby authorized and required to gram) and, with the assistance of a constable, or other peace officer of the ward, county,* city, or liberty, where the person or persons so refusing or neglecting shall reside, to enter his, her, or their house or houses, apartment or apartments, and then and there to distrain. his, her, or their goods and chatties; and if the fame shall not be replevied, or such rate or afffeffment paid, within five days next after such distress made, together with the costs and charges thereof, then tp appraise and fell so much and such part of the said goods and chatties as shall be sufficient to pay the said rale or afieftment, with the costs and charges attending fudh distress and sale 5 returning the overplus (if any) to the owner or owners of such goods or chatties, (the said costs and charges to be settled and allowed by the said commisioners, or any three or more of them) who shall have granted such warrant or warrants respectively.

LVIII. Provided always, That no such distress shall, by virtue of this act, be made out of the limits of the said city and liberties thereof, unless such warrant or warrants respectively shall be first backed or countersigned by some magistrate of the county, city, or liberty where such distress is proposed to be made 5 which warrant or warrants any magistrate who (hgll be applied to for that purpose, shall forthwith back br countersign, without fee or reward.

LlX. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any such lectin their co^e<^or or collectors shall refuse or neglect to apply for such dutym grant- warrant or warrants as aforesaid, or to make such distress and sale, pursuant to the directions of this act, except in cases where such distress shall be dispensed with by the alderman or his deputy, and the major part of the common council men of each respective ward, by writing under their hands, in re-

fpc&

Warrant of distress to be backed.

For punishing persons neg-

ing or executing any warrant.

53

1767*1 Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 2 r.'

fpeCk of the poverty of the party or parties assessed ; such collector or collectors shall, for every such refusal or neglect, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds: and if any justice of the peace, upon such application to him made to back or counter-sign such warrant or warrants as aforesaid, shall refuse or neg-leCt so to do, such justice shall, for every such refusal or neglect, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds : and if any constable, being called upon by any collector or collectors having such warrant or warrants, shall refuse or neglect to aid and ' assist him or them in making such distress and sale, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings.

LX. And, for the more effectual enforcing the paymmt of the said rotes and assessments for the purposes afore said, it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any freeman of Rendering London, liable to pay the said rates and afleflfments, or any re-assessments, which shall and may be made in the cases herein ?ates”Sinca-j after-mentioned, shall have negleCted or refused to pay the pable of vot-fame, or any part thereof, after such demand as aforesaid 5 or »pg at elec-if any such freeman shall, for or in respect of poverty or tlons* inability, have desired to be excused, and accordingly shall have been excused, from paying any such rate, assessment, or re-assessment; then, and in every such case, every such freeman shall be under the fame incapacity of voting at elections within the city of London, as any person or persons now is or are, who dp not pay their scot and lot to any of the yearly rates and assessments to which the citizens of London are, at this time, or shall hereafter, become liable.

LXI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enaCt- Allowing an ed, That any person or persons who shall think him, her, orcSmmission-e themselves, aggrieved by any rate or assessment to be made by er8. virtue or in pursuance of this act, may, within the space of thirty days next after such rate and assessment shall have been j demanded as aforesaid, appeal to the said commisioners; and they are hereby authorized and required forthwith to appoint a day for hearing such appeal; and the party or parties so appealing shall give three days notice, at the least, of the day so appointed, to the alderman of the ward in which the said af-feflcnent shall have been made, or to his deputy ; and such no- ' tice having been given, the said commisioners shall and may, upon the day so appointed, proceed to hear and determine such appeal; and their determination shall be final; and no fees shall be paid on the making, hearing, or determining, of such appeal.

LXII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and Directing the declared. That if the alderman of any ward, within the said co,|jmlffio"er# city of London, or his deputy, with the major part of the com- determine mon council men of the said ward, shall, at any time or times complaints of hereafter, in any rates or assessments by them to be made, by any mhabit-virtue or in pursuance of this act, neglect or omit to rate or .upon aflfefs any person or persons liable to such rates or assessments, or shall neglect or omit to rate or assess any lands, tenements, mission. or hereditaments, or the inhabitants or occupiers thereof, with-; E 3 in

54

For paying ' £he money

collected into the chamberlain's office.

Col le&ors to deliver in an account in writing under their hands.

Anno Q&avo Georgji III. c. a r; [1767;

in their ward, in proportion to the yearly relit of such lands, tenements, or hereditaments respeCfcivehr, as the fame shall be ascertained and rated in the rate or aflewnent towards the land tax; then, and in every such case, upon complaint thereof made by any inhabitant of the said city to the fain commisioners, they are hereby authorised and required forthwith to appoint a day for hearing such complaint; and the party or parties complaining shall give three days notice at the lead of the day so appointed, to the, alderman of the ward to which such complaint shall relate, or to his deputy; and such notice having been given, the said commissionera shall and may proceed to hear and determine such complaint; and for that purpose shall and may summon witnefies before them, and examine such witnesses upon oath ; which oath the said coramiftioners are hereby authorized and impowered to administer ; and if the said commissioneFs shall judge the matter of such complaint to he true, they shall make such alterations in the said rate or assessment as shall be just.

LXIII. And it is hereby further enabled. That every collector of the rates and afleflmenta aforesaid shall, from time to rime, pay the monies a riling therefrom, as he shall receive the fame, to the chamberlain of the said city of London for the time being ; and upon every such payment, the said chamber-lain, or one of his clerks, shall, without fee or reward, sign end give receipts in writing to such collector, expressing his name, the sum paid, and the name of the ward to which the said collector shall belong; and if such collector shall at any time keep and retain in his bands, of the monies (o to be collected by him, the sum of twenty pounds, or upwards, above two days (the chamber of London being within that time open to receive the fame) then, and so oftqn, such collector shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten (hillings1 for every day he shall retain the said sum of twenty pounds, or upwards, beyond the said two days.

LXIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every collector to be appointed by virtue or in pursuance of this act shall, upon three days notice in writing given to or left for him at his usual place of abode, by the alderman of the ward to which such collector shall belong, or his deputy, attend the said alderman, of his deputy, at such time and place, within their ward, as he shall appoint; or upon notice in writing to be given left as a fore & id, by the clerk or clerks respectively, to the said commifRoners, shall attend the said commisioners at (ueh place as they shall appoint in such notice; and then and there), if required,, deliver to such alderman, or his deputy,, or to the said commi®oners, upon oath (or if such collector be a Sfy&fay then upon his* (oleum affirmation; which oath or affirmation such alderman OF deputy is hereby impowered to adm milter true, exaCt, and perfect account in writing, under the band of such college*,, of all films of money yvhfpb he shall then have redyed byreafen of the said office; and

, 7 »if<?

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. C. 21. $$

also a true lift of the names of all persons within his ward, who shall have refused or neglected to pay his, her, or their said rates or assessments, with a true account or the several sums of money which such persons shall respectively he in arrear, to the intent that the fame may be speedily got in ind recovered: and if any collector, after such respective notices given as aforesaid, dial! refuse or neglect to attend, or deliver in his accounts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver in the vouchers relating to the fame, or to account for any sum or sums of money by him collected or received, and to pay the fame, and every part thereof, as is herein above directed j then, and in every such case, such collector shall, for every such refusal or neglect, forfeit and pay such sum of money as the rates and assessments, which he shall have been entrusted or authorized to colIcCt, shall amount \jnto, after deducing the amount of the sum or sums by him actually paid to the chamberlain of the said city for the time being; which forfeiture shall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, to be commenced and prosecuted in the name of the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city; in which action or suit, such collector shall be held to special bail, and no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

LXV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and Collectors re-dedared, That if any collector or collectors of the said rates i and assessments, shall have in his or their hands any of the said fame *to ^ je. I rates or assessments collected by him or them, and shall refuse vied by di-to account for and pay the fame as aforesaid, it shall and may (hess and fate, be lawful to and for any justice of the peace for the fai 1 city, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause such collector or collectors to be brought before him, to hear and determine the ! matter of such complaint in a furtunary way ; and if, upon the confession of such collector or collectors, or the testimony of any credible witness or witnesses, upon oath (which oath such justice is hereby impowered and required to administer) it shall appear to him that any of the monies which shall have been collected and raised by virtue of this aCI, shall then be in the hands of such collector or collectors, and that he or they refufeth or refuse to pay the fame, according to the true intent and meaning of this aO, the said justice is hereby authorized and required, by a warrant or warrants under his hand and seal, to cause such money to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chatties of such collector or collectors respectively $ and if no goods or chatties of such collector or collectors can be found fuffkient to answer and satisfy the said money, and the charges of such distress and sale, then the said justice may and shall commit such collector or collectors to one of the compters of the said city, there to be detained and kept without bail or mainprize, until he or they shall pay the fame, or such composition as the said commisioners shall agree to accept I £4

56 Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 21. f1767-

in full; which composition such commisioners are hereby impowered to make.

Commission- LXVI. And it is hereby further enabled, That every col-

ers tosummon ]e<^or to be appointed by virtue or in pursuance of this act, colledors1116 upon three days notice in writing, given to or left for him

upon oath, at his usual place of abode, by the clerk of the said commission-touching any ers, attend the said commisioners at such time and place as complaint or fhaIl be appointed in such notice,and then and thereof required. Spry! ° answer upon oath (or if such collector shall be a £>ua % er, then upon his solemn affirmation ;which oath or affirmation such commisioners, or any two of them, are hereby impowered to adminider) touching any neglect of duty, or other matters of complaint against him ; and if any such collector shall refuse or neglect to attend on such notice as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commisioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by warrant under their hands and seals, or the hands and seals of any three or more of them, to cause such collector to be brought before them? and to hear and determine the matter of such complaint, in a fummarj way; and if such collector shall not shew good cause of excuse, to the satisfaction of the said commisioners, for his neglecting or refusing to attend on such notice as aforesaid, he shall, for every such neglect or refusal, forfeit the sum of forty shillings, to bp levied by didrefs and sale of the goods and chatties of such colle<5tor; and if no goods and chatties of such collector can. be found, sufficient to answer and satisfy the fame, and the charges of such didrefs and sale, then the said commisioners,

........ by their warrant as aforesaid, may and shall commit such collector to one of the compters of the said city, there to be detained and kept for any time not longer than one month, nor less than fourteen days.

In ease of LXVI1. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any col-collectors be- lector or collectors shall happen to die, or become bankrupt, ruTsngexecu before or they shall have fully paid and satisfied all the tor8,SorafCU* money by him or them received by virtue of this act, or such % nees, to pay composition for the fame as aforesaid ; then, and in every such the money, case, the executors or administrators, executrix or administra-trix, or other legal representative or representatives, of such collector or collectors, or other person or persons possessing his or their estate and effects, shall, in the first place, out of such estate and effects, pay unto the chamberlain of the said city of London for the time being, all such sums of money as were in the hands of such collector or collectors at the time of his or their death ; and the assignee or assignees of his or their estate and effects, in case of bankruptcy, shall, after paying to the petitioning creditor or creditors, his, her, or their cods of luing put and prosecuting the commission against such bankrupt or bankrupts, in the next place, 'pay unto the said chamberlain all such sums of money as were in the hands of such collector or collectors, at the time of the suing out of any such com-Pftiffion of bankruptcy against him or them, or so much thereof

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. ar* 57

as the said e‘(hte or effects will extend to pay, and the receipt of the said chamberlain shall be a good discharge for the said money; and every executor or administrator* assignee or af-:ignees, or other person, as aforesaid, may, to any action or suit commenced or brought against him or them, plead, or give in evidence the payment of the fame, and shall be allowed such payment out of the estate and effects of such collector or collectors, prior to any other debt or demand whatsoever; and in case of non-payment of the fame, by the space of one calendar month after the fame shall be demanded, it shall and may be lawful to and for the alderman of the said ward, or his deputy, to commence and prosecute one or more action or aCtions for the fame, in the name of the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, against such executors or administrators, assignee or x assignees, or other person as aforesaid.

LXVIII. Andy to the intent that fubjlantia persons may be chosen If collectors and appointed collectors in each wordy it is hereby further enacted, receiver That in case any collector or receiver of the said rates or aflfelT-ments shall become insolvent, or shall embezzle, or make away be

with, detain, or misapply, any sum or sums of money so col- again assessed. leCted by him for the uses aforesaid, lb that the fame cannot be recovered, or shall die possessed of any sum or sums of money by him or them collected by virtue of this act, and which shall not be paid by his executors Or administrators; then, and in every such case, such sum and sums of money shall be again rated and adefied on the inhabitants of the ward for which such person was chosen and appointed collector, by the alderman of such ward, or his deputy, with the major part of the common council men of the said ward, in such proportion and manner as the rates are directed to be made by this act; and shall be collected, levied, and distrained in such manner, and under such penalties, as are herein provided for collecting and levying the rates due and payable by this act.

LXIX. And is is hereby further enacted, That the cham- Chamberlain berlain of the said city of London for the time being shall and to pay all may, and is hereby authorized and required, out of the mo~ nUems ?5er nies collected and paid into the chamber of the said city pursuant to this act, to pay all sums of money which the said com- mi(fioners,and missioners shall, from to time, draw upon him for, or order to make en-him to pay j and the said chamberlain, for the time being,tries*

shall, and he is hereby required to keep regular and clear entries in a book or books to be for that purpose by him provided and kept, of all and singular his receipts and payments, on account or in pursuance of this act; to which book or books every citizen of London, liable to the said rates, shall and may have free access at all convenient times, with full liberty to in-spect the fame, without fee or reward $ and also that the said chamberlain, for the time being, shall, once in every year, have the said accounts audited and passed by the said commisioners, and shall deliver copies of the said accounts to each house of * par*

v^

5*

Commisioners impowered to borrow money upon, the credit of the rates.

For borrowing money, by annuities on Eves.

If annuitants die, any per* ion may purchase annui* ties for their lives.

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. r. [1767.

parliament, within twenty days after the opening of every (ieflion.

LXX. And, for the more effectually enabling the fata commffioners to execute the purposes of this act) in the most expeditious ,

it is hereby further enalied, That it shall and may be lawful for the said commisioners, and they are hereby impowered, from time to time, when they shall judge it necessary for the purposes aforesaid, to borrow and take up at interest'any sum or sums of money, not exceeding one hundred thoufarrd pounds, upon the credit of the rates or atfeflments to be made and payable by virtue of this a 6t; and by any writing or writings, upon vellum or parchment, signed by them, to assign the said rates or a(Te(Tments, to any such person or perfens who shall advance or lend such money thereon, >as a security or securities for the several sums so borrowed, with legal or lower intereA for the fame; which interest shall be payable and paid half-yearly by the chamberlain of the said city for the time being, out of the monies to arise by or from the said rates or a fleffc-ments.

LXXI. And whereas many persons may thufe to advance money for the purchase* of annuities, to be secured , end payable out

of the said rates and assessmentS) it is hereby further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons to contribute, advance and pay, into the hands of the faid1 commisioners, for the purposes of this act, any sum or ftHH9 of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one hundred thousand pounds, for the absolute purchase of one or more annuity or annuities, to be paid and payable during the full term of the natural life of such persons, being of the age of forty five years, or upwards, as shall be nominated by or on the behalf of such respective contributors, at the time of payment of their respective contribution-monies; which annuity or annuities shall not exceed the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum for every one hundred pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser sum to be advanced and paid as aforesaid : all which annuities so to be purdiafed, shall be payable and paid by the said chamberlain of the said city for the time being, out of the monies to arise by or from the said rates and assessments, by four equal quarterly payments; the first payment to be made to the respective purchasers, or their assigns, at the expiration of the first quarter after payment of their respective purchase-monies; the rate whereof shall be settled and adjusted by a publick sale of the said annuities by the said commisioners to the best bidder for the fame.

LXXII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted; That when and as often as any such annuitants shall' die, it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons to purchase of the said commisioners one or more annuity or annuities upon the life of such persons, and upon such terms and conditkms, and to be payable in such manner as above mentioned; so that the sum or sums to be contributed for the purchase of any an^

nuities

59

Anno octavo GeoRGhIII. c. if."

nuities to be granted by virtue of this act shall, at no one time, exceed the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds.

L'XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the clerk Clerk to enter of the said commisioners for the time being shall enter in a Securities book or books to be for that purpose provided and kept by the ^o^wed'or said commisioners, all securities for monies borrowed, or an* annuities* nuities granted, by virtue or in pursuance of this act, and all granted, alignments or transfers thereof, expressing in words at length the names, Surnames, additions, places of abode, and other de-Script ions, of all such persons as shall, from time to time, be intitled to such Securities, and the sums received upon such securities; and also the names, surnames, additions, places of abode, and other descriptions, of the persons for whose lives the said annuities shall be respectively granted, and the days whereon the said annuities shall respectively be payable; to which book and books the person and persons intitled to, and pofiefied of, such annuities, and all and every the person or persons liable to the payment of the said rates and atieffments,

shall, at all seasonable times, have access, with free liberty to inspelt the fame, without fee or reward.

LXXIV. And it is hereby further enacted,That all and every That the an-person and persons who shall purchase such annuity or annui- nuities shall ties, and shall duly pay the purchase-monies for the fame at the not ** l,aWc rates aforesaid, and his, her, or their respective executors, ad*totaxc8* ministrators, and assigns, shall have, receive arid enjoy, the respective annuity or annuities so purchased, during the term of the natural life or lives of the person or persons by them respectively nominated at the time of such purchase, and shall have good, sure, absolute, and indefeasible estates and imerefts in the said annuities respectively, according to the true tenor' and meaning of this a<$t; and that none of the said annuities

shall be subject or liable to any tax atfeifed upon land by autho* rity of parliament; and every such purchaser shall, upon payment of his or her purchase-money as aforesaid, have an order on parchment or vellum for payment of the annuity or annuities so purchased by him or her, for and during the natural life or lives of such person or persons as shall be nominated by him or her as aforesaid; which order shall be 6gned by the said commisioners; and, after signing thereof, shall be firm, good, valid, and effectual in the law, according to the purport and meaning thereof, and of this act.

LXXV. And it is hereby further enabled, That it shall and por a(sign-tnay be lawful to and for any person or persons intitled to any ment ot ic-of the securities aforesaid, and his, her, or their executors, curities. administrators, ,or assigns, at any time or times, by writing under his, her, or their hand or hands respectively, to aiign er transfer such securities, by indorsement on the back thereof, ta any perfen or perfoas whatsoever, and so toties quo tin , and

(iiih alignments or transfers after they shall respectively be entered by the clerk of the said commisioners in manner afbre-fekl (which he is hereby required to do without fee or reward)

' shall

6o

Anno o£lavo Georgii III. c. 21.

fhfcll intitle the person or persons to horn they shall be respectively made, and his, her, or their respe£tive executors, administrators, and assigns, to the benefit of the security or securities so assigned or transferred.

In case any LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person br persons shall persons whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be fffigmnentany ^orSe(^ or counterfeited, or wilfully act or assist in forging or certificate/ counterfeiting, any assignment of any such annuity as afore-Sic. of any said, or any certificate of the age pr of the life of any nomi-annuitants. nee, or any order or authority in writing to receive any annuity ' due, or to grow due, to any proprietor thereof, or any part thereof, or shall knowingly or fraudulently demand, or endeavour to have or receive, any such annuity or annuities, of any part thereof, by virtue of any forged or counterfeited alignment,, letter of attorney, certificate, instrutnent, order, or authority, in writing, 'or shall falsely and deceitfully personate any true and real proprietor or proprietors of any such annuity or annuities, or the assignee of any such proprietor or proprietors, and thereby receiving, or endeavouring to receive, the money of any such true and lawful proprietor or assignee, as if such offender were the true and lawful owner thereof; then, and in every and any of the said cases, all and every such person and persons so offending, and being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death without benefit of clergy.

For charging LXXV1I. And it is hereby further ena<Sted, That all and borrowed on evlery the sum and sums of money so to be advanced and the rates. lent, and the interest thereof, and all and every the annuity

' and annuities so to be purchased, under and by virtue of

this act, shall be, and they are hereby charged upon, ,, and shall be paid and payable, from time to time, out of the monies arising from the rates and afleflinents to be rated and assessed by virtue and for the purposes of this act; and all the persons who shall be so possessed of such fecur'fies shall be creditors in equal degree, without preference in re-fpe<5t of the priority of his, her, or their, advancing the money thereon.

No persons LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and charged to- declared. That po person who shall be charged or assessed towards the wards the rates to be made by virtue or in purfuancp of this act, char* edwith '^all thereafter be liable to, or charged with, any other rates or other rate^of afleflinents made, or to be hereafter made, by virtue or in pur-*ny former fuance of any former act or acts of parliament, for or towards act* the paying, cleansing, or enlightening, the said city and liber-

ties, or any part thereof.

Not to extend LXXIX. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and

to repeal rates declared, That nothing in this a<5l contained shall extend, or be under former COnftrued to extend, to repeal, annul, or make void, any of the a s* said rates or afleflinents made or charged by virtue or in purfu-

anee of any such former act or acts of parliament, which were due and payable^ or in arrear, oa the.twenty ninth day of $#-:

1767.] Anno o&avoGEokGii III. c.61

/amber, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, or any of the remedies, powers or provisions, given or provided by such former act or acts respectively for the collecting, levying, or recovering the fame; but all such rates and afleffinents, and all arrears thereof respectively, which were due and payable on the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, and all the remedies, powers, and provisions, in and by such former act or acts respectively granted, enacted, or provided, for the collecting, levying, and recovering, the fame respectively, shall continue and be in force; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise not-with (landing.

LXXX. And whereas certain parts of Holborn, the Minories, For assessing -

and Aldersgate Street, are supposedto be out of the liberties of the certain place* said city of London, by means whereof the pavements of the ^.^aJe^ut

streets and places within the same respectiv cannot be completely 0ft'he liberties finijbed by the powers hereby vejled in the said commisioners; - of the said ci-

fore,for the better and more speedy completion of the fame, be it ty, for the enacted. That the several powers and authorities hereby vetted °*

in the said commisioners, and all the provisions and regulations1 herein before established, declared, and provided, for the purposes of paving, cleaning, and enlightening, the said city and the liberties thereof, and for other purposes of this act, shall respectively extend and shall be in force, and shall in all respects be executed by the said commisioners, within such parts of -born, the Minories, and Aldersgate Street, as are, or are supposed to be, out of the liberties of the said city of ; and the

courts and alleys leading into the fame, or communicating therewith, and the inhabitants of the several parts and places aforesaid, shall be rated and assessed according to the provisions herein before made by the alderman of the ward next adjoining to the fame respectively, or by his deputy, with the major part of his common council men, and such rates shall be recovered in manner herein before directed; any law, ttatute, custom, usage, or prefeription* to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and de- Liberty of dared by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act con- St. Martin le tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the liberty of Grandexcept-Saint Martin le Grand belonging to the dean and chapter of*£OUt° tus

Westminster; any thing in this act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

LXXXII. And whereas it was by an act of the seventeenth year Recites the act of the reign of his said late majesty King George, Second, f *7Geo-** tuled. An act for making effectual provision for enlightening the streets of the city of London, enacted. That if at the expiration of seven years, itfhould be found that any fur plus Should have arisen from the monies colie sted by virtue of the said act, over and above what Should have been issued and applied in pursuance thereof, such

fur plus- monies Jbouldremain in the chamber of the said city Lon-

don, to be applied either in aid of the orphans fund, or in abatement or diminution of future rates and assessments, or to be otherwise dif-

pofei

2

Le

6z

Surplus monies collected by virtue of the receited act, Sec.to

be applied to the purposes of this act.

Anno octavo Georgii III. C. [1767.

poled of to and for the use and benefit of the citizens ^London, as they by an act ofcommon council shoulddireft and appoint: And whereas part of the money arijing by the sale of fix , three

per cent, consolidated tank , which were purchased with or

out of the surplus money collected by virtue of the lafi mentioned fifty over and above what bad been issued and applied in pursuance thereof, is now remaining in the chamber of the ; and it will

tend to expedite the good purposes of this present act if such money as now is, or hereafter may bey in the chamber London of the monies collected,or to be coUeftedyby virtue of the said former act9 were to be applied towards the carrying on the purposes aforesaid; therefore it is hereby further enacted and declared. That the said money, and all such surplusses as have arisen, or shall or may arise, from the monies collected, or to be collected, by virtue of the said act of the seventeentth year of his said late Majesty, and shall on the twenty fifth day of Decembery one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, be remaining in the said chamber of Londony over and above what shall then have been ifiiied and applied in pursuance of the said lafi mentioned act, shall and may be ap-plied towards the purposes of this present act at such time or times, and in such manner, as the said commisioners shall, from time to time, think fit, order, or direct; and the chamberlain of the said city for the time being shall immediately after the said twenty fifth day of Decembery one thousand seven hundred and sixty (even, cariy the said money, and the amount of the surplus of the said monies which shall then be in hte hands, to the Credit of the account of monies to be collected and paid into the said chamber by virtue or in pursuance of this present act.

LXXXIII. And to the end and intent that the useful purposes of this act may be the better and more speedily carried into , and

for and towards increasing the fund for defraying the charges of the motioned tC^X fame*** *s hereby further enacted, That upon and after the first before any* Sunday next after the passing of this act there shall be paid to the cattle dr car- receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, to be nominated and riage shall be appointed as herein after-mentioned, before any cattle or carriage Sfson a to he permitted to pass on a Sunday through any or either of the Sunday. turnpikes herein after mentioned, or through any turnpike to be erected by virtue of this or any other act or acts of parliament near the fame; videlic the turnpike at Mile Endy the turnpike at Bethnal Greeny the turnpike at Hackney, the turnpike ox Kingflandy the turnpike at Pound or , IJHngtony the turnpike at Hollow oy9 the turnpike at the end of Saint John's Streetythe turnpike at the end of , and the turn-

pike on the New Roady commonly called the City Road, all which turnpikes are in the county of Mtddlcfexy the following ing tolls'; videlicet,

A toll to be taken at the several turn-

The tolls. For every coach, chariot, berlin, chaise, chair, cahlh, or other carriage, drawn by fix or more horses or mules, the fuin of ten pence; and for every coach, chariot, berlin, chaise, chair, calalh,

or

1767*] Anno octavo Georgii. III. c. 21. 63

or other Carriage, drawn by four horses or mules, the sum of eight per>ce.

For every coach, chariot, berlin, chaise, chair, calalh, or other carriage, drawn by three or two horses or mules, the sum of six pence; and for every chaise, chair, calalh, or other carriage drawn by one horse or mule, the sum of three pence.

For every horse, mule, or afs, not drawing, the sum of one penny.

Which said respective sums of money shall and may be demand- The said tolls ed and taken for, and in the name of, a street toll, over and to be taken above, and exclusive of, all other tolls which are or shall be ab°ve and «* authorized to be taken and collected upon or on account of the other^olls. laid roads, or any of them 5 and the monies arising therefrom Tol|g veftc j jn shall be, and are hereby, veiled in the said mayor and common- the mayor and alty and Citizens, and shall be disposed of for the purposes of commonalty this act: and the said commisioners are hereby impowered, by and citizens, themselves, or by any person or persons by them thereto autho- Tolls may be rized, to levy the toll hereby required to be paid upon any per- {^rsandTale, son or persons who shall, after demand thereof made, neglect or 8 refiife to pay the fame as aforciaid, or to deny or hinder any passage through the said turnpikes respectively until payment thereof; which said toll shall and may be levied by diltrefs of any horse or horses, or other cattle, upon which the toll is by this act imposed, or upon any of the goods and chattels of such person or persons who ought to pay the fame; and all such horses, cattle, or goods, may be detained until such toll, -with the reasonable charges of such diltrefs, shall be paid ; and it Diltrefs may shall and may be lawful for the person or persons so diltraining, be fold after after the space of four days from the time of making and taking 4 ljuch diltrefs, to fell the horse or horses, cattle, goods, or chattels, so distrained, rendering the owner or owners thereof the overplus, upon deoland, after satisfaCtion of the said toll, and the reasonable charges in and about making such diltrefs, keeping, and faJe, shall be fully paid and latisfied.

LXXXIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority Commission-aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful for the said commis- ers m?y er^ fioners, if they shall think proper, at any time or times, duringturnplkes* c* the continuance of this act, to cause to be ereCted any turnpike or turnpikes at or near all or any of the respective places aforementioned, for the purposes of collecting the several and respective tolls hereby made payable; and also cause to be ereCted or provided a toll-house at or near each turnpike, and, from time to time, to remove or alter the fame, as they the said commisioners shall think expedient; and the right and property of all Turnpikes, die turnpikes and tolhhouses to be, from time to time, ereCted &c* veiled in and prqvided by virtue of this act, and the right and property com^o^aity of the materials provided for building or repairing the fame, citizens, shall be, and are hereby, veiled in the mayor and commonalty and citizens, and they are hereby impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any a&ioa or actions in the name of the corporation, .

64

Anno octavo GfeofcGii Ilf. c. [176^

ration, and to prefer, or order the preferring of, tndi&ments a-! gainst any person or persons who shall injure the fame, or any part thereof, or disturb them in the possession thereof, or take orj retain, or hold possession thereof, after being required by order] of the commisioners to deliver up the fame.

Tolls may be LXXXV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted collected at and declared % That it shall and may be lawful for the several and alread^erect- receivers or collectors, and other persons to be ap-'

ed. pointed by virtue of this act, to receive and colleCt the several

tolls hereby made payable, and they are hereby authorized and impowered, for the purposes of this act, without the let, hin-, drance, or molestation, of any person or persons whatsoever, t<r make use of all or any of the gates, turnpikes, and toll-houses, already ereCted, or hereafter to be erected or continued, by virtue or any act or acts of parliament, at or near the several and respective places whereat any toll is hereby authorized to be taken, so as such respective receivers, collectors, or other persons, do in no wife hinder or interrupt the transaCting of any buflnefs or purpose for which such turnpikes and toll-houses were respectively ereCted or provided.

Tolls to be LXXXVI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, paid but once That no person or persons shall be liable to pay the said street-a day* toll more than once for passing or repaffmg at any time or times on the fame day as aforesaid, with the fame cattle and carriage ; but that all and every person and persons, after having paid such toll once as aforesaid, shall, during the remainder of such day, pass toll-free, with respect to the said street toll, with the fame cattle and carriages, through the gate or turnpike at which any such toll was paid, and also through all other gates and turnpikes whereat the said tolls are hereby made payable, upon producing a note or ticket denoting the payment of such toll; which notes or tickets the collectors of the said tolls are hereby required to gi ve. gratis on receipt of such tolls.

Commission- - LXXXVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said ers may lease, commisioners may, and they are hereby impowered, upon ten &c« the tolls* jays notice being given in the London , to lease or farm

byvthe year the tolls by this act granted, or any part or parts thereof, to any person or persons, at or for the largest yearly ^ fu ms. that can be got for the fame, provided that such lettings

or agreements be made in writing, and signed by the person or persons taking or farming any such tolls, and by the said commisioners letting the fame, and be not made for more than three years at a time, and that the money that shall be so agreed to be paid for the said tolls shall be made payable, and shall be paid to the chamberlain of ^he said city for the time being, by quarterly payments, and that the person or persons to whom the fame shall be so lett shall always pay one quarter's pay in advance : and if any letting or agreement for letting the said tolls, or any part or parts thereof, shall be made, and any default shall be made in paying the money agreed to be paid, contrary to the true meaning of this act $ then every such letting and agreement

shall

. Anno ofiava Gjsoroii III; Ci2 r. £5

/hall be void, and the person car perfens to whom the (hid tolls shall be lett shall be liable to account for tbs fame, and to have the fame levied and recovered upon and of him or them* in-the same manner as is by this a 6idirected for the accounting for the said tolls by the collectors thereof, and for the levying and recovering the fame upon and of them.

LXXXVIII. And it is hereby, further enacted by the autha- Commission-rity aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commisioners, at any time or times, by any writing orp writings under their hands and seals, to nominate and appoint such person or persons to be receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, of the said respective tolls, as they shall think fit; am) all persons by this act made liable to pay the said tolls, or any of them, are hereby required to pay the fame to such receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, as aforesaid ; and all such receivers and collectors shall respectively pay the fame into the office of the chamberlain of the said city, in like manner, and under the like regulations and restrictiotis, as are herein ber fore expressed, of and concerning the collecting and paying the rates and afieflinents aforesaid; and shall also upon oath, if office m to afe thereunto required by the said commisioners constitu(ed by this count upon ad, (which oath the said commisioners ate hereby authorized oath* and impowered to administer) from lime to time give unto the hid commisioners, or to such person or persons as they shall appoint for that purpose, a true, exaCt, and pcrfeCt account in writing, under their respective hands, of all monies which they, and every or any of them, shall to such time have received by virtue of this act; and if such receiver or collector shall not Officers refus-make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon oath, any £uch inSt0 ac-account, or to make payment as aforesaid; then, or in either COunt> of such cases, it shall he lawful to or for one or more justice or justices of the peace; and such justice or jqftices, upon com- justices to en-plaint to him or them made, is and are hereby authorized and quire into the required to make enquiry concerning such default, as well by default, coofeflion of the party, as by the testimony of any credible witness or witnefies, upon oath (which oath such justice or ju-dices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer, without fee or reward^; and if any such receiver or collector shall be convicted of aayor either or the offences aforesaid, such justice or justices (hah commit every such offender to the com- aBtj commit * raon gaol, without bail or main prize, until he shall give or make the offender, a true and perse<5t account and payment as aforeiaud, or until un{il payment he shall have compounded with the said commisioners copfti-tuted by this act, and shall have paid such composition ip such manner tas they shall appoint, which cpnaposition the said commisioners are hereby impowered to make; and the fcgl com- Commission-missioners shall and-iqay, out of the monies anting by the said ers to allow of. tolls, or otherwise, make such allowance unto their receivers and ficersfolarics, collectors, and aH other persons to be employed by orpnderthe said commisioners in the execution of this act, for their ewe Vot.XXVyj. F

v^

For farming the tolls.

Tolls may be afltgned for money borrowed.

Aftighments to be entered in a book**

66 ' Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 2 r; [ 1767;

-and pains in their respective offices, as the said commisioners shall think fit and reasonable.

- LXXXIX. And it is hereby further enabled. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the commisioners of any one of the said turnpikes for the time being, or for any three or more of the commisioners of each of the said turnpikes, at any of their pubdick meetings, to treat and agree with the commisioners constituted by this act, for the taking or farming any of the said tolls.

XC. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said commisioners may, and they are hereby impowered, to borrow and .take up at interest, any sum or sums of money upon,the credit of the tolls payable by virtue of this act, and to assign over the fame, or any part thereof, by any writing or writings under their hands and Teals, the charges of such assignments and con-veyarices to be paid out of such tolls respectively, to any person or persons who shall advance or lend their money thereon, as a security or securities for the several sums which shall be borrowed, and the interest thereof, as aforesaid: and copies of all such assignments and conveyances shall be entered in a book or bopks to be kept for that purpose by the clerk for the tjime being of the said commisioners; and all and every person and persons, to whom such assignments shall be made, are hereby impowered, from time to time, to assign and transfer their right and interest, by indorsement on the back of their securities, in like manner and form, as the securities for the monies borrowed on the rates and afleflinents to be made and fevied by virtue of this act, are before directed to be assigned and transferred ; and all such assignments and transfers shall be produced, notified, and entered, in like manner as is before described, with respect to the producing, notification, and entry, of the assignments and ,r*. transfers of the securities for such rates and aflfeflments ; and it

shall not be in the power of any person who shall have made « - any assignment or transfer of their securities, on the said toUs, to make void or discharge the fame, or any money due thereon ; and no person or persons advancing any sums of money on the .credit of.the said tolls, shall be intitled to any preference with All creditors respect to the priority of advancing any such sum or sums; but all persons, to whom any mortgages or assignments shall be made as aforesaid, shall be creditors in equal degree one with another, in proportion to the sums therein mentioned.

XCI. And it is hereby further enacted. That if any person or persons shall forcibly or wilfully go or pass with any horse, beast, or carriage, through any turnpike Whereat any toll is by the gates, &c. .virtue of this a§ to be paid, without paying such toll, or pro-*ducing a note or ticket as aforesaid, at such turnpike, or shall ‘knowingly or deflgnedly, assault, interrupt, or obstruct, any or * -either of the collectors or persons employed in the collecting or

receiving any or either of the said tolls, in the execution of his or giving or or tlfeir respective office*or offices; or shall forge* counterfeit, receiving or alter, or shall deliver to, or receive from, any other person or tKkcts»persons.

deemed equal in degree., “

"Penalty on forcibly pals-in'g through

v^

1767.]' Anno oSavo Georgii III. C. 21.' 67

persons, any note or ticket, with an intent to avoid the payment of to avoid pay-any or either of the said tolls, or any part thereof j every person, m*nt **** so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay thet0 8* sum of forty shillings, over and beftdes such damages and pu-ni(hments as they and every of them respectively shall be liable to by law; and it. shall and may be lawful to and for the said receivers or collectors, and for every of them, and all other persons required by them, to assist in that respect, to seize any horse or horses, cattle, or goods, belonging to, or in the possession, or under the care of, any person or persons so offending in the premisses, and to take such offenders before any justice of the peace, and before him to make complaint ot such offence or offences ; and such justice may and is hereby required to-enquire into'the fame, as well by examination of the party or parties, as by the testimbny of any credible witness or witnesses, upon oath (which oath such justice is hereby impowered.to ad* miniffer, without fee or reward) and, if the said justice shall fee ✓

cause, to conviCt the party or parties complained of in the pe- , nalty aforesaid 5 and for non-payment thereof, and of the tolls that shall be due (though the fame shall not be demanded) by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause the said horse or horses, cattle, or goods, to be sold for payment of the said tolls and penalties ; and the charges of seizing and keeping the fame, and of such sale, rendering the overplus (if any there shall be) to the owner or owners of the said horse or horses, cattle, or goods, or to the person or persons under whose care, or in whole possession, they respectively were so seized as aforesaid 5 and if no such seizure as aforesaid Can or shall be made, then the aforesaid ^penalty and tolls shall be levied and recovered by such means, and applied in such manner, as herein after mentioned: 1 and moreover, it shall and may be lawful for any of the col- Persons af-leCtors of the rates hereby granted, or other officer, to be ap- faulting, &c. pointed by virtue of this act, who shall be assaulted, obstructed, the or interrupted, in the execution of any of their respective offices, poicred to" and for every of them, and all other persons required by them take them be-to assist in that respect, to take such offender before any justice fore a justice of the peace, who is hereby required to inquire into the fame in the Peace* manner as above directed, and, if he shall fee cause, to conviCt the party or parties complained of in the penalty last mentioned,. to be levied and recovered as hereafter directed. %

XCIl. And it is hereby further enacted, That all the monies All monies to be raised by virtue of this act shall be, and the fame are here- raised by vir-by, vested in the said mayor and commonalty and citizens oftu® °^t.hls the said city, and shall be applied to the purposes of this act, ^ayo/and * and to and for no other ufenr pur pole whatsoever. commonalty

XCIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, and citizens. That the charges and expences of procuring and passing this Charges of act (hah be paid out of the first: monies which shall be raised by thisL virtoe thereof. : . -^°

XCIV. Provided also,and it is hereby further enacted by the Writings to authority aforesaid, That no nomination, contract, bond, war- be without

F rant, stamps*

r

6$ ' Annoofl^ GKOiaJiifiL c.sx. [*1767*

- rant, judgement, orother Writing whatsoevfer, Underthe hand

and Tea], or hands and seals, or only sighed by any commissioner or comtnifiioners constituted by this act, or any just ice or Indices of the peace, or exhibited before any of them, or under the hand and seal, or hands and seals, or only sighed by any other person or persons Whatsoever, relating to the execution of this act, shall be chargeable With any duty whatsoever. Penalties and XCV. And it is hereby further'enaCbed by the authority a-torfeitures foresaid. That all penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed how to be re- ^he manner of recovering and levying whereof is hot hereby applied.an otherwise particularly directed) shall be recovered and levied by distress and Tale ot she offender Y goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal, or hands and Teals, of any one or more just ice or justices of the peace of the city or place where the offence shall be committed, or the offender found 5 which warrant such justice or justices are hereby impowered and required to grant upon the confefiion of the party or parties. Of upon information of one or more credible wfrnefs or witnesses, upon oath, (which oath (bch justice or justices is and are hereby i hi powered to adtmnifter*) and the penalties and forfeiture* when recovered, after rendering the overplus (if any be) upon demand, to the party Or patties whose goods and chattels shall be so distrained and fold (the charges of such distress and' sale being ftrft dedu&ed) shall be paid to the chamberlain of the said city for the'time being, and‘be applied the one half to the informer, and the other half towards the pufpofes of this act ; and in case sufficient distress shall not be found, then it shall and may be lawful to and for any such justice or justices to commit such offender to any prifoh of the city or place within his or their jurifdwftion, without bail or mainprbse, for any fpaefe ■' ' of time not exceeding thirty days; nor less than ten days 5 and in cases where the penalties and forfeitures hereby infti&ed for any offence contrary to this a shall not exceed the fam of forty shillings, such offences shall be beard and determined by the commmionersin a fumnttry way.

Proceedings JfCVT And It Is hereby farther enacted, That no proceed-not n? !?r ^g to be bad touchlng the conviClion of any offender or of-want of form fbrtdcft sgailiift this act, or arily owter made, or otter matter or thing to be done'br transti<ftfeJ, in or relating to the execution of this act, shall be vacated or quafaed for warit of form $ arty law or ftatuie to the contrary ttofttfi*hftifflding.

XOVII. And it is hereby fartherYfcadted, That no action or salt shall be commenced agalnft any petfon or -persans for any thing donie in purttianfoe of this *6k until tWefety owe clear days notice shall be thereof given, in writing, to'she clerk for the time being of the com(nrfliontrs con famed by this ta<ft, or after fafficient satisfo&ion or tender 'thereof hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved, or after fixcalendartbonths tem after the f act committed for which such action or actions, salt Or fobs, than be so brougdt, aind*vetyfilch tethbught, said,

-and tried, in the cky orceuniy wKwe^he Audi

arise.

Limitation of act'ions.

v^

AftnPoftavaGsPRGil III. c.2j; "69

atffe, and net elsewhere; and that thedefendant or defendants In frch actions or (bits, and every of them, may plead the general General issue. jffije, and give this act and the special matter, in evidence, at any trial or trials which shall be had thereupon, and that the matter or things for which such action or actions, frit or fuit$, shall be lb brosight was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act: and if the said matter or thing shall appear to have been (b done, or if it shall appear that such action or frit was brought before twenty one dear days notice given as aforesaid, or that sufficient firtisfr&ion was made or tendjered as aforesaid, or if any such action or frit shall not be commenced within the time before for that purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other county or place than as aforesaid ; then the jury or juries shall find for the defendant or defendants therein: and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or actions, frit or suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a diicpntinuance of such action or actions, or if judgement shall , be given for the defendant or defendants therein ; then, and in either of the cases aforesaid, such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the Treye cofl8 fame, as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or 0

their costs, in any other cases by law.

XCVIU. And it is hereby further enacted and declared. That R#pcai8 acts immediately after the several authorities, powers, and provisionsv6 Geo. a. herein before given or granted, establifred, declared, and provided, shall commence and take effect respectively, for the purposes of paving, cleaning, and enlightening, the said city, and the liberties thereof, and the other purposes of this act, according to the tenor and true meaning thereof, the said act made in the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, for the better paving, cleaning, and enlightening, the city of , and the liberties thereof, and for preventing obstructions and annoyances within the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned, ex-t cept as aforesaid, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed and made void.

XC1X. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and en- n0 appoint-acted. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con- ment of of-ftrued to* extend, to make void the appointment of any officers ficers, or other already appointed by virtue of the said act hereby repealed 5 or thereto make void any other proceeding already had or commenced cited ad, &c. -by virtue of, and under the authority of the said act; or to pre- to be made vent the compleating of any such proceedings; but that the said vojd HJdcr commisioners constituted by this act shall and may carry intotbls ait' execution, and compleat all such proceedings commenced under the said act hereby repealed, in the like manner as if the fame bad been commenced under and by virtue of this act.

C. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared. Repeals acts That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed ** & *3Car* to extend, to revive so much of the said act made in the twenty * second and twenty third years of the reign of the late King Charles the Second, or of an act made in the second year of the * \y, & M* jieiga of their late majesties King William and .Queen Mary, as

jo .Annooftavo Georgii III. C.ii. \1j6jZ

relates to the paving and cleansing the streets in the said city of London, and to the preventing of nuisances and obstructions within the same; or so much of an act made in the tenth year so Geo. * of the rejgn* of his late majesty King George the Second, as relates to the paving the said streets ; or to revive the said act mate 17 Geo. a. in the seventeenth year of the reign of his latd majesty King George the Second, or any of the powers, provisions, clauses* and matters, therein respectively contained ; or to revive so much and 33 Geo.*, of an act made in the thirty third year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the Second, as relates to the repairing and relaying such pavement in the said city as shall be damaged by the breaking up of the fame to amend and relay any water pipes 5 but the fame shall remain, and they are hereby declared td be respectively repealed and made void.

Publick act. CL And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, a publick act, and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without (pedal-Jy pleading the same.

C AR XXII.

An act for the more eajy and effectual recovery of the penalties and forfeitures inflicted by the acts of parliament relating to the trade or revenues of the British colonies and plantations in America.

Preamble re- \ \JHERE AS by an act made in the fourth year of his present

citing ciaufes V V ftfojesty's reign, intitu An act for granting certain dti-

in aS+Geo^. ties in the British colonies and plantations in America; for continuing, amending, and making perpetual, an act passed in the (ixth year of the reign of his late majesty King the Second, inti-

tuled, An act for the better securing and encouraging the trade of his Majesty s sugar colonies in America 5 for applying the produce of such duties, and of the duties to arise by virtue of the said act, towards defraying the expences of defending, protedting, and fe-cuting, the said colonies and plantations ; for explaining an act made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for the encouragement of the Greenland tfWEaftland trades, and for the better securing the plantation trade; and for altering and difaliowing several drawbacks on exports from this kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clandestine conveyance of goods to and from the said colonies and plantations, and improving and securing the trade between the fame and Great Britain; was enacted and That all the

forfeitures and penalties inflicted by that or any other act or acts of parliament* relating to the trade and revenues of the British colonies or plantations in America, which be incurred shouldand might be prosecuted, sued foand in any court of or in any court of admiraltyin the said colonies or plantations where

such offence Should be^ committed* or in any court of vice-admiralty . which might or Should be appointed over all America 3 which court

Ufy.J Anno octavo Georgii lit c. 23.' *. 71

^ admiralty, *r vice-admiralty, were thereby authorized

required to proceed, hear, tfW determine the fame, at the

of the informer or profecutof: and whereas prosecutions and fails for recovery of forfeitures and penalties, in failed by any act or acts of parliament relating to the trade or revenues of the colonies or plantations, in one court only of vice-admiralty America,.

may, in many cases, by reason of the dijlance of the places where the cause of facb faits and prosecutions shall arise from the place where such court is or shall be established, be attended with great inconvenience i may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enact- . ed; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and * by the authority of the fame, That from and after the first day After 1 Sept, of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, all forfeitures and penalties inflicted by anyuad or acts of parlia- forfeto,res ment relating to the trade or revenues of the British colonies or relating to the plantations in America,may be prosecuted, sued for, and re-trade or reve-

covered, in any court of vice-admiralty appointed, or to be ap- Su-c-/?^tl!c pointed, and which shall have jurisdiction within the colony, ni”sor plan-plantation, or place, where the cause of such prosecution or fuittationsin A*-(hall have arisen. merica, may

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, he sued for That in all cases where any prosecution or suit shall b6 com- anycowt menced and determined for any penalty or forfeiture inflicted by of vice admi-any such act or acts of parliament, in any court of admiralty in ralty within the respective colony or plantation where the offence shall be she colony 5 committed, either party who shall think himself aggrieved by aggneveTby such determination may appeal from such determination, to any the determi-court of vice-admiralty appointed, or to be appointed, and which nation of such shall have jurisdiction within such colony, plantation, or place j court, may which court of vice-admiralty is hereby authorized and required aPPea1, to proceed, hear, and determine, all such suits, prosecutions, and appeals; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIII.

An act to repeal so much of an act made in the fourth year

of his present Majesty, as affects the islands of Guernsey

and Jerley, with respect to the leakage of wines imported into this kingdom from the said islands under certain -strictions and regulations , and for continuing an act made in the thirty third year of his late Majesty, for the better encouragement of the making of cloth in Great Britain.

WHEREAS by a clauft in an act of parliament made in the Preamble, re-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An citing clause act for granting to his Majesty a certain funi of money out ofin ad+Geo.j the sinking fund, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four , and for preventing, in certain cases,

. F 4 the

7fe. Anh6 6&avd Gi6k6ii III. <5. ft j. [1767.

ttte blitting of allowances in itfped of the leakage of wines imported into this kingdom; and for making forth duplicates'of exchequer hills, tickets, receipts,annuity orders* and other orders*; lott* burnt, or otherWild dfcftroyed j is

for the first day of May* one thoufdhd hundred four, n$

merchant shall be allowed twelve per centum, or hate any allowance . for leakage Upon any wine imported into this

wine be imported direfily from the country or place of the growth of the said wine, or the usual port or place of it's first shipping (except

as therein excepted:) And whereas it hath been found that great loft Prom and af- an& detriment hath accrued to the inhabitants of the ilands of Guern- j ter 15 May, fey and Jerfev, by reofon of such restriction; may it therefore j 1768, the re- please your Majesty, that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted lb to a*it ^ the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice affects the a°d consent of the lords spiritual and temporal* and cootmon*, islands of in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the Gutrafey and fame, That from ahd aftet the twenty fifth day of A4arch, oh# r^ard to the tb°ufand (even hundred and FixtV eight, the said elause* so far as leakage of the fame affects the islands of Jerftys with regard

wine*?re- to the allowance on leakage of wines imported from the said pealed; islands into this kingdom, mall be repealed, provided a II. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted by proper certi- the authority aforesaid, That no period or persona shall be inflate on oath, titled to any allowance on wines imported into {his kingdom to the'r^ia- ^rom t^e fa*A inlands, unless certificate, on oath, made before the t?om hens " magiftates of the royal courts, or any three of them, shall be mentioned, be produced before the collector, or other proper officer of the produced be- customs at the port where such wines shall be landed in Great ^erVfficeTat Britain,which oath is to be taken by the (hipper of the wines the port of fm- at the islands aforesaid, or either of them, certifying the name of portation in the vessel in which such wines are shipped, the name of the Great Britain, matter or commander thereof, and the number and quality of calks so shipped* with the marke thereon, and that such wines , have received :no mixture since their landing at the said islands*'

or either of them, except such mixture only as is usual-and necessary for clearing and forcing such wines, and that such wines have been imported into the said islands, or one of them, in Briti/hbottoms only, unless in time of actual war; and the said wines are, at the time of shipping at the islands aforesaid, or either of them, the property of subjects only.

Where wines Hi* Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no ihail be im- toines from such countries where Briti/h consuls reside, shall be ported into the Entitled to any allowance for leakage on wines imported into t^om coun* kw&dom from either of thq said islands, unless a certificate,

tries where under the hand and seal of the Briti/h consul residing in the court-Kritish consuls try where such wines shall be first shipped, shall.have been pro-are refidetit,^ duced at the time of the importation into the said islands, or ei-CerttobeCh d r^cr before the royal courts there, and tfhaill have been ?rom them? registered in the fame, testifying that such wines were shipped a-td produced ^or the said islands, or one df them, in Briti/h bottoms, uhfefs at the warts Ja tithe of aft dal war, and thatthefame are the property of

1

v^

*7^7-3 Anno octavo Gsokgii III. c. 24, 25.

a

tish fiibje&S only, specifying the name of the vessel in which filchin the ^id wines were shipped, and the name of the matter or commander ‘J-de-thereof, and also the quantity of such winesj which certificate, themuTthe indorsed by the magistrates of the royal courts, or any three of allowance for them, shall be transmitted to the colle<5lor, or other proper of- leakage, See. ketef the customs, at the port where such wines shall be landed in this kingdom.

IV. Provided always, ^That in case such wines shall be im- if such wines ported from the said islands, or either of them, into this king* be imported dom, in different parcels, the said certificate shall accompany thein different first parcel of such wines so imported; and with regard to the remainder of such quantities to be imported in any subsequent js to accom. parcel or parcels, the fame shall be certified by the (hipper of pany the first such Wines, upon oath made before the royal court of the island parcel; and * * from whence such wines shall be imported, testifying the fame J^beoerifie? to be part of the wine contained in the said certificate from the by theMpper. Briti/b consul, and declaring what quantities and parcels of the

lame have been shipped, in what vessels, and to what ports, with the quantity the said different parcels so shipped amount to.

V. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That A& 33 Geo.*, an act made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Ma-

jcftjr King George the Second, intitled, act to continue an act mie in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty §>ueeri Anne, ntitledj An act for the better encouragement of the making of frit doth in Great Britain, which was to continue in force until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further further con-continued, from the expiration thereof, to the twenty ninth tinued to *9 day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy four, ScP** *774*

and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

An act to permit the exportation of certain quantities of mak belonging te certain merchants in the county of Norfolk, and which were made for exportation between the fifteenth of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, and the passing the act of the last session for prohibiting the exportation of malt.

Preamble, reciting clauses in ad 6 Geo. 3. and 7 Geo. 3. and 8 Geo. 3. Merchants of Wells impowered to export to Holland 1100 quarters of long malt now lying in the King's ftorehoujes, on or before 1 June, 1768, which was declared and entered lor exportation on or before 16 Dec. 1766 $ the exporters giving security $ and the proprietors are thereupon discharged from all penalties in respect thereof.

An act for reducing the duties on foul salt to be used for manure; for altering the stamp duties on certain policies of dfftirance; for amending so much of an act made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, as relates to the allowance of the duT

titftf customs,and exemptingfrom the duties of excise such

CAP. XXIV.

CAP. XXV.

rum

74

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 25.* [1767*'

rum or spirits of the growth, or manufacture, of the British sugar plantations in America, as shall be exported from this kingdom; for better feturing the excise duties upon foreign liquors imported', for repealing a clause in an act made in the last session prohibiting

thefale of condemned tea for home for amending

such parts of two acts made in and seventh years

of the reign of his present Majesty, as relate to ting, in the warehouses belonging at

London, foreign wrought Jilks and velvets, and cambricks, and French lawns, upon the seizure thereof.

Preamble, TT7 H E R E A S all white salt, the or manufacture of the

V V kingdom of England, dominion of Wales,. or town of Ber-, wick upon Tweed, is,by f acts of charged and

chargeable with the payment of three Jbdlings and four pence a duty, at the rate of fifty six pounds weight to the bujhel, and no more, to be paid, or secured, to be paidby the makers or proprietors thereof, before the fame can be removed from the salt works where the fame is made: And whereas, in the manufacturing such white salt, considerable quantities offoulfait, called by the several names of grey or /crow salt, salt scale, sand scale, or cru are necessarily produced, which

cannot be applied to the curing of , nor can the fame be re-

moved from the [aid salt works, as the laws now ft and, without thes payment of the said duty of three and four pence a bujhel,

which is considerably more than the value thereof; and it is apprehended that the said foul salt may be a useful, manure and very beneficial in agriculture, in case the fame were charged and chargeable with only a small duty; may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament From 1 May, assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and 1768, all foul after the (irft day of May,one thousand seven hundred and six-works are ^ ^ e*ght, all grey or fcrow salt, salt scale, sand scale, and crust-chargeabte *nSs or other foul salt whatsoever, already produced, or here- ' with a duty of afte/ to be produced, at any of the' said salt works, shall be charge #d. per bushel ed and chargeable with the payment of a duty of four pence a “ty* bushel only, at the rate of fifty six pounds weight to the burtiel,

to be paid in ready money, without any allowance for discount on prompt payment, or allowance for waste of salt carried coast-wife, by the makers or proprietors thereof, before the fame shall s be removed from the salt works where the fame has been, or hereafter shall be, produced or made j which said duty shall he Duty to be un- under the care and direction of the commisioners for there-m^ffioners^nd ce*pt> management, and government, of the duties on salt, ap-officers for the pointed or to be appointed by his Majesty, and of the officers for salt duties,&c. the said duties on salt for the time being, in the same manner as the duties on salt now are managed, levied, collected, or receiv-

1767*] Anno octavo Georgif III. c. 2 75

ed; and shall be paid and applied id inch manner as the duties now payable on such foul salt are paid and applied.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Notice to be from and after the said first day of May, one thousand seven 10 hundred and hasty eight, no such foul salt shall be delivered by before the maker or proprietor from any salt work or works without Ty of any such notice first given to the officer appointed for that purpose; nor salt $ shall any carrier, or other person or persons whatsoever, remove, and entry to carry, or convey, any such foul salt without due entry of the bemadethere-fame, and payment of the duties hereby imposed thereon, or men^o/the without a warrant or permit for carrying the fame, under such dories? and** pains and penalties as are mentioned and contained in the acts permit ob-of parliament relating to salt, or any of them; to be levied, re- tained, covered, and distributed, by such ways and means, and in such manner and form, as the duties on salt were thereby appointed . to be levied, recovered, and distributed.

HI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, $0i4 penajt« That if any person or persons shall, after such foul salt has been on employing removed from any salt work or works, use, employ, or consume, the said (alt the fame for any other purposes whatsoever than for the manur- to anyf **£*** ing of land as aforesaid; he, (he, or they, for every offence, th^o^ma-(hall forfeit and pay the sum of sixty pounds; one third part nure. thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors; and the remainder thereof to such person or persons who shall inform or

sue for the fame; which said last-mentioned penalty and forfeiture shall be recovered and levied in such manner and form, and with such power of mitigation, as any fine, forfeiture, or penalty, is or may be recovered by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster; wherein no effoin, protection, or privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed. '

IV. And whereas by an act made in the session of , Recital of

intituled, An act for altering the stamp duties upon policies of *D - assurance; and for reducing the allowance to be made in respect dteSe th? of the prompt payment of the stamp duties on licences for retail- stamp duties ing beer, ale, and other exciseable liquors; and for explaining upon policies and amending several acts of parliament, relating to hackney of assurance* coaches, and chairs, after reciting that by an act made in the fifth year of his present Majestfs reign,, intit, An act for altering

the stamp duties upon admissions into corporations or companies, and for further securing and improving the stamp duties in Great Britain; it was, among other , ,That from

and after the fifth day of July, one thousand [even hundred and sixty five9 If the properties of more than one person in any or

both9 or of more than a particular number of persons in general part-nerjhip9 or of more than one body politic or , to a greater

amount in the whole than the sum of one hundred in any ship9

cargo, or both9 be ajfured on the fame policy, such policy Should be ,

and the premium paid thereoh remain the property of the ;

With a proviso that it Should and might be lawful to , or cause

H

{jOoq le

76 Anno octavo Geor$}i III. c, 34.

to be cftfured, the properties of number of per fens whatsoever* iu

any ship, cargo*or both, by one policy with five /lamps of

five shillings each 5 any thing therein contained, to the contrary mot* withstanding \ and after recitin of the said act, as be*

fore recited, had been found very inconvenient to merchants, traders* and others, refuting out of the and injurious to the -

. mercial dealings, thtretf; it was enabled (among other things) That

from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty /even* it Should and might he lawful to ajfure, or to be

ajfured, the properties of any number of persons ,in any

ship, cargo, or both, to the amount of any sum, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one thousand , by a policy with a stamp

. . of five shillings; and that it and might be lawful to affiite, or

cause to be ajfured, the properties of any number of persons ,

in any ship, cargo, or both, to the amount of any sum whatsoever, by one policy Jldmped with two stamps of five shillings each; and that every polity so stamped, Should be , valid, and effectual, to all in-

tents and purposes whatsoeverj any thing in the fold recited act of the fifth year of his prejent or any former act to the

contrary notwtihflanding \ with a proviso, that if any os ad* venture,dijtinft from the risque or adventure mentioned in the original policy, and upon which any further premium Should be given, Should be, by any writing or declaration not du ly stamped, added to any

originalpolicy,such additional aJJuranceshould be void, and the premium

paid thereon Should remain the property of the ajj'urer, audit wast hereby further enabled. That if any or persons Should be sued or pro-

fecutedunder and by virtue of the said act, for the ajfuring the properties of any number of persons whatsoever in any ship, cargo, or both* to a greater amount than the sum of one thousand pounds, by a policy stamped with 0 stamp of five shillings only \ then, and in such , the

pr oof as. to the amount or. value so ajfured Should lie on the person or persons that Should be so sued or prosecuted, and not on the person or persons who Should sue or profec: And whereas a doubt has art fen* whether the property of a Jingle person, to any amount, required more jSsT auSSi* \thanecftamp of five shillings: therefore, be it enabled by the au-

eves, whereby thority afore laid, That from and after the first day of May, one property to thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, all policies of afliirance the amount by which the property of one person, or of a particular number looo^fs'af n 0 perfon?, in one general partnership, or of one body politic or sured* are to corporate, in any ship, or cargo, or both, shall be allured to the have two 5 s. amount of more than one thousand pounds, shall be stamped stamps, See. with two five shilling (lamps; and that every such policy, which shall not be so stamped, shall be void, and the premium paid Persons faed thereon shall remain the property of the assurer. for afUiring V. And be it further declared and enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be sued or property, by a fecuted under and by virtue of this a<5l, for afTuring the property policy with a of one person, or of a particular number of persons in one gene-5 s. (lamps j$l partnerlhi p, or of one body politic or corporate, in any ship, or ony» .cargo, or both, to a greater amount than the sum of one thousand

are to prove pounds, by .a policy stamped with a (lamp of five shillings only; the amount and in such case, the proof as to the amount or value so

allured

v^

TfSyJ] Anno o£tev6 GeorgU Hi. c. a5,' \ sfrfured (bill lie on the person or person s that shall be so* feed or or»afne so prosecuted, and not on the person or persons who shall foe or affune<1* ptofecof e.

VI. Provided always, Thatifamyrifqoe or adventure distinct And any ad-from the risque or adventure mentioned in the original policy, ditional aland upon Which any further premium shall'be given, shall be,

by any writing or declaration not duly stamped, added to any cy^whenTthe such original policy, such additional anurance shall be void, and nfque is dif-she premium paid therfeoh shall remain the property of the af- hnft there-fitter. from,

VII. And whereas by an act made in the thirty third year of the premianT^1*

reign of his late majesty King George the An act given, is to be

for encouraging the exportation ofrum and spirits of the growth, duly stamped produce, and manufacture, of the British sugar plantations from aIfo* this kingdom ; and t>f British spirits made from m'elafles; it is. Recital of

f artwtgfiother things) enacted, That upon the exportation of rum or clauses in act

spirits of the growth, produce, and manufacture, of the British ? Geo-3-re-

plantations in America, from this kingdom as merchandize, then exportation shall he an allowance ofallthe duties ofcujlm payable upon ofrum and

tationffjutb rums or spirits, and that the freed and spirits of the

difitodrged from all duties of excise in such manner therein is di~ ®nt,(h rafted \but by the said act, it is further enacted and required. That p 81114 ons# all such rum or spirits so to be exported/hall be proof % spirits, and that

the fame shall be certified by the proper officers to be proof spirits, -fore the bonds given for femring and paying the duties of excise upon the importation of such mm or spirits caH 'be delivered up: And where* as great partOjthe rumor spirits of the growth, produce, andmanu*

failure, of the British sugar plantations, imported into this kingdom

for exportation as merchandize, are not proofspirits; by reason

thereof, Ond by the fend restriction in the before receited act, the pro* friftor of the said rumor spirits cannot, upon the exportation thereof, obtain the drawback of the customs, or be freed or discharged from the said duties of excise wherry the good end proposed by the said recited From *5 aft will be in great measure, if not totally, ffiuflrated ; be it there- March, 1768, fore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the f° the

twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and six- requires such ty eight, so much of the said recited act as requires such rum or rum or spirits spirits so to he exported to be proof spirits, and to he certified so (b to be expor-to be, shall be, and ra hereby repealed and made mril and void; ted , to be proof and that from thenceforth, upon exportation of rum or spirits bonified as of the growth, produce, and naroufacture, of the British sugar fUCh,is replantations, from this kingdom as merchandize, under-the rules, pealed; reftridkms, and regulations, by the said recited act established and upon the and referred to (and-not hereby repealed) there shall be an at- drawback is* lowance or drawback of all rite duties ot customs payable upon to be allowed the importation thereof, and such rum or spirits shall be freed of all the du-4ind discharged from ull duties of excise, though the fame shall bes payable not be proof Spirits; -any^thhtg in the said recited act to the ^rt”t\on,m" vcontfary notwithstanding. thereof.

VIII. And whereus bym &ft pqffiddn the thtrty first year oflhe _ .

'reignef his ltu^fif ^ Jbe.Sumdy An^d for <kufesiaaa

con-

t^

yi Anno octavo Geqrgu 1IL. c* 25. [1767.'

I* Geo. 3. re- continuing* certain laws therein mentioned relating to British j lating to the jail cloth, and to the duties payable on foreign sail cloth; and pay meat of to the .allowance upon the exportation of British made gunpow-tter duties on der 5 and to the encouragement of the trade of the sugar colo-foreign excise- nies in America; and to the landing of rum or spirits of the Bri-able liquors fijfj fUgjjr plantations before the duties of excise are paid there-

imported. on. an(j for regUiating the payment of the duties on foreign exciseable liquors j artd for the relief of Thomas with re-

' gard to the drawback on certain East India callicoes ; and for rendering more commodious the new passage leading from - ing Cross;it was enabled, amo other That from and after the fifth day of July, one thou seven hundred and fifty the

proprietor or proprietors,importer or of any kind of so-

reign liquors liable to the duties of within thirty days next after the mafier or purser for that voyage of or vessel wherein the

said foreign exciseable liquorsor any of be imported or

brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, have or ought to have

made a just and true entry or upon of the con- .

tents, and loadings of fuchship or vessel, in of the direction

of the statute made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles thesecond,intituled. An act for preventing frauds, and regulating abuses in his Majesty's customs, shall make due entry with the officer or collector appointed for the excise, in the port

or place where such foreign exciseable liquors shall bjt imported, of all such foreign exciseable liquors on board ship or vessel belonging to

such proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers; and shall then, or before, satisfy and pay the duties of excise due and payablefor and in respect of the said foreign exifeable liquors, and land the fame, on

pain to forfeit for every neglect or to make due entry or payment, or to land the same, according to the directions of this act, all such foreign exciseable liquors, with the casks and package wherein the fame shall be contained on board such ship or vessel belonging to such proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers, of the fame, so neglecting or refusing, which shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the exetje; and that all seizures to be made in pursuance of the said act be applied, ( thenecessary charges for the recovery thereof being first deducted) one moiety to and for the use his Majesty, his heirs, and successors , and the other moiety to the feizer or-prosecutor: And whereas fence the passing of the said act, it frequently happens that foreign liquors liable to the duties of excise are imported into this kingdom, and duly reported, but the proprietor or proprietors, importer or / importers, or the persons to whom consigned, under pretence that the

said foreign liquors are much under proof, or for other pretences, left or refu/e to make due entry or or to land the fame, ac-

cording to the directions of the said act, and the fame becomeforfeited : And whereas the said foreign liquors when condemned are fold dutyfree, whereby the value (ft the moiety of the said forfeiture, which by the said act is given to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, is much lefts than the duty that would have arisen had the fame foreign liquors been duly landed as thfy ought to have been \ whereby many persons are tempted to commit great frauds and abuses to the', prejudice *} ... ' his

Le

1767.] Anno octavo GEORQH III, c. *5: 79

his Majestfs revenue, of the fair traders: for remedy thereof be

. it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the From *5 twentyfifth day of March, one Jhoufand seven hundred and sixty eight, the respective commisioners of excise in England and quorsTabJe i Scotland shall, after condemnation, cause all such foreign liquors, the duties or liable to the duties of excise,*which shall be seized for neglect or excise, and refusal- to make due entry or payment, or landing the fame, ”eot

within the thirty days, according to the directions of the said a ^rvthereof, to be publickly sold to the bed bidder, at such places as the said &c. are, after respective commisioners shall think proper, for and towards condemnafi-satisfying the duties chargeable on imported foreign liquors 1 iable jto

to the duties of excise ; and the pverplus (if any be) to be.ap- farist*y^ plied to and for^the benefit of the officer seising the fame: and ing the duticsj in case the said foreign liquors, so to be sold as aforesaid, shall and the over-not be of value sufficient to satisfy, or shall barely satisfy, the P*us S° *? whole of the said duties of excise; then, and in such cases, the |ng defame?" officer making such seizure shall be rewarded in such manner as But where the the said respective commisioners shall think proper, such re- produce shall ward not exceeding two shillings per gallon, to be in lieu of all ,Hnohmorc£ or other allowances; any law, Statute, or provision, to the contrary Juljes^then* thereof in any wise notwithstanding, theofficeris to

IX. And whereas by an act made in the last of parliament, be otherwise intituled, An act for taking off the inland duty of one shilling per rewarded, pound, weight upon all black and finglo teas consumed in Great Recital of

Britain; and for granting a drawback upon the exportation teas to Ireland, and the British dominions in America, for a U- session, relat-mited time, upon such indemnification to be made in respecting to'the ex-thereof by the East India company, as is therein mentioned; for portation of permitting the exportation'of teas in smaller quantities than one condemned lot to Ireland, or the said dominions in ; and for pre- tcas*

venting teas seized and condemned from being consumed in Great Britain; it is, amongst other things, That all teas

which shall be seized and condemned for being illegally , or

for any other cause shall not be sold for consumption within this kingdom, but shall be exported to Ireland, or to the British colonies in America, under certain restrictions, in the said act mentioned: And whereas the consumption of such teas in this kingdom will greatly

duce the price and value thereof, and thereby discourage the officersof * the customs and excifefrom making seizures of such tea, andr£*ted the fame to condemnation, which will promote the act, as prohi-

ftnuggling of tea into this kingdom, and be very prejudicial to the bits the felling lie revenue and the fair trader: be it therefore enabled by the au- such seized thority aforesaid. That from and after the passing of this act, teas”for*11*

such part of the said recited act as prohibits the felling for con- home consumption within this kingdom such seized and condemned teas, ii»mptu>n,i$' shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be, repealed. repealed.

X. And whereas by an act of parliament made in the jixth Recital of

the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to prohibit the ,n importation, of foreign wrought silks and velvets, for a limited * * **

time; andior preventing unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the silk manufacture; it is, amongst other things,

enacted,

tep Anno oftaro Georgii III. £. * [1767;

matted Thatforthwith after the forty fitchforeign zvrougbt

silks or velvet) or other works made thereof) or as form after as -veniently may be, the fame shall be font , and one of the

and Geo. Kingswarehouses belonging to the ctifiom-house at London: And

relating to the whereas by another att made in the last fission of ,

fending up to An act to amend and enforce the acts of the eighteenth, twenty London all first, and thirty second years of the reign of his fate majesty King wrot? ujre**n George the feconj}, for the more effectual preventing the fraudu-filksor cam- *ent importation and wearing of cambricks and French lawns; it bricks, Ac. it) amongst other tbingSy enatte, That forthwith after of

any such cambricksor French or as soon after as

may be> the fame shall be fen , iny one of the Kings

warehouses ibelonging to the customhouse at London : And whereas the fending all such goods to London, immediately after , when

seized at an out-fort of this , is attended with great inconvenience to the officers making such as' as to the owners

and propietors of such goods y who live at remote difiances from London j for remedy whereof be it enacted by the authority afore-AW such raid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of , one fromand*af- thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, all such wrought silks ter 45 March, and velvets, and other works made thereof, and aH cambricks 1768, to re- and French lawns, which have been seized in Great , for

main in the any cause of forfeiture, shall and may remain in any custom-h°ufe vvardioufe where they are or were deposited; and all such sphere deposit- as shall be seized after the fa id twenty fifth day of March) shall be ed; carried to, and deposited in, the next custom-house, and shall

and such as remain there until the fame shall be legally condemned, unless shall be seized the commisioners of the customs for England or Scotland respec-aftfer the said tively shall judge it necessary and expedient to direct such goods carried^cTthe to removedfoonerfrom thence: and after such goodsihall be next custom- condemned in due course of law, it shall and may be lawful for house, and re- the said respective commisioners to cause such goods to be mark-main there till ed or stamped in such manner as they shall think proper, and unkftThe * ~brQUght to any of the King's warehouses belonging to the custpm-commission- . houses at London or Edinburgh respectively, to be there fold for ers shall direct exportation in the manner directed by the said aftsof parlia-ot her wife ? mer herein before recited respectively relating thereto; any

Stanation*n" herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

they are to be marked, and brought to the Kang warehouses at London or Edinburgh, and there fold for exportation.

XI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be commenced against.any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, ihe de-fendant ordefendants in any such action or suit, may plead the ge-General issue. rreral issue., and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done In pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the iury shall find fdr the defendant ordefendants: and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if judgment shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer againli the plaintiff, the,defendant or defendants

shall

.by i^

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 26.

shall recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other caies by law.

CAP. XXVI.

An act to enable his Majesty to, make , , and grants

of offices, lands, and hereditaments, parcel of the duchy of

Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, and for other purpojes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS his royal highness George prince of Wales now Preamble.

fiands seised of the duchy of Cornwall, and the poffiessions thereof: and whereas it is necessary to enable his Majesty to grant offices, and to make leases and grants, by copy of court , of lands and hereditaments, parcel of the said duchy, or thereunto annexed or

belonging, during the minority of his royal highness; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefect parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all leases and grants made, or to Leases, and be made, by letters patent or indentures, under the seal of grants of of-Greot Britain, or seal of the court of exchequer, or by copy of ,and?»

court roll according to the custom of the respective manors, within seven years next ensuing, of any offices, messuages, cording to the parks, lands, tenements, or hereditaments (other than honors, custom of the lord ships, or manors) parcel of the pofTessions of the said duchy respective ma-of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, shall be good and esse<5tual ne^t en-

in law, according to the puiport and contents of the fame suing,"being " copies, leases, and grants, against our sovereign lord the King, parcel of the his heirs, and successors, his royal highness prince of duchy of

JValeSy and against all and every other person or persons who ^declared6* shall, at any time hereafter, have, inherit, or enjoy, the said J^be^ood duchy, by force of any act of parliament, or by other limitation and valid, whatsoever.

II. Provided always, That every such lease or grant so made, Reftnftions or to be made, be not for more than one, two, or three lives,are or for one and thirty years, or under, or for some term of years determinable upon one, two, or three lives, and not above; and if such leases or grants be made in reversion or expectancy, Conditions that then the fame, together with the estates in pofTession, do with respect not exceed three lives, or the term of one and thirty years, orto the said some term of years determinable upon one, two, or three lives,,eare* oc and be not in any wise made difpunishable of waste; and so gran as, upon every such lease or grant, there be, or shall be, reserved the ancient or most usual relit or more, or such relit as hath been reserved, yielded, or paid, for the fame lands or hereditaments, for the greater part of twenty years next before the making of the said leases or grants; and where no such relit hath been reserved or payable, that then, upon every such lease, there be, or shall be, reserved a reasonable relit, not being under the twentieth part of the dear yearly value of the messuages, parks, lands, tithes, tenements, or hereditaments, con-Vol. XXVIII. G tained

^

82 Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 27.' [1767.

tamed in such lease or grant 5 and all leases and grants otherwise made, or to be made, shall be null and void.

All cove- HI. And be it further ordained and enabled by the authority

tion?' and re" a^ore^» That all covenants, conditions, reservations, and fervations, &c. other agreements, contained in every lease, grant, or copy of contained in court roll, made or to be made as aforesaid, mall be good and every such effectual in law, according to the words and contents of the if declar'd * fjme' as well for and again# them to whom the reversions of asgood and ^ame ^an^s5 tenements, and hereditaments, shall come, as

valid, * for and again# them to whom the interest of the said leases, as if the King grantsi°r.copies shall comerefpeltively,asif our sovereignlord the were seised or King's majesty, at the time of making such covenants, corv-the fee-Ample, ditions, and reservations, and other agreements, were seised of . an absolute estate in fee-simple in the fame lands, tenements, or hereditaments.

General re- IV. Saving always to all and every person and peifons, lervation of bodies politic and corporate, their heirs and successors, execu-ns 8* tors, administrators, and assigns, other than to our said fove-

reign lord the King, and his heirs, and successors, and the duke and dukes of Cornwall for the time being, and his and their heirs, and all and every other person and persons that shall hereafter have, inherit, or enjoy, the said dukedom of Cornwall, by force of any a It of parliament, or other limitation whatsoever; all such rights, titles, estates, customs, interests, tenures, claims, and demands whatsoever, of what nature, kind, or quality soever; of, in, to, or out of, the said offices, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any of them, as they, or any of them, had or ought to have had before the making of this act, to all intents and purposes, and in as large and ample manner and form as if this act had never been had or made; this act, or any thing herein contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for the further continuing several acts of parliament made for the encouragement of the whale ffhery carried oH by his Majestfs Subjects.

Preamble. WT H E R E A S divers acts of parliament have been made for the VV encouragement of his Majesty's subjects to carry on and improve the whale fishery, which,by the bounties given by the said , did greatly increase, to the advantage of the trade and navigation of these kingdoms: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament A6t 5 Geo. a. assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That an act made

which was jn tjle fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George

theSeral ^ the Second, intituled, An act for encouraging the Greenland subsequent fishery, which was to continue in force for nine years, from the atts of twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and thirty one * and which alt, by an act of parliament made in the 13 Geo. a. thirteenth year of his said late Majesty'$ reign, intituled, An act

1

iy6yj Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 2 7.83

for continuing the several laws therein merelating to the premiums upon the importation of maps* and /tfr,

pitchy and turpentine; to British made*fail and the duties payable on foreign fall doth j /a the Greenland, the whale

fishery; for granting a further bounty for all employed in the

whale fishery during the present war \ for exempting harpooners and

others employed in the Greenland fishery trade from being impressed\ and for giving further time for toe payment of duties omitted to be patiifor the indentures and contrasts of clerks and , was

continued unto the twenty fifth day of , one thousand

seven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament 5 and which ad, by an act of parliament made in the twenty second year of his laid late Majesty's 11 Geo. a* reign, intituled, An act for the further encouragement and enlargement of the whale fishery, and for continuing fitch laws as are therein mentioned relating thereto j and for the naturalization of such foreign protejiants as shall serve, for the time therein mentioned, on board fitch ships as shall be fitted out for the said fishery, was further continued unto the twenty fifth day of , one thousand

seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which ad, by an act of parliament made in the twenty eighth year of his said late % i Geo. a. Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for c, explaining, and

amending, doe several acts of parliament made for the further encouragement of the whale fishery carried on by his Majesty's j

and {o authorize the payment of the bounty to Thomas Hood and ethers, upon three ships fitted out for the said and loft in the

Greenland seas, was further continued unto the twenty fifth day oi December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament $ and which said several acts, by an act made in the fourth year an<l ♦ Geo. 3; of the r^ign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for continuing several acts of parliament made for the encouragement of the whale fishery carried on by his Majesty's subjects, were further con-

tinued unto the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand^

(even hundred and sixty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; shall be, and the fame are hereby further continued from the time in the said last-mention- is further coned ad limited, from the expiration thereof, unto the twenty tinued to fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, Dec. 1770. and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. The act of That an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his said late $ Geo. *. Majesty, imituled, A oa for the father encouragement whale fishery earned on by ms Majestys subjects, which was to be several fu^_ * in force during the continuance of the ad of the fifth year of sequent acts, his said late Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for encouraging the Greenland fishery, and which was, by the said act of the thirteenth year of his said late Majesty's reign, continued unto the said twenty fifth day of Dumber, one thousand seven hundred

G 2 and

{jOoq le

84

is further continued to »5 Dec. 1770.

The act of,

** Geo, a. ■** which was continued by several subsequent acts.

is further continued to *5 Dec. 1770.

The act of 4Geo. 3.

. Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 27; £*767

and. fifty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which act was, by the said act of the twenty second year of his said Majesty's reign, continued unto the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which act was, by the said act of the twenty eighth year of his said late Majesty's reign, further continued unto the twenty fifth day of Decembe, one thousand seven hun-

dred and sixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament 5 and which act was, by the said act of the fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, further continued unto the twenty fifth day of , one thousand

seven hundred and sixty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be and the fame is hereby further continued from the time in the said last-mentioned act limited for the expiration thereof, unto the twenty fifth day of December,one thousand seven hundred and seventy,

and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the said act of the twenty second year of his said Majesty's reign intituled, An act for the further encouragement and enlargement of the whale fishery, and for continuing such laws as are therein mentioned relating thereto j and for the naturalization of such foreign.protestants as shall serve^for the time therein ,

on board such ships as shall be fitted out for the said ; which

was to be in force from the twenty ninth day of , one

thousand seven hundred and forty nine, until the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven,

and from thence to the end of the then next session of #parliament 5 and which was, by the said act of the twenty eighth year of his said late Majesty's reign, continued unto the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which act was, by the said act made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, further continued unto the twenty fifth day of , one thousand seven

hundred and sixty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; shall be, and the fame is hereby, further continued, from the time in the said last-mentioned act limited for the expiration thereof, unto the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, and from

thence to*he end of the then next session of parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the said act of the fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for continuing several acts of parliament made for the encouragement of the whale fishery carried on by his Majestys subjects; which was to be in force froirf the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, until the twenty fifth day of one thousand seven

hundred and sixty seven, and from thence to the end of the

then

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 28, 29. 85

then next session of parliament; shall be, and the fame is here- is further con-by, further continued, from the time in the said last-mentioned tinued to act limited for the expiration thereof, unto the twenty fifth day *5 Dec* ,77°» of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, and

from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for licensing a playhouse within the city of Norwich.

WHEREAS in and by an act of parliament made in the tenth year of the reign of his late King George

the Second, to explain and amend so much of an act of the twelfth

year of the reign of f-pueen Ann, for punishing Jlurdy beggars, and vagrants, as relates to common players of -

ludes, it is provided, That no person or persons shall be by virtue of any letters patent from his Majesty, his heirs, fuccej/ors, or predecessors, or by the licence of the lord chamberlain of his Majesty's hou/hold for the time being, to represent, or , for hire, gain, or reward, any interlude, , opera,

farce, or other entertainment of the ft age, or any part or parts therein, in any part of Great Britain, except in the city of Westminster, and within the liberties thereof, and in such places where his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, in their royal persons re-

side, and during such residence only: and whereas it may be proper to impower the lord chamberlain of his hou/hold for the

time being, to grant his licence to persons to represent and perform plays and other entertainments of the stage within the city of Norwich ; may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it shall and may be lawful for the lord chamberlain of his Majesty's houlhold for the time being, and he is hereby authorized and impowered to grant his ^licence or licences, from time to time, to any person or persons to represent or perform for hire, gain, or reward, within the said city of Norwich, any such tragedies, plays, operas, or other performances of the stage only, or any part or parts therein, as have already been or shall hereafter be licensed by the chamberlain of his Majesty's houshold, at such times and seasons only as shall be expressed in such licence ; the said recited act of the tenth year of the reign of his Jate Majesty, or any thing therein contained, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for redeeming the remainder of the joint Jlpck of -nuities established by an act made in the third year of his present Majesty*s reign, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty several additional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom, and certain duties upon all

q 3 cyder

Preamble, reciting , claule in aft 10 Geo.».

Lord chamberlain impowered to grant his licence for the performing occasionally such plays within the city of Norwich, as have been, or shall be, duly licensed by the chamberlain.

v^

S6 Anna o£tavo Georgii III. c. 29. [ 1767/

cyder and perry *, and for raising the fam of three millions five hundred thousand pounds, by way of annuities and lotteries, to be charged on the said duties,

Most gracious Sovereign,

preamble WHEREAS inpurfuan act made in the third year reciting aft ▼ V of your Majesty's reig, , An act for granting to $ Gep. 3, his Majesty several additional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom, and certain duties upon all cyder and perry ; and for raising the sum of three millions five hundred thousand pounds, by way of annuities and Ibtteries, to be charged on the said duties ; the sum of three millions five hundred pounds was raiftd for the public service; which sum was to be deemed one capital and joint flock, and to be attended with annuities if ter the rate of four pounds per centum redeemable by parliament: and whereas one fourth part of the said capital and joint stock was . redeemed on the fifth day of January, one thousand hundred and sixty eight, in pursuance of an act made in thelafi session of went, whereby the said stock was reduced to the sum of two millions fisc hundred and twenty five thousand pounds: and whereas your Majesty*s mo/l dutiful and loyal Subjects, the commons of Great Britain, par-

liament assembled, have resolved, that one third part of the said capital stock which Should remain after the said fifth day of January, thousand seven hundred and eighty be redeemed arid paid off on

the fifth day of July followin5 and that part of the said capital stock as Should remain after the said fifth day of July, be redeemed and paid off" in manner following 5 that is to one half of such remaining part of the said capital flocks on the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty ; and the other half being the residue of such capital on the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine; and several public notices have been given of the said by

the speaker of the house of commons, pursuant to the orders of that house: therefore, your faithful commons, do raoft humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-Notices given thority of the fame, That such notices as aforesaid shall be, bytbespeak- and be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, good and fuf-deemingVhe ficient notice and notices, within the true intent and meaning of remainder of the said act, for the redemptions, at the times aforesaid of such the joint stock part of the said capital and joint stock as remained unredeem-°aec^ a^ter feid fifth day of one thousand seven hun-

the recited * ^rc(* an<* #xty and of t*ie annuities attending thereon,

of 3 Geo. and the fame shall be redeemable and redeemed accordingly.

3. as remained unredeemed on 5 Jan. 1768, deemed good and sufficient.

The following And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* films to be if- That out of all or any the aids or supplies granted in this fef* sued to the fion cf parliament (except any particular aid or supply which pan , out o j^th been, or shall bp in the fame feffioq specially and intirely

apprew

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. q. 29.

appropriated to any one particular use or purpose) there shall the supplies and may be issued and paid to the governor and company of gr*hted thi* the bank of England, on or before the times herein after limited, ©Vor before the following respective sums of moriey for the purposes herein 5 July, *768.^ after mentioned 5 that is to say, on or before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, the sum of 875,0001, eight hundred and seventy five thousand pounds, for redeeming on that day one third part of the said sum of two millions six hundred and twenty five thousand pounds, being the remainder, after the said fifth day of January,one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, of the said capital and joint (lock; and on or before the tenth day of Oftaber, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, a like sum of eight hundred and seventy five by 10 Oft. thousand pounds, for redeeming on the said tenth day of Oflo- 875»000 her, one other third part of the said sum of two millions six hundred and twenty five thousand pounds 5 and on or before the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, a like sum of eight hundred and seventy five thousand by 5 Jan. 1769, pounds, for redeeming on the said fifth day of the re- 875,000!.

maining part of the said capital and joint stock : which respec- The monCy five sums shall be applied by the said governor and company in jfTued to be " payment of the said three sums of eight hundred and seventy applied by the five thousand pounds each, for the redemption, and in furl batik in pay. satisfaction of the said respective parts of the said capital and ^^feveraf joint stock, on or before the respective days herein before sums. mentioned for redeeming and paying off the fame.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Money to be That on or before the said fifth day of J, one thousand seven a^uc hundred and sixty eight, the said tenth day of one thou-

sand seven hundred and sixty eight, and the said fifth day sinking fund, January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine re to the bank, spectively, there shall and may be issued and paid at the re- f^r ceipt of his Majesty's exchequer, to jrhe governor and company of the bank of England,out of the surplusles, excesses, tending such or overplus-monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund, such part of the sums of money, as shall be necessary for the discharge of the ^al^caP^a,» annuities attending such part of the said capital and joint stock, deemed as shall be redeemed on each of the said days, to every such

day respectively inclusive.; which sums shall be applied by the said governor and company in payment of such annuities accordingly, at the same time that the respective parts of the said capital and joint stock (b to be redeemed, shall be discharged and satisfied ; and that such annuities in respect of each part AntJ .^e of the said capital and joint stock, shall cease, determine, and ^ceafbfrora be extinguirtied, from the time of the redemption thereof re- the times of spectively; and that the payment of all the annuities which redeeming shall become due on the tenth day of one thousand them,

seven hundred and sixty eight, upon account of such part of £uch as the said capital and joint stock as shall remain, and shall not Jj„c°™oftUe then be redeemed and paid off, shall, together with the charges withthe of the management of all the said annuities, after the fifth day charges of

G 4 of management.

^

and the monies for these purposes are so be iftued by aq order of treasury.

to the bank by way of ijnprelt.

88 . Anno octavo Georgii III. 0*29. [1767-

are to be paid April*one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, be, and

outof.the the fame are hereby charged upon, and shall be payable and sinking fund, paid out of, the said fund commonly called The Sinking Fund* to the bank, to the said governor and company of the bank of ,

who shall apply the monies so issued, in payment of such part of the said annuities accordingly.

IV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies which are by this act authorized or appointed to be paid out of the said fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, shall and may, by order of the commisioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafu-todthP/t?ankCr rer ^or l*me be*n£» without any farther or other warrant to be had in that behalf, be issued and paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, to the said governor and company, out of the said fund, by way of imprest and upon account, after pay-. ing, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such sums of money as have been charged thereon by any act or acts made in any former session of parliament; but in preference to any sum or sums directed to be paid thereout by any ad of this session of parliament.

Annuities to V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-be paid up to rity aforesaid, That if all or any of the principal monies com-th? posing such respective parts of the said capital and joint dock,

the^articular hereby intended to be redeemed on the said fifth day of July9 redemption pne thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, the said tenth day thereof. of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, and the said fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, shall be paid and satisfied at the bank of ,

before the respective day appointed for any such redemption ; the said governor and company shall, in every such case, pay, and they are hereby impowered to pay, in respect of the principal monies so discharged, the full sum which the annuities attending the fame would have amounted unto, on the day herein before mentioned for the redemption of such part respectively 5 any thing herein, or in any other ad contained to the contrary hotwitjiftamjing.

SehC,k5er^ VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority incu^anydif- af°refaid, That the said governor and company, or any mem-abiltty in re- her thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of fpeft of this his or their doing apy matter or thing in pursuance of this ad#

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any matter or thing therein contained such person or persons shall and general issue. may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his gnd their defence; and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his qr their action, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him or them upon demurrer, or Other-Treble costs. wife; then, such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs * ' to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

*7*7-J

vAnno octavo Georgii III; c. jo.

CAP. XXX.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sura of money out of the fink* ing fund ; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned, for the Ibrvice of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this ieifion of parliament.

Preamble. 1,150,0001. granted out of the sinking fund, for the service of the current year; to be issued by the treasury accordingly. Treasury impowered toraife the said sum, or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the sinking funa ; and to strike tallies of loan, with orders for re-payment of the money so advanced * the interest thereof to be paid quarterly. Orders to be registered in course. No undue preference to be given in payment, nor fee to be taken j on forfeiture of treble damages, with full colts. Penalty of undue preference in point of registry or payment ; to be recovered in any of the courts of record at Westminster. No undue preference, which of the tallies or orders brought the fame day, are entered first j nor if subsequent orders are paid before others not brought in course, so as money be referred for the precedent orders. Power of alignment, and method of transferring of orders. If it shall be judged more adviseable, the treasury may raiie the said sum by ' exchequer bills, instead of loans. All advantages and penalties in the malt* act of this session, relating to loans or exchequer bills thereby authorized to be made forth, extended to this act. The said exchequer bills, interest, and charges, are to be paid out of the sinking fund. Bank authorized to lend the said sum, notwithstanding aft 5 & 6 Will. Mary. 400,000!. payable into the exchequer by the East India company, and produce of the duties on gum Senega and gum Arabic ; to be issued towards making good the said supply. 70,0001. out of such monies as shall be paid into the exchequer between xFeb. 1768, and 5 April, 1769, produce of the revenues relerved for the disposition of parliament, towards the charge of defending the colonies in America, to be applied accordingly. 106,3581. 17s. 8d. out of the several films, &c. herein particularized ; to be applied in making good the supply granted towards defray- , ing the extraordinary expences of the land forces, incurred, to 25 Dec. 1767. not provided for. Appropriation of the supplies. The monies arising by the malt tax, land tax, loans, lottery, Ealt India agreement, and other Turns remaining in the exchequer, &c. together with the several sums before granted and specified, and such sums as shall arise by sale of lands in the ceded ifiands ; viz. out of the aforesaid aids, 1,5x6,357!. nd. towards naval services herein specified. 159,3281.11 s. 6d. for charge of the office of ordnance) 68,9441. its. nd. to the said office, for services performed in 1766, not provided for. 1,296,1251. 13s. 2d. iq. towards the land forces, and other services in general) of which 606,2211. 12 s. 10 d. and seven eighth parts of 1 d. for guards and garrisons in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey j 326,9501. 4s. 9d. and seven eighth parts of 1 d. for guards and garrisons in the plantations, and Africa, Minorca, and Gibraltar, See. and provisions for the forces abroad ; 7,2261, 17s. xd. 2 q. to make good the difference of pay between the British and Irish establish-ment of troops in the Ifie of Man, Gibraltar, Minorca, and ceded islands) 12,237!- 78. 3d. for general and general staff officers j 132,4311, to the reduced officers of the land forces and marines; 1,7151. 13 s. to the two troops of horse guards, and regiment of horse reduced, and to the super-annuated gentlemen of the 4 troops of horse guards; 5,227!. 14s. for reduced officers, with the 10th company of battalions reduced) 1,5361. to the pensions of officers widows; 108,9491. 17 s. 6d. to the out-pensioners of Chtlfea hofpiral; 93,6291 6 s. 6 d extraordinary expences of the land forces, and other services incurred, and not provided for; i,8oo,odo 1. towards paying off exchequer bills issued pursuant to an act of the last session ; 10,500!. to make good to his Majesty the like sum issued pursuant to the address of the house of commons; 5,0001, for a passage to the house of commons; 3,8951. is. Hd. for supporting the civil eltablishment of Nova Scotia ; 3,986 b for the civil establishment of Georgia ; 4,750 b for she civil establishment of East Florida ; 4,400b for the civil establishment

* ' 1 of

Anno o£Uvt> Georgii II c. 31; [1767.

of West Florida; 9 0361.148. towards expence of general surveys in America ; 13,000!. for the forts and settlements in Africa, under direction of the African company; 5,5501. charges of the civil establishment of Senegambia; 99,000!. to the foundling hospital j and 2,0001. towards apprenticing children from thence*: but not more than 71, to be given with any one child; and both sums to be issued without fee. 2,0001. to the trusteesof the Britidi Museum. 53,4801.17 s. gd. 3 a. to replace to the fink, ingftmd the like sum issued thereout, to make good the deficiency of the fund for paying annuities established by act 31 Geo. 2. 59,3221.16 s. 10d. to re* place to the said fund the like him paid thereout, for deficiency in annuities on the act of 3 Geo. 3.88,4351. 198. 6d. 2 q. to replacegtothe sinking fund the annuities granted in respect of certain navy and victualling bills. See, unredeemed ; 6,750!. to replace to the sinking fund the like sum issued thereout, to discharge the annuities attending such part of the joint dock established by act 3 Geo. 3. as was redeemed in pursuance of an act of the last session. 392,4841. 4s. 5d. and threeeighthpartsof.1 d. to make good the deficiency of the grants for the last year. Theft aids to be applied to no other uses. Rules to be observed in the application of the half-pay. aft 7 Geo. 3. Rules to be observed in the application of the surplus of the several sums of 135,299!. 8 s. 4 d. appropriated in 1766, to the payment of reduced officers.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for raising a certain sum of money, by way of annuities, and a lottery attended with annuitjes, to be charged on the sinking fund 3 and for carrying certain duties on wines, and on cyder and perry, granted by two acts of the third and sixth years of the reign of his present Majesty, to the said fund.

Preamble. The sum of 1,900,0001. granted; to be raised, viz 1,300,0001. thereof by annuities, ana 6oo,oool. by a lottery. Natives or foreigners, who, in books opened at the bank, nave subscribed to the said sum of 1,900,0001. and deposited 15I. percent, of their subscription-money, are to pay the remainder as herein directed. 101. per cent, by 19 April, 1768$ 101. per cent, by 7 June ; 151, per cent, by 19 July ; 151. per cent, by *0 August; 151, per cent, by 21 October; and 201. per cent, by 95 Nov. Subscriptions to the lottery to be ipaid, viz. 251. per cent by 17 May $ 301. per cent, by 28 June ; and 401. per cent, by 8 Sept. Subscribers to the said sum of 1,300,0001. intitled to an annuity of 31, per cent. Interest to commence from 5 Jan. 1768. The 600,0001. to be raised by a lottery, to carry an interest of 3 L per cent, to commence from 5 Jan. 1769. Interest on both sums to be paid half-yearly, on 5 July, and 5 Jah. Subscribers paying the whole of their subscriptions towards the annuities on or before 17 October,. and to the lottery on or before 25 June, to be allowed interest, by way of discount for the fame. Tickets for the lottery to be delivered to subscribers compleating their subscriptions. Annuities made transferable. Receipts to be given for the money paid in towards the said sum of 1,300,0001. the fame are made transferable. Cafliier of the bank to give security for duly accounting for, and paying over the said monies into the exchequer. Treasury to apply the money to the services voted this session. Names of contributors to be entered in books to be provided by the accomptant general of the bank ; to be inspected gratis: Duplicate to be transmitted into the auditor's office of the exchequer. Contributors duly paying their contribution-monies, intitled to a proportionable share of the annuities; and the fame are to be tax-free; but where the sums subscribed shall not be duly paid, the depofir, &c. is forfeited to the publick. Credit to be given, in the books at the bank, to contributors compleating their payments to the said sum of 1,300,0001. Persons, to whose credit such sums shall be placed, may assign the fame j the said sums to carry 31. per cent, interest, and be deemed transferrable ltock. Annuities charged on the sinking fund. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery books. Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver them after to the cafhiera of the bank, taking a receipt for the fame. Cafhiers to return the books, with the remainder of the tickets. Tickets of the

middle

v^

*7^7*} Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 32.'

middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with silk; and cut off indent wife into a box marked with the Utter (A) Box to be locked up and sealed. Books to be prepared with % columns, on each of which 69,000 tickets to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets. 5001, to the first drawn ticket, and 10001. to the last drawn. Tickets of the outermost columns of the last-mentioned book to be rolled up and tied, and cut out indentwife, into a box marked with the letter (B) Box to be locked up and sealed. Publick notice to be given of times of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on 14. Nov. 1768. Method to be observed in drawing, S After each day's drawing, the boxes to be locked up and sealed. Numbers of the fortunate tickets, and the fume, to be printed. Disputes relating thereto to be adjusted by the managers. Penalty of forging tickets or certificates, felony. Managers to be sworn. Caftiier, on receiving the residue of the Turns subscribed, the bearers intitled to one lottery ticket for every 101. subscribed. Contributors not making good their payments with respect to the said lottery, within the times limited, to forfeit their deposits; and the tickets for such fume to be delivered back into the exchequer. Managers, See. to be paid by the commisioners of the treasury. Limitation of sale of chances, &c. Penalty. Persons felling shares in tickets'of which they are not pofiefied, forfeit 5001. Offences committed in Ireland againtt acts for preventing unlawful lotteries, declared to be punishable, and may be sued for in Dublin, After the drawing of the lottery, the tickets to be exchanged for certificates. Managers to give notice of the time for taking in the tickets, and delivering out the ceitificates, Sec. Books to be kept for entering persons names, and the number of their tickets, &c. Certificates to be ligned, Sec. Accomptant general to give credit for the principal Aims in the certificates. Alignments may be made of the said Turns, See. Certificates to be filed and cancelled, and notes to be given in lieu thereof. Bank to employ a chief clerk and accomptant general. Monies to bp issued out of the sinking fund, from time to time, to the said clerk, for payment of the annuities j who is to apply the fame accordingly, and render an account thereof. Accomptant general to inlpeft the receipts and payments, with the vouchers. Annuities deemed a personal estate, and to be added to the joint stock transferrable at the bank ; subject to redemption. Transfer books to be kept by the accomptant general. Method of transferring (lock. Annuities devifeable by will. Entry to be made of such clause in the will. Treasury to pay all incident charges attending the execution of this act $ and to make an allowance to the caftiier, and accomptant general; to be at the disposal of the governor and company of the bank. Bank to continue a corporation tiil these annuities be redeemed. Sec. No fee to be taken for receiving or paying the contribution-monies, annuities, Sec. on penalty of so 1. The monies arising by the duties upon wines and vinegar imported, granted by act 3 Geo. 3. and duties upon cyder and perry granted by act 6 Geo. 3. &c. are to be carried to the sinking fund, towards making good the annuities granted by the recited act of 3 Geo. 3. until redemption of the capital, Sec. Duties to be continued, notwithstanding such redemption. General issue, Treble costs.

CAP. XXXII.

An act for carrying into execution an agreement made between the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and the wardens and commonalty of the mystery of Mercers of the said city, and Stamp Brookfbank secretary to the commisioners of his Majestfs revenue of excise, for the purchase of Gresham College, and the ground and buildings thereunto belonging; and for vesting the fame unalienably in the crown for the purpose of erec-ing and building an excise office there; and for enabling the

Ufturers

9*

Preamble.

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 32. f 1767.

USurers of the said college to , notwithstanding any

reftfiSion contained in the will of Sir Thomas Grelham knight, deceased.

WHEREAS the house and buildings now made use of for the j managing and conducting the of his revenue \

of excise, situate in the Old Jewry, London, and called or known 1

by the name of The Excise Office, , for want room

for the officers and clerks, found very inefficient for

the well ordering and conducting the business of the said office, which business hath, of late years, been confederacy encreased: and whereas

the said house and buildings, as well from their as from

the number and nearness of the ancient houses which confine and round the fame, are greatly exposed to fire; and no place has been,

nor can be there found fefficient and proper to secure the records and

papers of the said office from fiuch accidents5 and as the lease of the said house and buildings will expire on the tenth day October, one thousand seven hundred and seventyit is necessary that feme more

safe, fit, and commodious place be to which the said office

may be removed: And whereas the , and

buildings, now called and known by the name refliam College, situate in the parish of Saint Helens, in Bishopsgate Street, and in Saint Peters the Poor, in the city of London, have, upon been deemed a proper and convenient place for the erecting and building an office for the managing, conducting, and carrying on, the buffi

nefs cf his Majesty s revenue of excise: and whereas upon confederation of the premisses, the commisioners of his revenue of ex-

cife did, by and with the consent, approbation, and direction, of the commisioners of his Majesty*s treasury, treat with the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city London, and the wardens and commonalty of the mystery of Mercers of the city of London, who are seised of the said college called Grelham College; and in pursuance of fetch treaty, articles of agreement bearing date the tenth day 0/* December, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fexty seven, have been mutually entered into by and between the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and the wardens and commonqltyof the mystery of Mercers of the city ^/"London, of the one part, and Stamp Brookfbank. secretary to

the commisioners of his Majesty's revenue of excise, of the other part, whereby the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and the wardens and commonalty of the mystery of Mercers of the city of London, for and in confederation of one yearly annuity of five hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, free and clear of all parliamentary and other taxes, payments, charges, and deductions whatsoever, to be-settled on the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and the wardens and commonalty of the mystery ^/“Mercers of the city ^London,ever, to commence from the feast day of Saint Michael, one thousand seven hundred and fexty eight, and to be iffiuing and payable out of his Majesty*s revenue artfeng from the duties of excise, as in the said agreement is mentioned, have consented and agreed to yield, and give i+p,

*' ' ' the

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 32. 93

the faidmejjiiage or tenement called Gresham College, herein after

more particularly mentioned, and defended, with all its rights, members, and appurtenances, to be settled unalienably in the for

the purpose of making, ere Sling, and establishing there, an office for the conducting and carrying on the business of his Majesty's revenue of excise, and to be called dr known by the name The Excise Office: and whereas the said agreement cannot be carried into full and compleat execution without the authority of parliament may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com* mons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fifth day of prom an(j March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, all that after *5March messuage or tenement called Gresham College, in the parish of «7*8> the , Saint Helens, in Bishopsgate Street, and in Saint peter*s the Poor, in the city of London,.and all the ground thereunto belonging ; College, and containing on the west front next Old Broad Street in length, the ground, from north to south, two hundred and five feet, little more or &c. thereunto less; and from the south end of the said front, pointing east- belonging j ward, extends ninety feet fix inches ; then turning to the north fifty five feet fix inches, then to the east eighty five feet three inches, then to the south five feet fix inches, then to the east nine feet, then to the south twenty one feet five inches, then to * the east twenty eight feet nine inches, then to the south twenty six feet two inches, then to the east twenty seven feet, then to the north twenty seven feet two inches; and from thence to Bishopsgate Street eastward in an irregular line eighty four feet nine inches 5 from thence to the north on the east side thereof next Bishopsgate Street is a gateway under one of the houses there of about ten feet wide from north to south, used as a coachway from Bishopsgate Street into the said college and premises; then on the north side of the said gateway from Bishopsgate Street pointing towards the west is thirty four feet four inches, then turning northward thirty feet eleven inches, then to the west forty five feet ten inches, then to the north seventy one feet fix inches, then to the west forty nine feet, then to the north fifteen feet eight inches, then to'the west twenty one feet seven inches, then to the north thirty six feet, and from thence to the west on the north side, which joins nearly at right angles to the west front in Old Broad Street, one hundred and eighty fix feet fix inches; and at the south end of the said west front next Old Broad Street, over a passage of five feet wide, or thereabouts, leading into Sun Yard, is a building belonging to the said college, which extends from west to east twenty three feet eight inches,

, together with all erections and buildings now ere<sted and built upon the said ground and premisses above described, or any part thereof, or that shall or may, at any time hereafter, be built and erected thereon, or any part thereof, with all the rights, with all rights members, privileges, immunities, exemptions, ways, paths, and P'ivileSes passages, waters, watercourses, easements, commodities, emolu- anden'ioyed

ments, therewith.

94 Anno octavo Georgii IIL c. 32; [1767.

are declared ments, advantages, and appurtenances what foe ver, to the said to be veiled messuage, tenement, and college, or any part thereof, belong-ilexed una- *nS and nfually held and enjoyed therewith, shall be, and be lienably to' deemed to be, and are hereby declared to be, veiled in and an-the crown 3 nexed to the imperial crown of this realm, and shall be and remain for ever unalienable from the same; and his Majesty, and his successors in the imperial crown of this realm, shall for ever have, hold, and enjoy, the fame, against the mayor and commonalty and dtizensof the city of , and the wardens and commonalty of the mystery of Merten of the city of , and all and every person and persons claiming or to claim by, from* or under them, or any of them, freed and dischargea of -and from all former estates, leases, or other incumbrances whatso-

ever, made or granted of the said premisses, or any part thereof, in full satis- II. And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That in full faction for satisfaction for the said college, ground, and premisses, (b vested fhaiTb* the.JT in and annexed to the crown as aforesaid, there shall be paid to out of tiJe^re- the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of ,

venue of the and the wardens and commonalty of the mystery of Mercers of excise office to the city of London, for ever, one yearly annuity of five hundred the city of pounds of lawful money of Great , free and clear of all

to°the°Mer^ parliamentary and other taxes, payments, charges, and deduc-cers company tiens whatsoever, payable quarterly on the four most usual feast an annuity of days, or days of payment, in the year, to commence from the 5h°r perann* day of Saint Michael, one thousand seven hundred and sixty

bfpiiTqiur- eight; the first quarterly payment to be made on the feast day tcrly 5 of the nativity of our blefied Lord, in the said year one thou-

and the first sand seven hundred and sixty eight, and to be issuing and pay-payment to abie out of the revenue of excite, and to be paid at the excise < Dec.ei768* °®cc *n London,from time to time.

*7 ' ‘ III. And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That on

the perSns° Payment of the said yearly annuity of five hundred pounds, or appointed by any part thereof, by the receiver general of his Majesty's duties the city and of excise for the time being, the receipt of the mayor and com-'Mercers com- monalty and citizens of the city of , and the wardens and

Sffcliaree to c°mmonalty of the mystery of Mercers of the city of London, ox the receiver of such person as they shall appoint to receive the lame, shall general of the be a discharge to such receiver general for the sum of money exduties of ex- pressed in such receipt, and the fame shall be allowed such re-payments. ce*vcr general on passing his accounts; and in case the said an-If f h * - nuity> or any Part thereof, shall be behind and unpaid by the menu are^not *Pace twenty one days next over or after any of the said reads, duly made, or days on which the fame shall become due and payable, after an action may having been lawfully demanded at the office aforesaid, it shall n 1 * and may be lawful to and for the mayor and commonalty and

citizens of the city of London, and the wardens and commonalty of the mystery of Mercers of the city of , to bring an action at law, in his Majesty's court of exchequer at Westminster, against the receiver general of his Majesty's duties of excite for the time being, to recover the money due; in which action no essoin, wager of law, or protection, shall be allowed 3 and in

7 case

be brought against such receiver general.

17^7*] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 3 95

case the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall recover in Such action, he or and fan costs they shall be intitled to full colts. allowed on re-

Iv. And whereas purftmt to the left will and test ament of Sir covcnn£*

Thomas Gresham of the city of London knight four

font have, from time to time, lien chosen, and , by the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, to reed lectures of divinity, astronomy, tnuftek, within

the said college; and also eight per fans have from time to time,

appointed by the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of London, to inhabit eight ahnfboufes standing within, or adjoining to9 and part of, the said college; and also three per fans from time to time9

(art chosen,nominated, and appointed, by the wardens and common* city of the mystery of Mercers of the city of London to read lectures m law, phyjtck, and rhetorick, within the said college; and such seven persons so chosen, nominated, and ,to read such lec-

tures have, by the directions of the said will, bad apartments within » the said college for the purpose of residing there and reading such lectures : and whereat the said several seven p so chosen,

end appointed, to read the said kQures, and the said,eight aims folks, the better to enable the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city ^London, and the wardens and commonalty of the mystery of Mercers of the city of London, to perform their part of„ the agreement entered into as aforesaid, have respectively agreed and to

rdinqsdjb and quit their apartments and ahnfboufes; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the mayor and commonalty 501. per anted citizens of the city of London do and shall pay, or cause to n“ra dear of he paid, unto the four persons who now read the said lectures in divinity, astronomy, musick, and geometry, and to their fuc- city to their ceflors who shall, from time to time, be chosen, nominated, Several leftur-and appointed, to read the said leCtures, and to each and every cr8» i? confi-of them, the yearly film of fifty pounds of lawful money of fhea^art-Greet Britain, free and clear of all parliamentary and other taxes, ^ents reUn-payments, charges, and deductions whatsoever, by even and quiflied by equal quarterly payments, in lieu and instead of their respective them in the apartments so by them agreed to be relinquished and given up, ^me to* and over and above the salaries and (Upends found, provided, be paidauar-and allowed, to them for reading the fame leCtures; and in like terly. ' manner that the wardens and commonalty of the mystery of and 501. per Mercers of the city of London do and shall pay, or cause to be annum by the paid, unto the three persons who now read the said leCtures in ^rC^tC^e™" law,* physick, and rhetorick, and to their successors who shall, fefturers, in from time to time, be chosen, nominated, and appointed, to lieu of their read the said leCtures, and to each and every of them the yearly apartments 2 fom of fifty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, free and clear of all parliamentary and other taxes, payments, charges, and deductions whatsoever, by even and equal quarterly payments, in lieu and instead of their respective apartments so by them agreed to be relinquished and given up, and over and above the salaries and (Upends found, provided, and allowed, to them for reading the fame lectures; the first quarterly payments the first quar-; of the said yearly sums respectively to be made on the feast day terly pay-..; of ments to be

v^

during his life.

gS Anno octavo Georgi i III. c. 3 2. [ 1767;

made on *5 of the nativity of our blefied Lord, in the said year one thousand Dec. 1768. seven hundred and sixty eight.

An additional V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That sum of 501. in consideration of the great age and infirmities of per annum to berton doctor of physick, the present reader in physick in the Mercers com- co^ege> an<* his l°ng residence therein, the said wardens panytodottor and commonalty of the mystery of Mercers of the city of Pemberton don shall, over and above the said yearly sum of fifty pounds by this act provided for the reader in physick for the time being, by like quarterly payments pay, or cause to be paid, unto the said Henry Pemberton, the further additional yearly sum of fifty pounds for and during the term of his natural life, free and clear of all taxes and deductions whatsoever.

The city, and VI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore/aid, Mercers com- That the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of pany, to pro- London, and the wardens and commonalty of the myfteiy of placesTfor^the Mercers of the city of London, do and shall, from time to time, p 0 - and at all times hereafter, find and provide sufficient and proper place or places for the present seven professors, and all succeeding persons to be chosen, nominated, and appointed, for the reading the lectures in divinity, astronomy, mu tick, geometry, law, physick, and rhetorick, to read the fame in accord-habitatiou'of ingly ; and also like sufficient and proper place and places* for the alms folks the habitation of the eight alms-foiks now or hereafter for the of the college, time being.

The city and VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Mercers com- That the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of pany are to London, and the wardens and commonalty of the mystery of * ceiver general Mercers of the city of London, do and shall, within the space of of the excise, one month from the passing of this act, pay, or cause to be paid, within a unto the receiver general of his Majesty's duties of excise, the month, 18001. sum of one thousand eight hundred pounds, for and towards the * “ * ~ expence of pulling down the said college and the building an

excise office there; and the receipt of such receiver general shall be a sufficient discharge for the fame.

VIII. And whereas it may be found for the more -

modious building the said office,r or for rendering the fame more venient and proper by any future buildings to be added , that a power be veiled in the commissioner of his Majesty's treasury for the purchafsng lands or tenements for those ; be it therefore en-

abled by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all bodies politic, corporate, or collegiate, and all

reading of lectures $

and for the

towards the charge of pulling down the college, and building an excise office.

Persons pof-

sessed, &c. of____________ _________ ______^________ ^

tenements as tru^ees> mortgagees, and feoffees in trust, guardians of infants, shall be found an<l committees of lunaticks, and ideots, executors, and admi-necessary for nistrators whatsoever; and all and every other person or persons rendering the whomsoever; who are or shall be seized, pofiefied, or interested mwecommo >n* any lan<h or tenements (landing, or being contiguous or Sous,Carehn- adjoining to, the said college, to bargain and fell the fame to powered to fell such person or persons as the commisioners of his Majesty's and convey treasury now being, or any three or more of them, or the high

the fame for treasurer, or the commisioners of his Majesty's treasury for the that purpoie j time

9 7

t767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 32.

time being, or any three or more of them, shall, by writing under his or their hands, appoint to contract for the purchase thereof, for the purpose aforesaid; and such lands or tenements so to be purchased, shall be conveyed to his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, by deed or deeds to be inrolled in his Majesty's court of King's Bench 5 and when so purchased, shall be, and be deem- and after coned to be, and are hereby declared to be, vetted and annexed to veyance and the imperial crown of this realm, and shall be and remain for iPr<jlm5ntf°* eyer unalienable from the same j and all contracts, agreements, the pre-and sales, and all conveyances by such deeds inrolled as afore- mi(fes are to" said, which shall be made by such bodies politic, corporate, or vest in the # collegiate, or other persons aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual crown unali-to all intents and purposes 5 any law, Statute, or usage, or any cnabJe* other matter or thing to the contrary notwithstanding: and all Money paid and every sum and sums of money which shall be paid to or for for the feme the use of such body politic, corporate, or collegiate, or other ?° be laid out person or persons aforesaid, for the purchase of any lands or te- chafesan^to nements for the purposes of this a<tt, shall be respectively laid be settled to out, and inverted in, the purchase of other lands, tenements, the&meufcs} and hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to and upon, and subject to, such titles, uses, trusts, limitations, remainders, and contingencies, as the lands and tenements fold for the purpose of this act were settled, limited, and allured, at the time of such sale, and shall be held and enjoyed accordingly ; and until such purchase-money shall be remvetted in lands and till that as aforesaid, the fame shall be laid out in the purchase of flocks can be done, in feme of the publick funds, or placed out on government or of^the

real securities, at interett; and such interett shall be paid to and public funds, for the use of such person or persons as would have been intitled to the rents and profits of the lands and tenements so fold for the purposes of this act, as aforesaid.

IX. Apd be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, All acts, &c. That when the excise office shall be built at Grejbam College a- done at the foresaid, and the said office shall be kept and held there, the exuclfc1f®ce». fame shall be called The Excise Office, and that all and every act GrdhanTcoL find acts, thing and things, matters and concerns, made, done, ie?e, deemed and executed there, for the receipt and management of his Ma- as^alid as if jetty's duties of excise, shall be and are hereby declared to be d°nc at the as good and valid in the law, to all intents and*purposes, as oi^jewry* such act or a<tts, matters, things, or concern's, would have been,

had the fame been made, done, and executed, at the said office of excise in the Old Jewry, had this a<tt never been made.

X. Saving always, to the King's moil excellent majesty, his Refervatioa heirs and successors, and all and every person and persons, bo- of rights, dies politic and corporate (other than and except the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of , and the wardens and commonalty of the mystery of Mercers of the city of

London, and all persons claiming by, from, and tinder them) all such estate, right, title, and interett, in, to, and out of, the said college, ground, and premisses, herein before mentioned, or Vol. XXVIII. H any

«

<9& Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33.' [1767,

any part thereof, as fully and amply, to all intents and purposes, as if this act had not been made.

XI. And whereas in and the said last will and of the

said $/> Thomas Gresham, mayor commonalty of the

city of London, and the wardens the my fiery of

Mercers of the city of London, were to permit and fujfer

the seven persons elided and appointed to read the seven in the

fold will mentioned, to have the occupation of all the manfton-house9 gardens, and other appurtenances, called Gresham College)

, for them, and every of themthere to , and daily to

read the said several lectures: and whereas in and by the said will it

is directed, that no person chosen to read any of the said lectures Should be fujfered to read any of the lectures after that he Should be

1 tied,nor Should receive any fee orJlipend appointed for the reading of

the said lectures: and whereas in pursuance of this the said college will be pulled down and taken , and the collegiate life of the said lecturers, intended by the said Sir Thomas Gresham, willy

by the pulling down of the said , be put an end to; be it en-The lecturers a<Sted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing authorized to Qf this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said seven S, l«aurers, or their successors, or any of them, to marry, not-afterwardg, withstanding; any restriction contained in the said will; and each potwithstand- and every of the said lecturers, and their successors, shall, not-ingany re- withstanding their being married, be suffered to read their said limitatkin^n ^cvera^ lectures after they shall be married, and shall be intitled Sir Thoma* to receive the fee or stipend appointed for the reading of their said Gresham'* several lectures; and the mayor, commonalty, and citizens, of will. the said city of London, and the wardens and commonalty of the

said mystery of Mercers, and their successors, shall not be or be deemed guilty of any misapplication of such sum or sums of money as shall be paid in fees or stipends to the said lecturers, though married; any restriction or limitation in the said will contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for opening certain passages, and for paving the fireets and other places, in the parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the county of Middlesex, and for preventing annoyances therein.

. 'TTTHEREA S the high fireets called Holywell Street Church

VV End, and part of Kingstand , leading from Norton Falgate, to the Cherry Tree in Kingfland , and a lane called Hog Lane, and also another lane called Holywell Lane, in the rish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the county of Middlesex, are extremely ill paved, and the passage through the fame greatly obfiru ft-

ed by pcfis and projections, ana annoyed by , and gutters, ana the present methods prescribed by law are ineffectual for removing such annoyances and obfiruftions, and for the proper paving of such Jireets and lanes, and keeping such pavements in Jufficient re-air ; may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted ;

z

93

i?6p] Anno cdtavo Georgii Ilf. c. 33.

acted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty> by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That Sir William Beauchamp Commission* ProRtir baronet, George Cooke esquire, Sir James , the ert namc#*

reverend John- HothamM. A. archdeacon, John Paterson,

Ham Tyfer, John Calvert, Benjamin Clempfon, Thomas Scott, muel Scotty Benjamin Cowley, Dirk Witter no on, Andrews man, Nahum Crojley, esquires 5 captain John , captain

Joseph Hindman, James Wood, John HaRobert

Simon Forjler, John Afpinal, Edward LRichard Rut fin,

William King George, Joseph Newfom, James , William

Wilson, John Caplin, Robert Parker, William , Joseph Po-eock, John Norris, William Goodman, John Mort, Samp/on Jejfop,

Thomas Chancellor, Arthur Deane, Matthew , George Farmer, John Pippin, Banks, Samuel Dunnage, Peter ,

John Marshall, Benjamin Mills, Samuel Ament, Edward Hutchin-son, James Clarke, Joseph Titter ton, William Collier, William

fel, William Pigge, Samuel Sewell, James Laird, John Simmonds,

John Horjley, Marne, Joseph Page, Edward Brown, John

Oldham, Thomas Cooper, Charles Morton, William Clarke, Peter Whitlock, William Fricker, gentlemen; John Withers, Richard Nicholas, Benjamin Rofewell, Henry Newcom, James Calvert, James

Calvert junior, Cadivallader Coker, esquires; William Benjamin Barnsley, Robert Ramley, Joshua Wilkinson, Andrew

ard, John Maxey, Michael Forjler, William John Ar-

thur, gentlemen; John Spiller, Thomas Boddington, George Adey,

John Barclay, Richard Wainwright, esquires 5 Louis , William Jourdain, Joseph Pickles, Tejdale Webb, and William Mafkati, gentlemen ; shall be, and they and their ftcceflors, to be elected m manner herein after-mentioned, are hereby appointed commisioners for putting this act in execution: and in case of the on death, to death of any of the said commisioners, or refusal to act, of commir-it shall be lawful for the forviving or remaining commisioners, fwners, others or any nine or more of them, from time to time, by writing utt-to der their hands and seals, to elect one; other person to be acom-sniflioner in the room and stead of the commissioner so dying, or refusing to act; ten days publick notice of the time and place of meeting for every such election being given, by affixing the fame in writing upon the principal door of the parish church of Saint Leonard Shoreditch; and every person so elected, shall be, and he is hereby vested with the fame powers for putting this act in execution, as the person, in whose place he shall be elected, was vested with.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person shall be capable of adding as a commissioner in the ex- fiojwr*. " ecurion of this act, unless he shall in his own right, or in the right of his wife, be in the actual possession or receipt of the rents of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the clear yearly value of forty pounds; or possessed of, or intitled to, srperfonal estate of the value of one thousand pounds: and if any per*

Ha ion.

v^

I0O

Penalty on acting if not qualified.

No viftualler to act under this act.

Time and

missioners

meeting.

In default of a sufficient

Anno oftavoGEORGII III. C^3gi [1767.

for), not being so qualified, shall presume to act as a commissioner in the execution of this act; every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, together with costs of .suit, to any person or persons who shall sue for the fame; to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record, by action of debt, or on the case, or by bill, suit, or information, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed, and wherein the proof of qualification shall lie on the person prosecuted 5 and it shall be suffi-,cient for the prosecutor to prove that the person so prosecuted had acted as a commi(fioner in the execution of this act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person who shall fell ale, wine, or any spirituous or fermented liquors, by retail, shall be capable of acting as a commissioner under this act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commisioners, or any five or more of them, shall

m' ,rtn#r* meet together at the vestry room of the said parish church of Saint Leonard Shoreditch^ .on the second Monday after the passing of this act, and shall then and there proceed to the execution of this act, and they are hereby impowered to adjourn themselves, from time to time, to meet at the same place : and if at any meeting so appointed, there shall not appear a sufficient number to acr, nijmber of commisioners to act or adjourn to another day; or in case the said commisioners so assembled, shall omit, neglect, or refuse to adjourn themselves, then, and in every such case, any two of the said commisioners, or the clerk to the said commisioners, shall appoint a meeting of the said commisioners to be held within ten days after at the same place; and publick notice whereof shall be given by affixing the fame in writing upon ihe principal door of the aforesaid parish church, at lead six days, before such adjourned meeting.

V. Provided always, That no order or determination of the said commisioners shall be valid, unless the fame shall be made at a meeting held in pursuance of this act; nor shall any commissioner hereby appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, as aforesaid, be capable of acting as such, during the time he shall enjoy any office of profit by virtue of the powers given by this act, or have any share or interest in any contract relating to the execution thereof."

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

nj officers the said commisioners, or any five or more of them, shall

0 * and may, by any writing under their hands and seals, appoint

one or more clerk or clerks, surveyor or surveyors, and such other 1 officers, for the execution of this act, as they shall think proper ;

and remove and, from time to time, remove him or them, and appoint

point*others?* °thers, as they shall find necessary or convenient; and by and out Commission- the money to be raised by virtue of this act may, and are here* by impowered to pay such salaries and allowances to such officers, and to all other persons by them the said commisioners employed in the execution of this act, as they shall think reasona-

ble;

Clerk to give notice ot another meeting.

No aft valid, except at a publick meet*

m

Commission* ers not to act where inter-efted.

Commission ers point

ers to allow officers fala* riei.

L^

t ?6y.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33.' 101

ble: and the said commisioners, or any five or more of them, officer* to shall and may take such security for the execution.of the respec- S*ve fecqrity* tive offices, by such person or persons as aforesaid, as the said commisioners, or any five or more of them, shall think pro- '

per: and such person or persons as is or are hereby made liable to pay the several tolls, rates, or sums of .money, hereby grantT ed, shall pay the fame to such person or persons as shall, from time to time, be appointed to collect or receive the fame as herein after-mentioned: and all such officers and persons so to be Officer* toac-appointed as aforesaid shall, under their hands, at such time and cou"t uP°n times, and in such manner, as the said commisioners, or any 0at“‘ five or more of them, shall direCt, deliver to such commisioners

true and perfect accounts in writing of all matters and things committed to their charge by virtue of this act; and also of all monies which shall have been by them respectively received by virtue and for the purposes of this act, and how much thereof has been paid and disbursed, and for what purposes, together with the proper vouchers for such payments ; and shall pay all such monies as (nail remain in their respective hands to the commisioners, or any five or moreof them, or to such person or persons as they shall appoint; and all the said officers and persons so accounting as aforesaid shall, upon oath, if thereunto required (which oath the said commisioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer) verify their said accounts: and if any Officers reofficer or person shall not make and render, or shall refuse to veT fusing to aerify upon oath, any such account, or to produce or deliver up count» the vouchers relating to the fame, or to make payment as aforer said'; or shall not deliver to the said commisioners, or any five * or more of them, or to such person or persons as they shall ^p-

point, within ten days after being thereunto required by any five or more of such commisioners, all books, papers, and writings, in his custody or power relating to the execution of this act; or shall refuse or neglect to pay such monies as, upon the balance of any account or accounts, shall appear to be in their respective hands, to the said commisioners, or any five or more of them, or as they shall dire# or appoint; then, and in any of the cases may he sued j aforesaid, such commisioners, or any five or more of them, may, and are hereby authorized and impowered, to bring, or cause to be brought, any action or actions in the names of such -

commisioners, or in the names of any three or more of them, against the officer or officers, person or persons, so negleCting^or refilling as aforesaid, in order for the recovery of the monies that shall be in the band? of such officer or officers, person or persons respectively; or if complaint shall be made by the said commis- or if com-(ioners, or any five or more of them, or. by such person or per- plaint be made fons as they shall appoint for that purpose, of any such refufalto iuftlccs> or neglect as aforesaid, to any justice of the peace for the county or place wherein such officer or officers, person or persons, so .

neglecting or refilling shall be and reside; such justice may, and justice* to en-!s hereby authorized and required, by a warrant or warrants un- quire into the der his hand and seal, to cause the officer or officers, person or dcftult»

H 3 persons.

JLOZ

and levy the balance by diftrefi and file.

for want of ditfrefs, offender to be committed.

Proviso.

On death of officers, executors, See. to account.

Officers taking rewards. See difqualifi-ed, and forfeit fool.

Anno c&avo Georgii III. c. 33.

periods, lb refuting or neglecting, to be brought before him $ and upon his or their appearing, or not being to bje found, to h?ar and determine the matter in a furtimary way : and if, upon the confession of the party or parties, of by the testimony of any credible withefs or witnesses upon oath, it shall appear to 'such justice, that any of the monies that shall have been collected Or raised by virtue of this act, shall be in the hands of such officer or officers, person or persons; such justice may, and he ia hereby authorized and required, upon the non-payment thereof, by warrant or warrants under his hand and seal, to cauCs such money to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such officer or officers, person or persons offending In the premisses respectively: and if no goods or chattels of such officer or officers, person or persons, can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy such money, and the charges of distraining and felling the fame; or in case it shall appear to such justice, by the confession of the party so offending, or by the testimony of any credible withers upon oath, that any books, papers, or ■writings, relating to the execution of this act, shall be in thfc custody or power of any such officer or person, and he shall re-Tufe to deliver the fame as aforesaid; then, and in either of the said cases, such justice shall commit every such offender to the common gaol of the county or place where such offender shall be and rehde; there to remain without bail or mainprize until he shall give and make a true and perfect account and payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said commisioners, or any five or more of them, and shall have paid such composition, in such manner as they shall appoint (which composition the said commisioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to make) and until he shall deliver up such books, papers, and writings as aforesaid, or give satisfaCti-on in respect thereof to the said commisioners, or any five or more of them.

VII. Provided, always, That no person who shall be committed on account of his having no goods or chattels, shall be j detained in prison for any term longer than six months.

VIII. And it is hereby further enabled, That upon the death of any such officer, or other person, to be appointed as aforesaid, his executors or administrators shall, within twenty days next after such decease, deliver to the said commisioners under this act, or any five or more of them, an account of the monies collected or received by the person so deceased for the purposes of this act; and shall also deliver all books, papers, and things, concerning his office to such person or persons as the said commisioners, or any five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the fame; which money, if any due, shall be paid by the executors or administrators of the person so deceased in preference to, and before any of, his or their other debts are paid or (atisfkd*

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person, who shall be employed by the said com* missioners as a clerk, surveyor, or any other officer or servant,

to

1

17)67*3 Anno oflavo Georgii III. c. 33?. 103

in the putting this act, or any of the powers thereof, in execution, shall exact, take, or accept, any fee or reward whatsoever, other that} such salaries, allowances, and rewards, as shall be appointed, allowed, and approved of by the said commisioners, or any five or more of them, for or on account of any thing done or to be. done by virtue of this act, or on any account whatsoever relative to the putting this act in execution; or shall . be any ways concerned in interest in any bargain or contract made or to be made by the said commisioners, or any of them, for the purposes of putting this act in execution 5 every such person, so offending, shall be incapable of ever serving dr being employed under this act, and shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds to any person or persons who shall sue for the fame, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, within six calendar months after the of-. fence committed, in which no effoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Streets to fee the said commi(fioners, or any five or more of them, shall havePaved*

full power and authority, from time to time, to cause, order, and direct, the said streets and lanes to be paved, repaired, raised* funk, or altered, when and in such manner as they shall think (it.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Materials may the said commisioners or any five or more of them, shall have be dug out of full power and authority to cause to be dug, carted, and carried carried into out of or into the said streets and lanes, such gravel, (tones, orthc streets* other materials, and to employ such artificers, workmen, and

other persons and to issue such money on those accounts, and to do all and every such other acts and things as the said commisioners, or any five or more of them, shall judge necessary for ac-complishing the purposes of this act.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commission-That the said commisioners, or any five or more of them, may,er8 may make and they are hereby impowered, from time to time, to contract contra“8* with any person or persons for paving and keeping in repair the

said streets and lanes above described, or any of them 5 which contract and contrafts shall specify the several works to be done, and the prices to be paid for the fame, and the time or times when the said works mail be completed, and the penalties to be suffered in case of non-performance thereof; and shall be signed by the said commisioners, or any five or more of them, and by . . '*

the person or persons contracting to perform such works; but previous to the making of any such contract, fourteen days notice .. , ?

shall be given in some publick news paper, expressing the intention or such contract, in order that any person or persons, willing to undertake the fame, may make proposals for that purpose to the said commisioners at a certain time and place in such " notice to be mentioned.

XIII. And be it further, enacted by the authority aforesaid. Property of . That the property of the pavements, and all materials and things mate"?'s . which shall be provided and made use of for the purports otehis »

* H 4 sft

le

104

Penalty on

interrupting

workmen.

ChmmifGon-ers may fell old materials, See.

Notice to be given of tak- * ing up pavements, , for

repairing any Vault, drain> Sec.

CommWHon-ers may contract with companies for relaying such pavements.

On refusal of payment, an action may be brought.

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 3 3. f 1767*

ad, shall be, and the fame are hereby vested in the said commisioners ; and they, or any five or more of them, are hereby, authorized and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any action or actions in the name or names of any one or more of them, or to prefer, or order and direct the preferring of, indict-ments against any person 01* persons who shall (leal, take, or carry away, any part of such materials or things, or jdiflurb them in the possession thereof.

XI v. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, ob-ftrud, hinder, or moled, any surveyor or surveyors, or other officer or officers, workmen, person or persons whatsoever, who is, are, or shall be, employed by virtue of this act in the performance or execution of their duty; every such person so offending shall, for the fird offence, forfeit the sum of twenty shillings, for the second offence the sum of forty shillings, and for the third and every other offence, the sum of three pounds.

XV. And it is hereby further.enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commisioners, or any five or more of them,' shall have full power and authority, from time to time, to sell and dispose of all or any part of the old pavement, or other materials, to such person or persons as shall be willing to purchase the famer and to apply the purchase-money to the purposes of this act.

XVI. And bo it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any part of the pavement of the said dreets or lanes shall be taken up for the purpose of making, repairing, altering, cleansing, of emptying, any fewer, vault, or drain* or of laying, altering, or amending, any water pipe or plug, or for any other purpose whatsoever, the person or persons so taking up such pavement shall immediately give notice thereof to the surveyor or clerk to the commisioners for putting this act in execution, in order that the fame may, with all convenient speed, be laid down and repaired, under the inspection of the said surveyor; and the charges and expences thereof shall be paid by the said commisioners, and they shall be reimbursed the fame by the person or persons, companies of water-works, or pommissioners of sewers, who shall take up, or cause or procure to be taken up, the said pavement, or any part or parts thereof.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said commisioners for putting this act in execution, or any five or more of then}, from time to time, to compound and agree with the said companies, or commisioners of sewers, or other person or persons respectively, for a certain sum of money,' by the foot or other measure, as the said commisioners for putting this act in execution, or any five or more of them, shall think reasonable, in lieu and instead of laying down or repairing such pavement as shall be necessarily taken up for any the purposes aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case such person or persons, companies of water-works, or commisioners of sewers respectively, (hallnegled or refuse to

i7^7-l A*1110 °&av0 Georgii III. c. 33.' 105

pay -what the said commisioners Should have so paid and dif* buried, or what shall be due upon such contract or composition as aforesaid, within ten days next after notice thereof to be left by the surveyor or clerk appointed, or to be appointed, by the said commisioners, at the dwelling-house or last place of abode of such person or persons, or of the secretary or secretaries, clerk or clerks, of such companies of water-works, or commisioners of sewers respectively (which notice shall be in writing, and signed by the clerk to the commisioners for putting this a# in execution, by order of the said commisioners, or any five or more of them, and annexed to the bill containing an account of the expence of such repair, or money due upon such composition) it shall and may be lawful to and for the said last-mentioned commisioners, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and impowered to bring, dr cause to be brought, any action or a#ions, in the name of their clerk for the time being, for the recovery of such sum or sums of money respectively: and in case such person or persons, hereby directed to give such notice to the surveyor or clerk to the commisioners for putting this a# in execution, as is before directed, shall ne-gle# so to do for the space of twenty four hours after such pavement shall be so taken up, such person or persons shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commission-That if, for the purposes of this a#, it shall at any time be ers to pay for found necessary to raise, fink, or otherwise alter, the position of altering pipes, any of the pipes or plugs laid down or placed by the said com-

I panies, or of any of the leaden or other pipes which shall be laid into or from any of the said companies pipes, which the said commisioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to cause to be done as often, and in such places, as they shall think proper, the fame shall be paid for out of the monies arising by virtue of this a#, and shall be done with as little detriment or inconvenience to the said companies, and other

1 persons, as the circumstances of the case will admit of.

XX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. Where any of

That when and so often as it shall happen that any pipe or pipes the water

belonging to any water companies shall break or burst in the companies said streets or lanes, or any of them, it shall and may be lawful Notice tobe to and for the surveyor to the said commisioners for the time given to such being, or such other person as the said commisioners, or any companies, five or more of them, shall appoint for that purpose, to give immediate notice thereof to the pavior of the water company to whom he apprehends such pipe or pipes does or do or may belong, &nd require him to take up the pavement, and open the ground at or near the place where the water shall or may.issue by reason of such pipe or pipes breaking or burning, within two days next after such notice given to such pavior, or left at his last or usual place of abode j and if, upon taking up the pavement, and opening the ground, it shall appear that the pipe or pipes so broke or burst do not or doth not belong to the water * ; . company

io6 Anno octavo Geoigii HI. c/33; £1767

company whofc pavior shall have taken tip such pavement anc opened loch ground; that then, and in such calc, the surveyoi or other person a* aforesaid shall give immediate notice to the pavior of that company to whom it shall appear that the said pipe or pipes do or doth belong, such notice to be given or left with such pavior, or at his lad or usual place of abode; and the pavior of the company to whom such pipe or pipes shall belong is hereby required to repair the fame, and fill in the ground, within two days after such notice given or left as aforesaid j and also within twenty four hours after such pipe shall be repaired, and the ground filled in, to give notice to the pavior or paviors contracting with the said commisioners, or to the surveyor or other person aforesaid, of such pipe or pipes being repaired, and such ground being filled in, such notice to be given to such con* company who trallor, surveyor, or other person, or left at his or their lad or first °yiththe P^ace abode: and in case it shall happen that the pavior are to be paid w^° receives notice to take up the pavement and open the their charges ground for the purposes aforesaid, shall take up such pavement bjr the com- and open such ground, and it shall then be discovered that the pipe Pa«y t?!Jhom or pipes which is, are, or shall be burdor broke do or doth not st oes belong, to t^c company to whom he is pavior; that then, and

in such case, the pavior of the company to whom such pipe or pipes do or doth belong shall make misfaltion to the pavior who so, took up such pavement and opened such ground for such work: and in case the pavior to whom such notice shall be so given to take up such pavement and open such ground, shall neglelt or refuse to do the fame within the said two days after , notice given, he shall, for the fird offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings, for the second offence the sum of forty shillings, and for the third and every other offence the sum of three pounds: and in case the pavior of the company to whom such pipe or pipes so broke or burd shall belong shall ne-gleH or refuse to repair and amend the fame, and fill in the ground so taken up, for the space of two days next after such notice given, or shall neglect to give notice to the pavior or paviors controlling with the said commisioners, or to the surveyor to the said commisioners, or to such other persons as aforesaid; i such pavior shall, for the fird offence, forfeit the sum of twenty shillings; for the second offence, the sum of forty shillings; and; for the third and every other offence, the sum of three pounds and if the person or persons controlling with the said commisioners to relay such pavements, so broken or taken up for the reasons aforesaid, shall neglell or refuse to relay such pavement, in a good, suficient, and effectual manner, within two days after such notice given to him as aforesaid, or if the surveyor or other person to whom such notice shall be given shall negleH to' acquaint the contrallor of such notice; then, and in eveiy such. case, the person or persons so offending shall, for the fird offence* forfeit the sum of twenty shillings; for the second offence, the sum of forty shillings; and for the third and every other offence, the sum of three pounds. - ■

XXI,

If it proves that the pipe does not belong to the

L^

1767.3 . Anno^fiavo Georgii III. c. 33* 107

XXL And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Pavior to That every pavior now appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, wat*r com-. by the said (Several water companies who shall have any pipe or pipes laid in, through, or under, any of the streets or lanes with- fUFveyor or in the district comprized in this act, shall, and he is hereby re- clerk, of their quired, within the space of eight days next after the passing this nj“"es 40(1 act, or within the space of three days next after he shall be ap- abode* pointed pavior to such company or companies, and withia the space of three days next after every removal of his abode, to give notice, in writing, to the surveyor or clerk for the time being to the said commisioners of his the said pavtor's name and place of abode, and to what company he is pavior: arid in case any such pavior shall neglect or refuse to give such notioe within the respective times aforesaid; every such pa-vior,vfo offending in either of the said cases, shall, for the first offence forfeit the sum of twenty shillings; for the second offence, the sum of forty shillings; and for the third and every other offence, the sum of three pounds.

XXIL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. No alteration That no person or persons shall make, or cause to be made, anyt0 b® made in alteration in the form of any of the pavements of the said (Ireets or lanes, or of any part thereof, without the consent and direc- with-tien of the said commisioners, or any live or more of them, un- out consent of der their hands and seals, upon pain of forfeiting, for every such Jh® commis-offence, the sum of five pounds over and above all expences in- “oner,‘ curred, or to be incurred, in reinstating the fame.

XXIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Course of That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commifiio- !®be ners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to direct ceifery!** and cause the courfp of any gutter or channel running in or

through the said fireets or lanes, or any of them, to be turned or altered in such manner as they shall think, proper; and to di-red the grates already placed, or hereafter to be placed, over any sewers, to be removed or replaced in such manner, and at such place and places, as they shall think most proper; all which shall, from time to time, be done at the expence of the said commif~ fioners, and paid for out of the money arising by virtue of this act; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Where it shall

That when and (o often as there shall be occasion to.make new beneceflary to or additional grates over any fewer or sewers within the said ^-ates^Tre-streets or lanes, or any of them, or to repair or alter any of the pair old ones, old grates belonging to the commi(fioner6 of sewers in the said commission-streets or lanes, or any of them, the fame shall be made new,ers of ^ repaired, or altered, by and at the expence of the said commis- e cx"

doners of sewers; and the fame, when so made new, repaired,

or altered, shall be laid down in such places, and at such di-dance from each other, and in such manner and form > as shall be directed by the surveyor to the commisioners for putting thik a &m execution, at the expence of the said commisioners of ftwei$; and in case the dud commisioners of sewers shall ner

the commisioners of sewers.

108 Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33. £17674'

gled or refuse so to do for the space of six days next after notice given or left with their clerk or g}erks for the time being; it Stall and may be lawful to and for the said commisioners appointed by this act, or any five or more of them, or their surveyor, to cause such grate or grates as shall be necessary to be made new, repaired, altered, and laid down, to be so made new, repaired, altered, and laid down; the expence whereof shall be reimbursed and paid by the said commisioners of sewers, or recovered of them in like manner as the charges and expences of relaying pavements is herein before authorized to be recovered. Sewers, &c. to A XV.And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, berepwredby That when and so often as any fewer or drain, which is or shall be under the direction of the commisioners of sewers, and which shall be situate in, or communicating with, the faidftreets or lanes, or any of them, shall require to be made new, repaired, altered, cleansed, or emptied; then, and in every such case, the said commisioners of sewers shall, within six days after notice given to, or left for, their fury'eyor or clerk for the time being, at his last or usual place of abode, bjr the said commisioners appointed to put this act in execution, or any five or more them, or by the surveyor or other person authorized by them, to make new, effectually repair, clean, or empty, such fewer or drain, as the case may require; and in default thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commisioners appointed by this act, or any five or more of them, or their surveyor for the time being, to cause such fewer or drain to be made new, repaired, or altered, cleansed, or emptied, as the case may require, or so much thereof as shall remain unfinished; the charges and expences whereof shall be paid by the commisioners for putting this act in execution, who shall be reimbursed the fame by the clerk or treasurer for the time being to the commisioners of sewers: and in case the said clerk or treasurer to the said commisioners of sewers shall neglect or refuse to pay vfhat shall have been so paid and disbursed, within ten days next after notice thereof shall be left at the dwelling-place or last place of abode of such clerk or treasurer; which notice shall be in writing and (igned by the clerk to the commisioners for put- ting this act in execution, and annexed to the bill containing an account of such charges and expences; it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said last-mentioned commisioners, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any action or actions in the name of their clerk for the time being, against such clerk or tjeafurer of the said commisioners of sewers for the time being, for the recovery of such sum or sums of money as they shall have so expended for the purppfes aforesaid; in which action or actions no efioin, protedidn pr wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons whatsoever shall throw, cast, or lay, or cause, or permit, or suffer, to be thrown, cast, or laid, any allies, dust, dirt, foil, or other filth whatsoever, before

any

Penalty on laying ashes, &c; in the streets.

* %

1767.] Anna octavo Georgii III. c. 33: 109

iny dwell! ng~house, (hop, (table, building, or wall, in any of the streets or lanes within the diftrilt comprized in this act; but shall keep, or cause the-fame to be kept in their respective houses or yards, until such time as the person or persons contracted with or employed to carry away such ashes, dust, dirt, filth, or foil, do come by or near their noufes, doors, or places where they dwell, with a cart or carts, or other conveniendes, for carrying away the fame; upon pain of forfeiting, for the first: offence, the (urn of five shillings 5 for the second offence, the sum of ten shillings; and for the third and every other offence, the sum of twenty shillings.

* XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty on That if any person or persons shall, from and after the said obstructing second Monday next after the passing of this act, set out, leave, *hc ftrc?ts>&c-or lay, any cart, dray, waggon, or other carriage, wheels, tim-1 ber, (tones, or other materials, matters, or things, which may * occasion any annoyance, nuisance, or obstruction whatsoever, in the said streets or lanes, or any of them, so as to obstruct, incommode, or endanger, any person or persons, carriage or carnages whatsoever, passing thereon; or if any cart, waggon, or other carriage, shall be suffered to (land in any of the said streets 01 lanes aforesaid longer than is needful and proper for . the necessary loading or unloading thereof respectively; or if any such cart, dray, or other carriage, shall be placed or fet across any part of the said streets or places within the said district, or any of them, for the purposes of loading or unloading the feme; it shall and may be lawful in any of such cases for the said commisioners, or any five or more of them, either at any meeting in pursuance of this act, or without any such meeting, to cause the said carts, waggons, or other carriages, together with the horse or horses, and loading and loadings, belonging thereto, and such other matters and things respectively making or occasioning such annoyance, nuisance, or obstruction, to be removed, taken, carried away, and deposited, in such place or places as the said commisioners, or any five or more of them,

shall direct or appoint; there to remain until the offender or offenders shall have paid and discharged all costs, charges, and expences, attending the carrying away and depositing the fame as aforesaid, as also a sum not exceeding forty shillings for each such offence.

XXVIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. Penalty on That if any person or persons shall run, drive, draw, or cause ^vring

to be run, driven, or drawn, on any part of the foot pavements on of the said streets or lanes, or either of them, any wheel or ments. Wheels, (ledge, wheel-barrow, or any carriage whatsoever, such person or persons shall forfeit, for the first offence, the sum of ten shillings; for the second offence, the sum of twenty shillings ; and for the third and every other offence, the sum of forty shillings.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Hords, &c.

authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any person or *?ay be made 0 person*for bunding

no

and repairing, irith, leave*

Foot pavements to be swept every day, except Sundays;

Names of Streets, to be fixed on the corner of the houses*

Signs, to be regulated.

Anno odavo Georg ii III. c. [1767 J

persons tt> erelt or fet up, or cauib to be erected or fet up, lit the said streets or lanes, any indofure, posts, bars, or rails, or other matters or things for the purpose of making mortar, and* depositing bricks, lime, or other materials, for building or re— pairing any houses* buildings, or other works; every such per-ion or persons first obtaining leave under the hand of the Surveyor or clerk for the time being to the said commisioners, for those purposes respectively, which he is hereby impowered to give by their permiftion. Signed by three or more of them: but if any person or persons mall erelt or fet up, or eause to be erelted and fet up, any such inclosures, polls, bars, or rails, or any other matter or thing, for the purposes afetrefaid, without such leave first had and obtained j every such person shall, for every such oSFence, forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding twenty Shillings for every hour such mclafure, matter or thing as aforesaid, shall remain and continue.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons inhabiting within die said streets and lanes shall, from and after the second Monday next after the passing of this act, Sweep and clean, or eause to be Swept and cleansed, the foot-paths before their respective houses, buildings, and walls, once in every day between the hours of fix and nine in the forenoon (Sundays excepted) upon pain of forfeiting five Shillings for every neglelt therein.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commisioners, or any five or more of them, may order and direlt the houses within the Said streets and lanes, or any of them, to be numbered with figures placed or painted on the doors thereof, or on such other part of the said houses respectively as they the said commisioners, or any five or more of them. shall think proper ; and may also order and direct to be engraved, painted, or otherwise described, on a conspicuous part of some house or other building at or near the end or corner of each street or lane within the said district comprized in this act respectively, the name by which Such ne-fpeHive street or lane so adjoining is ufoally or properly called or known: and if ahy person or persons shall wilfully or maliciously destroy, injure, obliterate, or deface, any such number, figure, name, or description, or any part thereof, or eause or procure the fame to be done, and shall be convilted thereof by his* or their own confeifion, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnefies, before one or more justice or justices of the peace alting in or for the county or {dace where such offence shall be committed; every such person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty Shillings*

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said second Monday next after the passing of this act, the said commiSlioners, or any five or more of them, shall eause all Signs, which then or at anytime after shall be placed or hung in any part of the Said streets or lanes, to be fixed or placed on the fronts of such houses relpeltively where-

unto

Ill

1767.] Anno octavo Gegrgii III. c. 33. unto the fame shall belong; and also shall and may cause all sign irons, pods, boards, spouts, gutters, pent-houses, or other things, occasioning any obstruction or annoyance in the said dreets or lanes, to be removed or altered, in such manner as the said commisioners, or any five or more of them, shall think most proper and convenient; and that for the future, all signs, boards, spouts, or gutters, shall be placed or fixed on the fronts of the houses, (hops, warehouses, or buildings, whereunto they respectively belong, as the said commisioners, or any five or more of them, mall direct, and not otherwise: and if any person or persons shall at any time hereader hang, place, ereCt, or build any sign, sign pod or iron, board, spout, or gutter, or cause the fame to be done, in any other manner than as aforesaid, or shall in any manner occasion any incroachment or annoyance in the said dreets or lanes; every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

AXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Signs, &c.un~ authority aforesaid, That it any, or any part of any, such sign, ««d>tobere* sign iron, or pod, board, gutter, spout, pent-house, or otherturnca* projection, shall remain unused after the alteration made thereto as before directed, the fame shall be returned to, and be the property of, the person to whom the fame belonged before such removal or alteration*

XXXIV. And whereas the said streets and , in some Steps, &c.

parts thereof greatly objirufied, and made dangerous to foot projecting too fengers, by Jieps being brought out from houfand , going ^ar» bc re*

down into cellars9 vaults, and other places, and by Jbew-gloJfeSy shew-moY '

boards9 and other matters or things project from Jhops or houses over and beyond the area belonging to such of into the foot-

ways 3 be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That

from and after the said second Monday after the passing of this act, all such deps projecting into the footways of the said dreets and lanes, and all deps and doors going down out of the footways into any cellars, vaults, or other places, belonging to any house,

(hop, warehouse, or tenement, as likewise all shew-glafies or shew-boards projecting over and beyond the areas or into the footways, and all and every other material, matter, or thing, belonging to any house, warehouse, shop, cellar, or other building, which do or shall cause or occasion any nuisance, annoyance, incroachment, or obdruCtion, in the said dreets and lanes, or any of them (either in the foot or carriage-way thereof) shall be, at the expence of the said commisioners, from time to time, removed, fixed, placed, or altered, in such manner and form, as shall be approved of by the said commisioners, or any five or more of them, or their surveyor, by their direction.

XXXV. Andy for defraying the marges and expenses attending the execution of the several powers by this act granted^ be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the AdAponal passing of this act, a rate or afleffinent (over and above all rates r

and aueffinents now payable) shall once in every year, or oftener, if it shall be thought needful by the said commisioners, or any

nine

112 Anno ottavo Georgii III. c. 33. [1767.

nine or more of them, be made, laid, and assessed, by the said commisioners, or anytime or more of them, upon all and every person and persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, or occupy, any land, house, (hop, warehouse, cellar, vault, or other tenement, within the said streets or lanes comprized in this act; which rate or assessment shall be made at or after the rate of nine pence in the pound, for every year, of the yearly relit or yearly value of such lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, or other tenements respectively.

Kates how to XXXVI. And it is hereby further enabled. That the said be collected, several rates so to be made or assessed under this act, shall be collected half-yearly by the clerk of the said commisioners for the time being, or such other person and persons as the said commisioners, or any five or more of them, shall appoint to Manner of collect the fame: and if any person or persons shall refuse, recovery. neglect, or omit, to pay the sum or sums of money at which

he, (he, or they, shall be so rated or assessed, for the space of ten days after personal demand made thereof, or demand in writing left at the place of abode or occupation of such person or persons ; then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said clerk, or other person or persons so to be appointed collector or collectors, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to levy the fame by distress and sale of thegoods and chatties of such person or persons so neglecting, refilling, or omitting to pay the fame: and in case no such goods or chatties can be found to be so distrained, or in case such goods and chatties shall be locked up or secured, or removed from the said clerk, or other collector or collectors, so that he or they cannot distrain the fame $ then, and in either of the said cases, upon information thereof given to any two justices of the peace for the said county or place, it shall and may be lawful for such justices, and they are hereby required to commit the person or persons so assessed, and refilling or neglecting to pay the said rates, to the common gaol for the county or place where such person or persons shall reside or shall be found, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding the space of one month, or until the payment of such rate or assessment, and reasonable Charges occasioned by the non-payment thereof.

XXXVII. And whereas many houses within the said streets and lanes are by the several owners and proprietors thereof let out in lodgings or tenements to divers , whereby it will be difficult to recover such rates and assessments when made; for remedy whereof. Where houses ^ ltfurther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall are let out in and may be lawful to and for the said commisioners, or any tenements, five or more of them, from time to time, and at all times when be a&flfetT to they meet to ma*ce a rate *n Pur^uance of this act, to rate and assess the owner or owners ot such houses or tenements as shall be let to or occupied by two or more tenants; which rate and assessment shall be paid by one or more of the tenants or occupiers of any part or parts of such houses; and in case any occupier or occqpiers of any part of such houses or tenements

shall

iy6y.J Anno octavo Georgii III.' c. 33. w*3:

shall refuse to pay the fame, then the said rate and assessment shall be levied by distress and sale of the goods of him, her, or them, so refilling to pay the fame: and such occupier or occupiers of fucK tenements respectively.is and are hereby required and authorized to pay such sum and sums of money as shall be 1 so rated or assessed on the owner or owners of such houses, in pursuance of this act, and to dedud the fame out of the relit thereof; and the owner or owners, proprietor of proprietors thereof, are hereby required to allow such deductions and payments upon the receipt of the residue of their relit; and every such tenant, paying such rate or rates, assessment or assessments,

shall be acquitted and discharged for so much'money as the* said rate or rates, assessment or assessments, shall amount unto, as if the fame had been actually paid to such person'or persons to whom his, her, or their relit Should have been or shall be due and payable.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Rates for

authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful for the said houses under

commisioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, '10

, ' . . ,J . 7. may be com-

to compound with the owner or owners, proprietor, or propne- pounded for.

tors, of any such houses, or any other houses within the said streets and lanes, the annual relit or value whereof shall be under ten pounds, for the rate by this act authorized to be laid upon such houses, so as in such composition there-be not remitted to any such owner or Owners, proprietor oi* proprietors respectively, more than one third of the rate by; this «d laid upon such houses respectively.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Where houses said. That in case it shall so happen that any of the- lands,

houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, or other tenements, ^ 1

or any part or parts thereof, within the said streets and lanes, or onjy charged any of them, shall, at anytime, from and after the making one half of of the said rate or rates, assessment or assessments, be empty, the rates; untenanted, or unoccupied ; that then, and in every such case, one half of the said rate or rates, assessment or assessments; or one half of such other rates as may be assessed by virtue of this act, shall be paid by the owners or proprietors of such lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, or other tenements; and the pre-and in case of non-payment thereof, such lands, houses, (hops, remain warehouses, vaults, cellars, or other tenements, shall be and- cunty* the fame are hereby made a security for, a§d chargeable with, such arrears.

. XXXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted. That it shall Dead walls, and may be lawful to and for the said commisioners, or any*nd voi<* live or more of them, and they are hereby required, at fuchmay times as the rate hereby directed shall be made, to rate all dead be rated. T walls and void spaces of ground adjoining to the said streets and lanes, at such rate as the said commisioners, or any five or v - * more of them, shall judge reasonable, for every yard running1 measure of such dead walls and void spaces of ground, not exceeding the rate of two shillings and six pence yard. Tenants and

XXXIX. Andy to the end the said rates may he more occupiers to

Vo L.XXVIII. I pay the rales.

1,14. Anno oCUvq Georgii IIL e. 33. [1767.:

coReQed and received, be it further enacted, That all and every tenant or tenants,, occupier or occupiers, of lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, wharfs, cellars, vaults, or other tenements, are and shall be liable to pay the whole of such rates, when no competition shall have been made as aforesaid, to the collector or collectors to be appointed as herein after directed.

Occupiers XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, quitting. That when any person or persons, who hath or have been ,Tthr°aUt«Pay“ rate<* an<* stteffed by virtue of this act, shall quit his, her, or ma/be^ol- t^ie^r dwelling-house, waxehouse, wharf, (hop, vault, cellar, or lowed. tenement, whereupon such rate or assessment has been made, before he, (he, or they, shall have paid the fame, and shall afterwards refute to pay the fame, when due and demanded by the per(bn or persons authorized and appointed to collect and receive the fame; that then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said collector or collectors, and every or any of them, by warrant under the hands and seals of any two or more justices of the peace acting in and for the said county or place (which warrant the said justices are hereby authorized and required to grant) to enter into any place within their respective jurisdictions, or out of the limits thereofj such warrant being first backed or countersigned by some magistrate in the county, city, or liberty, where the distress is to be made; and to distrain the goods and chatties of such person or persons so neglecting or refuting, and the fame to fell, rendering the overplus (if any such ti>alj be) upon demand, to the owner of such goods and chatties, after deducting the reasonable charges and expences of such distress and sale.

Agreement, XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the between land- authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall be nwt 'touchl ^€cmec^ or ta^en to make void any contract, covenant, or agreeing die pair- ment, between landlord and tenant, touching or concerning the ing, 4c. not paving, lighting, or cleanting, the said streets and lanes, or any vacated. part of them, or either of them; but that every person who is now, by virtue of any such contract or agreement, obliged to pave or keep in repair any part of the said streets or lanes, or any of them, shall, in lieu thereof, be obliged to pay the rates hereby directed to be made and atietied, or To much thereof a shall by the said commisioners, or any tive or more of them, be deemed just and reasonable, according to the true meaning of such contract, coyer^nt, or agreement, for and during such time as such contract, covenant, or agreement, shall remain in force: and in case any dispute shall arise concerning such contract, covenant,' or agreement, the said commisioners, or any five or more of them, shall have power, and they are hereby required Pavements to hear and finally determine the fame.

liable to be XLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, repaired by That where any part or parts of the pavements of the said* ^be1* (beetsor lanes bath or have been accustomed or ought to be paired at their Pavec* aPd repaired by any particular parish or parKhes, bodies «jy>«ncc by politick or corporate, and not by the owners or occupiers of the houses or other buildings adjoining to the pavement of the said

streets

v^

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33. 115

streets and lanes respectively, the fame shall be paved and re* the coramif-paired at the expence of the respe<5tive parish or parishes, bodies fioners pa-politick or corporate, by the pavior or paviors contracting with,V10rs* or employed by, the said commifGoners.

XLIII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful or the com* for the said commisioners, or any five or more of them, from missioners time to time, to compound and agree for the fame, with any d^idi parish or parities, or bodies politick or corporate, for a certain Jd^parishes. sum of money, by the foot or other measure, as the said coni-missioners, or any five or more of them, shall think reasonable.

XLIV. And whereas the money to be collected by said rate Trustees may

will not be sufficient for the purposes of this aft\ be it further eret a turn-enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commisioners Plk and take under this act, or any five or more of them, or such perfont0 * and persons as they shall nominate and appoint for that pur-pole, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and impowered to erect and fet up, or cause to be erected and fet up, a gate or turnpike, in, upon, and across, the said high street called Holywell Street, between the south side of Shoreditch Church, and the north side of the road leading to Bethnal Greeny and also to erect or provide a toll-house, in such manner as the said commisioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper; and to receive and take the sum of one halfpenny, before any horse, mare, gelding, or mule, whether drawing or not drawing, shall be permitted to pass through such gate or turnpike, which shall be demanded and taken as a toll or duty; and the money so to be received and collected, shall be veiled in the said commisioners for the purposes of this act.

XLV. Provided always, That no person having paid the said T°?sbt0 bec# toll, for any horse, mare, gelding, or mule, and producing »aday.Ut °nC* note or ticket denoting the payment thereof, (which note or ticket the collector of the said tolls is hereby required to give gratis upon receipt of the said tolls) shall be liable to pay the fame toil again, for the fame horse, mare, gelding, or mule, the fame day, to be computed from twelve of the clock at night to twelve of the clock in the succeeding night.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tolls may be That it shall and may be lawful to and for such person or per- Jf fons as the said commisioners, or any five or more of them, falc#

shall, from time to time, nominate and appoint to demand and take the said tolls hereby granted and made payable, to levy the fame upon any person or persons who shall, after demand made thereof, neglect or refute to pay the fame, by distress of any horse, mare, gelding, or mule, upon which such tolls are by this act imposed, or by distress of any other of the goods or chatties of such person or persons who ought to pay the fame, and to detain and keep the said cattle, goods, or chatties, until such tolls, with the reasonable charges of distraining and keeping the fame, shall be paid; and it shall and may be lawful to Diftref8 mar and for such person and persons (o distraining, after the space of be ^ five days next after such distress so taken, to fell the horse, mare, 5 days.

12 gelding.

le

xi6 Anno octavo Georgii II. C.33. £1757;

gelding, or mule, or goods, so distrained, returning the overplus (if any) upon demand, to the owner thereof, after such tolls, and the reasonable charges of such distress and sale, shall be dedu&ed.

Penalty on XLVII. And be it further enabled by the authority afore-

evading the said, That if any person shall forcibly or wilfully evade the pay-to^5* ment of the toll by this act granted, by riding or driving any

horse, mare, gelding, or mule, through the said gate or turnpike,'without paying such toll 5, such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings, to be recovered, levied, and applied, as any penalty or forfeiture is by this act directed to be recovered, levied, ana applied. Commission- XLVIII. And whereas there are certain ways or called

% Tacross New *nn ^ar<*» John's Court, Cadi's Alley, Dirty

Lw Inn Lane, all leading into Holywell Street , by passing through

Yard, King which y the payment of the toll hereby granted may be , and John's Court, the purposes of this act fruf rated; be it therefore further enacted ^c^Dk* ^* ky authority aforesaid, That the said commisioners, or any a y five or more of them, shall have full power and authority to ered any gate or gates in or across any or all the said passages or places called New Inn Tardy King John's Courty Cash's , and , Dirty Laney in such manner as they shall think proper, so as to prevent any horse from passing through the fame. ff XLIX. Provided always, That a passage shall be left open f^beK8 ^or Perf°ns on foot *n each the fa^ ways or passages; and each side, See. also that the inhabitants of each of the said places shall have permission to pass, from time to time, through such gate as shall , be erected in the yard, court, alley, lane, or place, in which, they shall respectively reside, with their cattle and carriages, “ without paying any thing for passing through the fame.

L. And whereas the money to be colie sted and received by virtue of this act will be insufficient for the speedy carrying the several purposes hereby intended into execution ; be it further enabled by the For borrow- authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for jpg money. 1 any person or persons to contribute, advance, and pay, into the hands of the said commisioners, or any nine or more of them, for the uses and purposes in this a dmentioned, any sum or sums of money not exceeding in the whole the sum of fourteen thousand pounds, for the ablolute purchase of one or more annuity or annuities, to be paid and payable during the full term of the natural life of such contributor respectively, or the natural life of such other person or persons as shall be nominated by or on the behalf of .such contributor or contributors, respectively, at.the time of payment of his, her, or their respective contribution-money, so as the said annuity or annuities do not exceed the rate of nine pounds by the hundred, and so in proportion for any greater or less sum to be paid as aforesaid, and so as the said annuities to be purchased in pursuance of this act, do not at any one time exceed in the whole the sum of one thousand two hundred and sixty pounds.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the an-

nuity

L.00Q le

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii IIJ. c. 33. 117

nuity or annuities so to be purchased under and by virtue of this Annuities act, shall be and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid charged upon and payable, from time to time, out of the monies arising by t,lc rates, the tolls, rates, and assessments aforesaid ; and all and every the contributor and contributors, upon the credit of this act, duly paying the consideration or purchase-money at the rate aforesaid, for any such annuity or annuities as aforesaid, or his, her, or their respective executors, administrators, or assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be intitled by virtue of this adfc to have, receive, and enjoy, the respective annuity or annuities so to be purchased out of the said tolls, rates, or assessments, by this a<Sl appointed for the payment thereof as aforesaid, during the term of the natural life of the person to be nominated by each such purchaser or contributor as before-mentioned; and and deemed that all and every such purchaser and purchasers, and their ^defeasible executors, administrators, or assigns, shall have good, sure, abrC ates* solute, and indefeaflble estates and interests in the annuity or annuities so by him, her, or them respectively to be purchased-, according to the tenor and true meaning of this a<$t; and thatnot charge-none of the said annuities shall now or hereafter be subjedf or f^nd tax*1* liable to the tax charged or to be charged upon land by author rity of parliament; and that every contributor upon this act for the purchase of any such annuity or annuities as aforesaid, his, her, or their assigns, qpon payment of the consideration or , purchase-money, shall have a receipt or receipts for the fame, and also an order oh parchment (which may be made without any (lamp) for payment of the said annuity or annuities, for and during the natural life of the person who shall be io nomi*-nated as aforesaid, by quarterly payments; which order shall Receipts and be signed by the said commisioners, or any nine or more octo be them ; and after signing thereof, the fame shall be firm, valid, signed, &c. and of good effect in the law, according to the true purport and meaning of this act.

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Annuities lawful to and for any purchaser or purchasers of any such an- may be af-nuity or annuities as aforesaid, and his, her, or their executors, signed« administrators, or assigns, at any time or times, by writing or writings under his, her, or their hand or hands, to assign such annuity or annuities, or any part thereof, or interest thereon, to any person or persons whatsoever, and so toties quoties 5 and a memorandum or entry of all such orders and assignments shall beomade in the book to be kept as hereafter mentioned, at the charge of the said commisioners 5 for which entry or memorandum, two shillings and six pence shall be paid, and no more; and no such afiignment shall be deemed valid, unless such m?-

morandum or entry shall be first made as aforesaid. % ,

LI1I. Provided always, That as such annuitant or annuitants As annuitants shall die off, and such rates or affeflments can be lowered and die, the rates reduced, and some part of the said tolls can be taken off, thet0 bc lowered, fame shall be so done from time to time, in such manner and proportions as the justices of the peace for the said county of

I 3 ,

n8 ' Anno oltavo Georgii III. c. 33. [1767*

Middkfex, at their general or quarter feiTion assembled, shall order and direlh

Proviso. LIV. Provided always, That until the said turnpike so to be

erelted shall be taken away, and the passage of the said high street laid open and freed from toll, the said rates and assessments shall not be reduced to less than six pence in the pound.

Monies raised LV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, vetted in com- That all monies raised or collelted by virtue, or by means, or loners. UQ(jer the authority, of this ail, shall be, and the fame are hereby veiled in the said commisioners, and shall be applied for the purposes of this act, and to or for no other use or purpose whatsoever.

Charges of LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the to be^ \?w authoritY aforesaid. That the charges and expences of procuring ; pai * and passing this act, shall be paid out of the first monies which shall be raised by virtue of this act.

LVII. And whereas the entrance into the said street called Holy-well Street, through Holywell Lane, is greatly ohftru£ted by a , at the north east corner, which so far into the fold high street

called Holywell Street, as frequently to cause carriages to be -turned: and whereas the street or lane called Hog Lane, which is another avenue into the said high , is very narrow and incommodious ^ occaftoned by two h and projecting into the said lane on the north side thereof whiff houses and yard are now in the occupation of John Latham, John Williams, and George Spencer: and whereas the passage of the said high street is greatly obfiruCted by a certain house belonging to the prebend Hoxton -cinCt, and let or leased to Richard Rose, a , standing upon

a small detached piece of ground at the north east corner of the said high street, near the church: and whereas the said entrance of the road from Kingfland, into the said high street called Holywell Street, is very narrow and dangerous; and it would be greatly for the benefit of the publick, if the houses from the corner Of the high street, on the north east side, as far as a certain house known by the sign of The Cherry Tree, were taken , rebuilt further back 5 and also that the other houses and , before described in

the said high Jlreet and Hog Lane, were removed so far back as to render the several passages safe and commodious; be it further Houses necef- enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commisioners, falT to *?e or any nine or more of them, shall have full power and au-

may be pur- shorty 40 ***** and agree with the owners and occupiers of, chafed by the and all other persons interested in, such of the said houses commisioners* and premisses as the said commisioners, or any nine or more of them, shall think necessary to be purchased for opening the , said streets and passages, and to purchase and become possessed

of the fame; and upon payment of such sum or sums of money as shall be agreed upon for such purchases, to cause such houses and buildings, or so much thereof as shall be necessary, to be pulled down, and such grounds, or so much thereof as shall be necessary, to be laid into the said streets, ways, ^nd passages, for the widening and improving the same, and

19

v^

1767.] Anno octavo GEofcGii III. c. 33. 119

to pay thi purchase-money, and all expences attending such purchases, out of any monies arising by virtue of this act.

LVIII. And be it further ena<ftea by the authority aforesaid, Commission-That it shall and may be lawful to and for all bodies politick, tratt'forThe corporate, or collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie, trustees, £je of Unda. and feoffees in trust, guardians, and committees for lunaticks and ideots, executors, administrators, and guardians whatsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their heirs, and fuc-ceflors, but also for and on behalf of their ceftuique trulls,

Whether infants or issue unborn, lunaticks, ideots, femes-covert, or other persons whatsoever, and to and for all femes-covert who are or shall be seised in their own right, and to and for all and every person and persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised or possessed of, or interested in, any of the said lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to sell and convey all or any of the said lands, «

tenements, or hereditaments, festates, and interests, or any part thereof, to the said commisioners, or any nine or more of them 5 and that all contracts, agreements, bargains. Tales, and conveyances, which shall be made by such persons as aforesaid, shall be good and valid in law to all intents and purposes, not only to convey the estate and interest of the person and persons conveying, but also to convey all right, title, interest, use, property, claim, and demand whatsoever, of their several and respective ceftuique trails, whether infants or issue unborn, lunaticks, ideots, femes-covert, or other persons whomsoever, and all claiming, or to claim, by, from, or under them; any law, statute, usage, or any other matter or thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: and all such persons so conveying as aforesaid shall be, and are hereby, indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this act, notwithstanding any omission or mistake of matter of form whatsoever: and if it mall happen that any person or persons, bodies politick, cor- Persons refuse porate, or collegiate, or other person or persons seised or pof- to treat» sessed of, or interested in, any such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as aforesaid, shall refuse to treat or agree for the sale and conveyance of their respe£live estates and interests therein, with the said commisioners, or with any person or persons authorized by them, or shall not produce and evince a clear title to the premisses they are in possession of, or to the interest they claim, to the satisfaction of the said commisioners, of of the

berfoti or persons so authorized by them; then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said com- Comroiflion-inissioners, and they are hereby authorized and impowered to ers to issue a issue a warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, directed to the sheriff of the county of Middlesex, who is hereby authorized, to sum-

directed, and required accordingly to impanel, summon. and nion a jury, return, a competent number of substantial and disinterested persons, qualified to serve on juries, not less than forty eight, nor inore than seventy two; and out of such persons so impanelled, summoned, and returned, a jury of twelve men shall be drawn

I4 *>y .a,Gw.

directs.

ri2o Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33, [1767.

by some. person to be by the said commisioners appointed, such manner as juries for trial of iiffues joined in his Majesty*s cqurts at frijltninfterj by an acct made in the third year of the , reign of King George the Second, intituled. aft better

regulation of Juries, ‘are directed to be drawn ; which persons so

to be impanelled, summoned, and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the said commisioners, or any five' or more of them, at such time and place as iij such warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, shall be directed .

Jurors may be and appointed 5 and all parties concerned shall and may have challenged, their lawful" challenges against any of the said jurymen, but Witneffesmay not at liberty to challenge the array j and the said

be examined* commisioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby autho-upon oath, rized and impowered, by precept or precepts, from time to ^c' time, as occasion shall require, to call before them all and every

person and persons whomsoever, who shall be thought proper or necessary to be examined as a witness or witi\effes before them, on their oath or oaths, touching and concerning the premisses; and the said commisioners, or any five or more of them, if they think fit, shall and may likewise authorize the said jury to view the place or places in question, in such manner as they shall direct; and the . said commisioners, or any five qr more of them, shall have power to adjourn such meeting, from day to day, as occasion shall require, and to com^ mand such jury, witneffeS, and parties, to attend, until all fuel^ jury to assess affairs for whidi they were summoned shall be concluded ; and the damages, the.said jury, upon their oaths (which oaths, as also the oaths to such person or persons as shall be called upon to give evidence, the said commisioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer) shall enquire of and assess the value of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments,

~ . and of the proportioriable value of the respective estates and in-

Cominiflion- terefts claimed therein, or in any part thereof 5 and the said finaMifdle- commisioners,'or any five or more of them, shall and may meat thereon, give judgement, that the sum or sums of money so to be assess-bd be the value of such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and of such iefpe£tive estates and interests therein ; which said ver-Previous no- *di6tcor verdicts, and the said judgement thereupon (notice ticetobe jn vvriting' being given to the person dr persons interested, or ^Tint^efted timing f° to be, at lead fourteen days before the time of the ' meeting of the said commisioners*and jury, by leaving such notice at'the dwellihg-house of such person or persons, * or at ' - his, her, or' their usual 'place/or places of abode, or with some tenant or occupier of some of the said lands, tenements,

' ■. or hereditaments, intended to be valued and assessed, in case

such party cannot otherwise be found out to be served with such : r' hotiefe) shall pe binding and conclusive as to value, as well

against the King's majesty, his heirs, and successors, as against every other person or persons, bodies politick and corporate,

< - and against air other persons whomsoever, claiming any estatej

right, title, trust, use, or interest, in, to, or out of, the said - ^ lands.

v^

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33. I2|

lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and premisses, either in < pofTession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy.

-LIX. And be it further enaCied and declared. That upon Upon pay-

□ment of the sum or sums of money so to be awarded or ad-

ged, to the person or persons to whom the fame shall be so premises to awarded, for the purchase of the said lands, tenements, or here- he conveyed ditaments, or for the purchase of any estate or interest therein, to thecoin-such person or persons shall make and execute, or procure to bq missioners. made and executed, good, valid, and legal conveyances, afllgn-ments, and assurances, in the law, to the said commisioners, of the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or of such estate or interest for which such sum or sums of money shall be so awarded; and shall procure all necessary parties to execute such conveyances, assignments, and assurances, and shall do all acts, matters, and things neceflfary to make good, clear, and perfect title to the said commisioners : and in case the person or per- Where a good fons to whom such sum or sums shall be awarded as aforesaid, *lt,c c*nnet ^ shall not be able to evince their title to the premisses to the ‘

satisfaCfcion of the said commisioners, or any nine or more of ance execut-them, and to make, or procure to be made, good, valid, anded,&c. legal conveyances thereof, or shall refuse so to do,* being thereto required, and the sum or sums so assessed and awarded being produced ahd tendered to.be paid to him, her, or them, on their making such title, and executing, or procuring to be executed, such conveyances, assignments, or assurances, as aforesaid ; or in case such person or persons, to whom such sum or or the parties sums of money shall be so awarded, cannot be foundthen, are not to be and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for found, &c. the said commisioners, or any nine or more of them, to order the said sum or sums of money, so assessed and awarded as the value of, and purchase-money for, the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as aforesaid, to be paid into the bank of England, in the name, and with the privity, of the accountant general of the high court of Chancery, to be placed to his account to the credit of the parties interested in the said lands, tenements,orhereditaments(defcribingthem)subjecft to theorder, controul, and disposition, of the said court of Chancery, which said court of Chancery,on the application of any person or persons making claim to such sum, or any part thereof, by motion or petition, shall be, and is hereby impowered, in a lummary way of proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame court shall feetn meet, to order distribution thereof according to the respe<$tive estate of estates, title, or interest, of the person or persons'mak-ing claim thereunto, of, in, or to, such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to be made appear to, and to be declared by, the said court, and according to the value thereof assessed as aforesaid, and to make such other order in the premisses as to the said court shall seem just and reasonable; and the caftiier or cashiers of 'the bank of England, who shall receive such sum and sums, is and are hereby required to give a receipt or receipts for such sum or sums, mentioning and Specifying for fthat premisses.

IM

VerdiCb, &c. t6bc regift er-

Copiesgood

evidence*'

On such payment, premises to vest in the commisioners.

Commisioners may in-vest money ii the publick funds, See,

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33* [1757,

tnifles, and for whose use, the fame is or are received, to such person as pay any such sum or Turns into the bank of England* as aforesaid.

LX. And be it further enacted, That a memorial of all such verdicts, judgements, sentences, decrees, and orders, of the said commisioners and juries, as relate to or concern any such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, so to be purchased, shall be entered in the office appointed forregistering deeds, conveyances, wills, and other incumbrances within the county of -dlesex'i and the said verdicts, judgements, sentences, decrees, and orders, shall be deemed and taken to be records to all intents and purposes whatsoever; and the fame, or true copies theceof, shall be deemed and taken to be good and effectual evidence and proof in any court or courts of law or equity whatsoever 5 and all person s shall and may have recourse to the fame gratis, and take copies thereof, paying for every copy not

exceeding two hundred words, (ix pence, and so proportionably for any greater or lesser number of words; and immediately after such verdiCts, judgements, sentences, decrees, and orders, of the said cqmmimoners and juries, and payment into the bank as aforesaid, all the estate, right, title, interest, use, trust, property, claim, and demand, in law and equity, of the person or persons to whose credit such money shall be paid, in, to, and out of, the said lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premisses, shall vest in the said commisioners, and they shall be deemed in law to be in the aCtual possession thereof to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually, as if every person having any estate in the premisses had actually conveyed the fame by lease and release, bargain and sale inrolled, feoffment with livery and seisin, fine and recovery, or any other conveyance whatsoever; and such payment shall not only bar all right, title, interest, claim, and demand, of the person or persons to whose credit such payment shall have been made, but also shall extend to and be deemed and construea to bar the dower and dowers of the wife or wives of such person or persons, and all estates tail in reversion or remainder, and the issue or issues of such person or persons, and every person claiming under them, as effectually as a fine or recovery would do if levied or suffered by the proper parties in due form of law.

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said commisioners, or any five n or more of them, after such payment into the bank as aforesaid, and before any application in respect thereof to the said court of chancery, at the petition of any person or persons in possession Of such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to place out or invert, or cause to be placed out or inverted, such sum or sums of money, or any part thereof, in some of the publick funds, or on government security, at interest, in the name of any person or persons authorized and appointed by the said commisioners for that purpose', in trust to transfer and assign the fame to the person or persons to whom the premisses belong, on their executing proper conveyances thereof, and in the meaa time in

trust

Googli

1767*] Anno o£tavo Georgii III. c. 33. 123

trust to pay the interest and dividends arising therefrom to the person or persons who was or were in possession of the said pre-milTes at the time of the said payment into the bank.

LXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all and Persons inti-every person or persons, who shall be intitled to recover thetle<*to mesne profits of the premisses again ft the person or persons in intitled to the possession, in case the fame had not been so conveyed to, or interest of the veiled in, the said commisioners as aforesaid, shall be intitled purchase-mo-to recover the sum or sums to arise from such interest and divi-ncy* dends as aforesaid, by action of debt, or otherwise, against the Commission-person or persons who shall receive the fame; and the faidersto order commisioners, or any seven or more of them, are hereby im-^Jf ^ powered to make such orders as aforesaid on the bank for the^o^ngiy/ payment of such sum or sums of money, or any part thereof, as shall be necessary, in order to the fame being so invested in publick securities; and the said commisioners shall be quieted in the possession of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, for which such money shall be so paid as aforesaid, and shall not be answerable or accountable in any court of law or equity for the money so deposited and placed out as aforesaid, any otherwise than according to the tenor, purport, and true meaning of this act.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That tajfmoneyn0t case the said sum or sums so assessed by the said jury, and order-tendered, the ed and adjudged by the said commisioners to be paid to theyerdifts and owners, occupiers, and others, for their respective interests in the premisses aforesaid, shall not be paid, tendered, or deposited by the said commisioners as herein directed, within six calendar montha after the fame shall have been so assessed, ordered, and adjudged; then, and in such case, the verdict of the said jury, and the order and adjudication of the said commisioners, shall not be binding upon the said parties; any thing herein ! contained to the contrary notwithftaqding.

LXIV. And be it further enabled by the.authority aforesaid, Purchase mo-That the principal money arising from the sale of any houses, nies of pre-edifices, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which shall be m

purchased for the purposes contained in this act, of any body hefted in ! corporate or collegiate, corporation aggregate or foie, feoffees in other pur-| trust, guardians, committees, or other trustees, or from any diafes to the j feme covert, shall be paid to such persons as they shall respec-fame tively nominate to receive the fame, in trust, with all convenient speed then afterwards, to be re-invested in the purchase of other messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled to and upon, and subject to, the like uses, trulls, limitations, remainders, and contingencies, as the houses, edifices, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which shall be purchased of them respectively by the said commisioners as aforesaid, were respectively settled, limited, or allured, at the time of such purchase, or so many thereof as, at the time of making such conveyances and settlements, shall be existing and capable of taking effect.

LXV. And

124

Conveyances by femes-covert inrolled to be effectua!

and To all other bargains and Tales for the purposes of this act.

Persons having any right, See. in lands so purchased, to enter their claims within a limited time or be debarred:

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33. fi 76^7.

LXV. And be it' further enacted, That the conveyance of any such estate or interest of any feme-covert to the said commisioners, or any person or persons in trust for them, by bar- gain and sale acknowledged by such feme-covert, and to be in-rolled in the said office appointed for registering deeds, conveyances, wills, and other incumbrances, within the county of Middkfex, withinTix calendar months after the making thereof, shall as effectually and absolutely convey the estate and interest: of such feme-covert in the premisses, as any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries, would or could do if levied or suffered thereof in due form of law : and further, that all bargains and sales whatsoever to be made of any such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as shall be purchased by the said commisioners by virtue of and for the purposes of this act, shall have the force, effect, and operation, in law, to all intents and purposes, which any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries whatsoever, would have if levied or suffered by the bargainer or bargainers, or any person or persons seised of any estate in the premisses in trust for or to the use of such bargainer or bargainers in any legal manner or form whatsoever.

LXVI. And. be it further enacted, That all and every per-1 son and persons whomsoever having any right, title, interest, use, property, claim, or demand whatsoever, whether in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, in, to, or out of, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which, by virtue and for the purposes of this act, shall be purchased by, and conveyed or mentioned, or intended to be conveyed to, the said commisioners by any such bargain and sale as aforesaid, shall, within the space of five years, to be computed from the date of the inroltnent of such bargain and sale, enter a memorial of such their right, title, interest, use, property, claim, and demand, in a book to be for that purpose prepared and kept by the clerk appointed by the said commisioners; which book such clerk is hereby required to prepare and keep accordingly, and for which entry he shall be intitled to such fee, and no other, as the register of the county of is by law

intitled to for the registry of a memorial containing the fame number of words : and all and every person or persons whomsoever not entering such right, claim, and demand, within such time, and in such manner, as aforesaid, or having so entered the fame, and not prosecuting such their right, claim, or demand, with effect, within the space of five years, to be com-r puted from the time of such entry, shall be for ever barred of all right, title, use, equity, property, claim, or demand whatsoever, whether in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, in, to, upon, or out of, the said premisses, and every part thereof; and the said commisioners, and those claiming by, from, or under them, lhaji be quieted in the possession of all such lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premisses ; any law, Statute, usage, matter, or thing whatsoever, to the contrary not* withstanding.

LXVIL Pro-

1767*] Anno o&avoGEORGII III. c. 33. 125

LXVTI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enabled, But at liberty That any person Or persons barred of any right, title, estate, in-to ref°'er the terest, claim, or demand whatsoever, in, to, or out of, the said ney^rpm^er-lands, tenements, and hereditaments, by virtue of this a shall Tons receiving be at liberty to bring any attion or actions of debt for money the fame, had and received to his or their use against any person or persons, or the legal representative of any person or persons, who received the purchase-money arifir.g from such sale of the said lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premisses aforesaid; and that in every such case the respective plaintiffs, on proof of such title as would have enabled them to recover such lands, tenements or hereditaments, or any part thereof, or any estate or interest in the fame, shall recover the said purchase-money, or so much thereof as shall be equivalent to their interest in the said premisses, together with such interest as shall be equivalent to the mesne profits of the premisses which they Should have been intitled to recover in case this act had not been made.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every te-After pur-nant at will, or le(Tee for a year, or other person or persons *n^dreiiv^rnao^ possession of any such lands, tenements, hereditaments, and pre- feHion^within* misses, or any part thereof, which shall be purchased by the said six months af-commisioners as aforesaid, and who shall have no greater inte- ter notice, rest in the premisses than as tenant at will, or as lessee by parole for a year, or from year to year, shall, at the expiration of six calendar months after notice in writing left upon the premisses, or so soon after as he or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the possession of the said premisses to the said commisioners, or any person authorized by them, or any five or more of them, to take possession thereof; and in case any such per- On refusing, son or persons shall refuse to give such possession, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commisioners, or any five more of them, to issue their precept or precepts to the sheriff of riffs to deliver the said county of Middlesex, to deliver possession of the pre- possession. miftes to such person or persons as shall, in such preceptor precepts, be nominated to receive the fame; and the fame sheriff is hereby required to deliver possession accordingly of the said premisses, and to levy such costs as shall accrue from the issuing and execution of such precept or precepts on the person or persons so refusing to give possession as aforesaid, by distress and sale of his, her, or their goods.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every per- Mortgagees, son and persons who shall have any mortgage or mortgages on on. te?dcr of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, now being in poflef- tand

fion thereof by virtue of such mortgage or mortgages, shall on convey ' the tender of the principal money and interest due thereon, together with six months interest of the said principal money, by the said commisioners, or any five or more of them, or by such person or persons as they shall appoint, immediately assign such mortgage or mortgages to the said commisioners, or any five or more of them, or to such person or persons as they shall appoint, in trust for them; or in case such mortgagee or mortgagees shall have notice in writing from the said commisioners, or any five

or

126

On refusal, interest to cease.

Prcmiflcs to vest in the commisioners

Monies to be paid or tendered before nfe made of the premises.

Power to fine (heriffs, &c. for not attending.

Annao£fenro Georgii III. c.33. [*767.

or more of them, that they will pay off and discharge the principal and interest which shall be due on the said mortgage or mortgages at the end or expirationfof six calendar months, to be computed from such notice given5 that then, at the end of the said six months, on payment of the principal and interest so due, such mortgagee or mortgagees shall assign his, her,or their interest in the premifies to the said commisioners, or such person or per-Tons as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint, in trust for them j and in case such mortgagee or mortgagees shall refuse to assign as aforesaid on such tender or payment, that then all interest on every such mortgage shall cease and determine.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That upon payment of the principal money and interest due on any mortgage as aforesaid into the bank, at the end of six calendar months from such notice as aforesaid, for the use of the mortgagee or mortgagees, the cash-ier or cashiers of the bank shall give a receipt or receipts for the said money in like manner as is herein before directed in cases of other payments into the bank; and thereupon all the estate, right, title, interest, use, trust, property, claim, and demand, of the said mortgagee or mortgagees, and of every person or persons in trust for him or them, shall vest in the said commisioners, and they shall be deemed to be in the actual possession of the premifies comprized in such mortgage or mortgages to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That all sums of money to be paid pursuant to any such agreement or verdict as aforesaid, or on any such mortgage, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon all monies which shall be raised or received for the purposes of this act, and shall be tendered to the party or parties intitled to the fame; and in case of refusal to accept d the fame, shall be paid into the bank of England in the names of any person or persons appointed by the said commisioners, or any five or more of them, for that purpose, in trust for such person or persons as shall be intitled to receive the fame before the said commisioners shall proceed to pull down any house or houies, or other ere&ioas or buildings, or to use the ground for any of the purposes of this act.

LXXII. And be h further enacted, That the said commisioners, or any five or more of them, shall have power, from time to time, to impose any reasonable fine, not exceeding the sum of ten pounds, on the said sheriff, or his deputy or deputies, bailiffs or agents respectively, making default in the premifies; and on any of the persons who shall be summoned and returned on any such jury or juries who shall not appear, or who shall refuse to be sworn on the said jury or juries, or being so fwom shall not give his or their verdict; and also on any person or persons who (halt be summoned to give evidence touching any of the matters aforesaid, and shall not attend, or shall refuse to be sworn, or who being (worn shall refuse to give his, her, or their evidence; and on any other person or persons who shall in other matter wilfully neglect his, her, or their duty in the pre-z mifics.

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c.

misses, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this all; and, . from time to time, to levy such fine or fines by order of the said commisioners, or any five or more of them, by distress and sale of the offender's goods, together with the reasonable charges of every such difirefs and sale, returning the overplus (if any) to the owner; and all such fines shall be applied for the purposes of this act.

LXXIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Commifllan-That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commission- «s may fell ers, or any nine or more of them, to let, fell, or dispose of, *ndl# so much or such parts of such houses, lands, and premises, as shall not be necessary for the widening of the said streets or paf-sages, for the bed price that can be gotten for the fame, applying the money arising thereby for the purposes of this all.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Penalties may hid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said com- be mitigated* missioners, or any seven or more of them, from time to .time, to compound and agree with any person or persons against whom, the said commisioners, or any three or more of them, shall bring, or cause to be brought, any allion or allions, suit or suits, for any penalty or penalties contained in any contract or contracts hereafter to be entered into, on account of any breach or non-performance of any such contrail or contrails, for such sum or sums of money as they, or any seven or more of them, shall think, proper; and also to mitigate, compound, or lessen, any other the forfeitures incurred under this all, so as the sums so compounded and agreed for be not less than the injury or damage sustained by the breach or non-performance of such contract or contrails, and all the costs, charges, and expences, which shall be occasioned thereby, and so as the mitigation of the other forfeitures as aforesaid, do not extend to remit abaye one moiety of the said forfeitures respeltivdy.

LXXV. Provided always, and be it further enalled by the Persons ag-authority aforesaid. That if any person shall think himself or grieved may herself aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of this all, quarter fef-and for which no particulaffmethod of relief hath been already dons* appointed, such person may appeal to the justices of the peace at any general or quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the county of Middkfex or city of London, within three calendar

months after the cause of complaint shall have arisen, such appellant first giving, or causing to be given, fourteen days notice at the lead, in writing, of his or her intention to bring such appeal, and of the matter thereof, to the clerk to the said commisioners; and within two days after such notice, entering into a recognizance before some justice of the peace for such county or city, with two sufficient sureties, conditioned to try such appeal at, and abide the order of, and to pay such costs as shall be awarded by, the justices at such general or quarter sections; mid the said justices at such session, upon due proof of such notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such recognizances, shall hear and finally determine the causes and

matter

v^

Penalties and forfeitures how to be re< covered and applied.

Commissioner* may reward informers.

Justices may

administer

-oaths.

Proceedings to be entered in books.

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33.' [1767.

matter of such appeal in a summary way, and award such costs to the parties appealing or appealed against as they the said justices shall think proper; and the determination of such general or quarter sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive; to all intents and purposes.

LXX VI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That all penalties and forfeitures by this aeft imposed (the manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly-directed) shall be levied and recovered by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chatties, by warrant under the hand and seal of one justice of the peace aCting in and for the said county of Middlesex; which warrant such justice is hereby impowered and required to grant, upon the confession of the party or parties, or upon the information of any one or more credible witness or witnesses upon oath; and the penalties and forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the overplus (if any be) upon demand, to the party or parties whose goods and chatties shall be so distrained and fold (the charges of such distress and sale being first dedu&ed) shall be paid to the clerk to the said commisioners for the time being, and be applied towards the purposes of this act: and in case fufticient distress shall not be found, or such penalties and forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith ; it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause such offender or offenders to be committed to the common gaol or house of correction of the said county, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than fourteen days, unless such penalties and forfeitures, and all reasonable charges, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

LXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commisioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, if they shall fee cause, to pay and apply such part of the said penalties and forfeitures, or any of them, as they shall think proper, not exceeding one moiety of them, or any of them, to and for the use of the informer or informers, or any of thdm ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding

LXXV1II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where cognisance is given to any justice or justices of the peace by this act, it shall be lawful for such justice or justices to administer an oath to any person for his or their more certain information in the matters then depending.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That a book or books shall be prepared and kept by the said commisioners, or by such person or persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint, wherein shall be fairly entered, from time to time, the names of such persons as they, or any five or more of them, ; shall nominate and appoint to put in execution the purposes of this act, and copies of all orders and proceedings relating thereto and also an account of what monies shall have been assessed, raised,

levied,

v^

iySj."] Anno odlavo Georgii III. c. 129

levied, and paid, by virtue of this'act, and how the fame shall have been applied, and the names of the annuitant or annuitants, and what sum or sums he, (he, or they, paid for such annuity or x

annuities respectively, and what he, me, or they, is or are to receive for the fame; which book or books the said annuitants, or any of them, and all persons contributing to the said rates or assessments, may, at all convenient times, peruse and inspect without fee or reward.

LXXX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore* Commission-said. That the said commisioners shall at all their meetings un- *rs are to de-der this act pay and defray their own expences. {rzYthcir ov,rn

LXXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- expence*‘ said. That where any distress shall be made for any sum or sums Distrest not of money to be levied by virtue of this act, the distress itself unlawf“j. for shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party pr parties making want 0 torm* the fame be deemed a trefpafter or trespassers, on account of any default or want of form in any proceeding^ relating thereto; nor nor the party shall the party or parties distraining be deemed a trefpafter orJ*®ra™®8 trefpafters ab initio,. on account of any irregularity which shall J^fpifler be afterwards done by the party or parties distraining, but the ab . person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity may recover full satisfaction for the special damage in an action on the case.

LXXXII. Provided always, That no plaintiff or plaintiffs not

shall recover in any action for any such irregularity, trespass, or to recover, if other proceedings, if tender of sufficient amends shall be made tender of * by or on the behalf of the party or parties who shall have com- amend® hat mitted, or caused to be committed, any such irregularity, tref- been made, pass, or wrongful proceedings,before such action brought; and in case no such tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the defendant or defendants in any such action, by leave of the court where such action shall depend; at any time before issue joined, to pay into court such sum of money as he or they shall think fit; whereupon such proceedings, or orders and judgements, shall be had, made, and given, in and by such court, as in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

LXXXIIL And be it further enacted by the authority afore- writing® to said, That no nomination, contract, bond, warrant, judge- be without ment, or other writing Whatsoever, under the hand and seal, or ®amPs* hands and seals, of, or only signed by, any commisioners, or justice orjustices of the peace, or exhibited before them, or under the hand and seal, or hands and seals, of, or only signed by, any other person or persons whatsoever, relating to the execution of this act, shall be chargeable with any stamp-duty whatsoever.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- proceeding® said. That all orders and proceedings of the said commisioners, to be entered at their meetings, shall be entered in a book or books to be kept in a beak, for that purpose; and such orders and proceedings, so entered,

(hill be signed by the clerk or clerks at any meeting of five or more of the said commisioners assembled, as the case shall require ; and such orders shall be deemed and taken to be origi-Vol. XXVIII. K nal

L.

i^o( Anap o&ivoGeorgii III. c. 3$. [1767* '

nal orders; which .said hook or bpofesiball and may. be produced and read in evidence in all courts whatsoever.

Proceeding* LXXXV, And be, it further enabled by, the authority afore^

n«a(hed for That no proceedings to fee had toucmng.the.conyidlion of .

wait of form. ar?y offender or offenders /again#, this act, or.apy or^er, made,, dr other master.c^ things to be .done;or .tra^ra(5led inf or, relating^ nor remove- t?» r^e execution of this act, shall he vacated, or qiiafiied»fofj, able by Ctrtio- want of form', or be removed by Certiorar,ix or any otherwrit, rari. orprocefs whatsoever, iqto any.orhis JV^ajesty's courts of .record

at j WeJ}mjpJlart j. any, law or Statute, to, the-, contrary notwiMfc?» c.‘ \ (finding/ . ;

Limitation of LX&XVX{ And.be it further ,ep3#ed, by ttye {authority afore* actions. said, That^io action or suit, shall be,commenced agflioft; aqy per* t fqn or persons .for any thing done, in purfuapce ofjthif until, twenty one days notice, shall be thereof /given ip wjriuog . t^t t!je. c(erk to the said commissioqers, or after fu#jcjenj,T tajis^, foftipo, or tender thereof, hath^beep mac(e to thp/party.or-pflrtief aggrieved,, 0$ after fix . calendar months next after the ,/adbcapnr r tinted for which such adlipnor actions, suit or (uits^ (hah be fd.t brought,; and every hich action shall be brought^ laip, and tried* 4 in.jbeppuhty or pla<je wherp ^ph.m^teK?nathmgsfefpe^ively7 shall be committed or done, and nor in any othercoqqty or.pl^cp; 4 and the defend ant or defendants in such a^tiqns atjd ftjits, and every General ilfae. of them, may plepd the .general issue,, and give this act and the}

' ' * ' special. matter, in evidence,.at any . trial or .trials .which shall be -,

had thereupon, aq^ that the matter.or thing for:which duch.ac? i

tien or a^ipns, fpjt or Tuits, (ha^be Jo, brought, wps, done I

pursuance, and by the authority of this a<$: anpif the,said mat- , ter or thing shall appear to hays b!?en so dope, or jf,jt fl^lj ap? i pear that such action or suit was. brought before,twenty ony days t nptice-thereof given as afore said, or that sufficient fctiVu^ion was. made or tendered as aforesaid^oL ifany such adlmp.or./fim shall j not bepommetVri^d witlfin the tia^e bemrp. for,thatpprpose limit v. eq, or shall bp lajd in any. other county or place that) as, pforesaid$; then the jury pr juries fnalJ find .for thp defendant pr^ defendants therein: and if a verdidi or veroi<5ls shall be found fot/fuch de-. fendant or fk$?odai?ii£» or if (he plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or aikionpj.suit pr suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a ;i discontinuance. of, such action or a&ionsv or. if .upon, any de*-mnjreror demurrers in fucha<£ljonpr, anions, judgement shall be given for/thq, defendant pr defendants therein ; then, and in r any of the cases aforesaid, such defendant or defeodants (haL(.. Treble colls, h$ve.trebJp(coft$, and shall baye'such remedy forrecoveringthp./, fame, as atw defendant or defendants may have for his* her* prr their costs,, inj % ny otjier cases by law.,

Fuh^ck ^a., LXXXyj[lr Atvd be.it further enacted by the authorityafore- .

said,; That th,W «fi^ll be taken land, allowed,.in all courtsnfir jujfiice, as ca pub|ip(t.#4f and,; all judges, justices, and otherstc arp .hereby,required; to taHe pojtjcc thereof as such, without the.j, faOie b^ngfps^ialJy pMed. X^XIVT

Anno o6fevo GEtfftcti III. c. '34—41.

CAP. XXXIV.

'Jn act to enlarge and vary the term and powers of an act fot -ing and'widening the road from the end of Thames Street, in the city of Oxford, over Botiey Causeway, to the turnpike road near Fifield, in the county of Berks 5 and to provide more effectually for repairing and widening the ancient horse read from, the wefi end Of Botley ‘Caufeway to Witney, the county of

Oxford.

, CAP. XXXV.

fin act for amending» widening, and keeping in roads

leading to and through the town of Goudburu in the county Kent.

CAP. XXXVI.

fin act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the city of Coventry, to communicate upon Ft'adley Heath, the \ of

. Stafford, 1frith b canal now making between 'the rivers Trent and Mersey.

* CAP. XXXVII.

fin act for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canalfrom the river Severn, at or near a place called Hawford, in the parish of Claines, in the county ^Worcester, to or near a place called Chapel Bridge, within the borough of tkroitwich, in the said county.

CA?. XXXVIII.

fin aft fir making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from

Birmingham to Bilftorte, and from thence to Autheley, there to communicate With the canal now making between the rivers Severn and Trentj and for making collateral cats up to coal #

CAP. XXXIX.

fin act to continue the terms and enlarge the powers off everal acts of the twelfth of Queen Annfe, the twelfth of King George First,

and the twentj second of his late , fit repairing the road

from the City ofWbrcefrer, through Droitwich, to Bromsgrove, and other roads therein mentioned; and to repeal an act of the twenty eighth year of his late Majesty fir repairing the roads lying in and leading from Dtoittoich ; and fir amending the

, everal roads which were directeto be repaired by the said act.

CAP. XL.

fin act for rebuilding and enlarging the common if the city and

county of the city ^Coventry; and for appointing a place for the tufiody of prisoners in the mean time.

CAP. XLI. ■

fin act for continuing and enlarging the powers of an act paffea in the . twenty fourth year of the reign of his late Ma\ejly^ , An

act for repairing the road from the top of Crickley ltill> in the county of Gloucester9 to Frogg through the towns of North Leach, Harford, and Witney > and parishes of Hanborough

and Bladon> to Campsfield9 in the patish of , in the

county of Oxford 5 arid al{b the road from Witney* through 'fytejbami Gardner, and Bothy > to the city Of Oxford \ except

by G00gl<

132

Anno octavo GeorghIII c. 42—47. [176^*

much thereof as relates to the road from Witney, through Eyn— lham, Cumner, and Botley, to the city of Oxford 5 and also for repairing and widening the road from Campsfield, to the turnpike road at or near Endow Bridge, in the said county of Oxford. ‘CAP. XLII.

An act for enlarging and continuing the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his late

for repairing the road from Sunderland near the sea> to the city of Durham, in the county

Q A P. XLIII.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late , for repairing the road

from the thirty nine mile stone in Maid ft one, to Tubb's Lake, in the parish of Cranbrooke, in the county of Kent,

CAP. XLIV.

An act to amend and render more effectual an aH made in the second year of the reign of his present Ma, for supplying the town of

Halifax with water \ and for better pavings and lighting*

the streets and other places there; and for removing all incroachmentSy and obfiruHionSy within the said , and prevent ting the like for the future.

CAP. XLV.

An act to continue and render more effectual several acts passed for repairing the road leading from The Stones End, in the parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the county of Middlesex, to the -

thermost part of the not hern roady in the parish Enfield, the

fame county, next to the parish c/'Cheshunt, in the county 0/Hertford 5 and for amending the road from The Watch House in Edmonton, to The Market Place Enfield.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for repealing an act made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the , intituledy An act for the better regulating the nightly watch and beadles, and cleansing, enlightening, and paving, the streets, squares, lanes, and other padages, and repairing the highways and causeways, and regulating the poor within the parish of Saint Mary, le honey in the county of Middlesex; and for making more effeilual proviftonfor those purposes,

CAP. XLVII.

An act for divertingy altering, wideningy , and ,

the road from Huddersfield, in the west riding of the county of York, to Woodhead, in the county palatine of Chester; and from thence-to a bridge over the river Mersey, called Enterclough Bridge, on the confines of the county of Derby.

CAP. XLVIIL

An act for continuing the terms of several aHs made in the thirteenth

. year of Kit^g George the Firfty and in the seventeenth and thirty second years of his late Majesty, for repairing several roads leading from and through Chippenham, and from Chippenham Bridge,

in

THE

Statutes at lUtge,

Anno oSiavo Georgii III. Regis.

I

Being the FIRST Session of the

)

Thirteenth Parliament of GREAT BRITAIN.

BY

DAN BY PICKERING, of Gray's Inn, Esq»

TH:E

S T A TU T E S at Large,, Sfe,

Ann* mvo GEO&mi lll

At the parliament begun and holdfen ,at Westnun* fkts the tenth day of May; Anno'Dm: 1768^ in the eighth year of the reign of our.Sbyereigrr Lord GEORGE the Third# by, the, grace, ojf‘

Godi of Great Britain % France; and Ireland;

King,. Defender of: the Faith, &t. Being the" first session of the thirteenth parliament of"

Great Britain*

cap. 1;

An act for farther 1 continuing certains laws to prohibit* Jor*

a limited time,4tbe-erportation -of c* grain? malt,

floorv bread, biscuit, andftarebi andvlfi thb* extraction low,. winetand fffeits from wheat and wheat-fldur\ far'

father, allowing^ ike impriatfancf .wheat and wheat-flpur+ „ barley* barley?fwl* mAmlft* fowf fluty* into this iinga dom, from ary part of Europe? <ja*d for » allowing ibr formation -of oats and oat^meaL,

kingdom,for a limited time, free of dutyand also for

continuing fetch other laws as will expire before the -ning of the next session of parliament.

WHEREAS it is expedient that the laws herein after Preamble,

tionedshould be continued j may it therefore please your Ma-

jesty, that it may be enabled $ and be it enacted by the King's

most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of

the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present

parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That

so much of an act made in the seventh year of the reign of his jjg1

present Majesty, intituled, An aftto pro, for a limited , 7 ‘J'

the exportation of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, and

starch, and also the extraction of low wines and from wheat

and wheat-flour, as was continued by an act made in the last fef- as wa8 contj.

fion of parliament, intituled, An act to continue and amend an act nued by the

made in the last session of parliament, to prohibit, for a limited time, recited act of

the exportation of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, andtbc *aft *cffioQ*

parch, and also the extraction of low wines and spirits from wheat

and wheat-flour, shall, together with the amendments and the together with

other the amend.

I

GoogI<

138 Anno octavo Georgii III. c* [1767.

went* and other provisions contained in the said last mentioned act, con-

P-ijbns tinue, and shall be in full force and effect, and be carried into

ttooontinu- exedition, until the twentieth day after the commencement of

ed until the the next session of parliament. '

twentieth day after the commencement of the next session.

The following And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, of That the following acts made in the seventh year of the reign

y Geo. of his present.Majestyj that is to say. An «d, intituled. aft

for further allowing the importation of wheat and ley, barley.mealy and pulse^ free into this , from any

part of Europe 5 and an act, intituled, An act for allowing the importation. of oats and oat-mealy Vye and rye-mealy into this kingdom, for a limited time, free of duty; whidh said a dswere continued by ai> act made in the last session of parliament, (intituled. An act to continue feverdl acts made in the last session of , for

allowing the importation of wheat, wheat-flotfry , barley-mealy pulfly oatSyoat-mealy rye and rye-mealy duty free\ so much

continued # of an act made in the Jake flffion as relates to the free importation of likewise until rice from his Majestfs colonies in North America, and to allow the

afterAe importation of wheat and wheat-flour from Africa*/*** a limited time9

commence- free of &uif)shall continue, and shall be in full force and effect, nient of the and be carried into execution, until the twentieth day after the next session. commencement of the next session of parliament.

All other „ III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, whichhave That all other acts of parliament, and all clauses and provisions continuance contained in any act or acts of parliament, which have continu-only until the anceonly until the end of this present session of parliament, or of this which will expire before the beginning of the next session of par-or which will ^ament» shall be, and are hereby, further continued until the expire before end of such next session of parliament. ■

the beginning of the next session, are further continued until the end of the next session* 1

1

THE

Statute* at ilarge,

Anno nono Georgii III. Regis.

t

Being the SECOND Session of the]

Thirteenth Parliament of Great Britain,

by

DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's Inn, Efqi

Vo u XXVIII. L

4

v^

, THE

STATUTES at Large, &e.

Anno Regni G E O R G11 III, Regis

Magna Britannia> Fran& Hiber-niay nono.

AT the parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the eighth day of ,

Anno Dom. 1768, in the ninth year of the reign of our sovereign Lord George the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, Fr, and Ireland,

King, defender of the faith, &c. Being the second session of the thirteenth parliament of Great Britain,'

CAP. J.

An act to prohibit, for a further , the exportation of

com, grain, meal, malt, flour, \

and also the extraction of low wines and spirits from wheat and wheat flour.

WHEREAS it is expedient that the exportation of any fort Preamble.

of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, biscuit, andflarch,

out of the kingdoms of Great Britain Ireland yfowz/i be prohibited for a further time; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the « lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from N° P*rfo«1 and after the twenty sixth day of November, one thousand seven £c. any of the hundred and sixty eight, no person or persons whatsoever shall, commodities directly or indirectly, export, transport, carry, or convey, or here mention-cause or procure to be exported, transported, carried, or con- from Great veyed, out of or from the said kingdoms of Great Britain or ^jamor rc* Ireland; or load or lay on board, or cause or procure to be * laden or laid on board, in any ship or other veffei, or boat, in order to be exported or carried out of the said kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, any sort of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, or (larch, under the penalties and forfei-on forfeiture ' tures herein after mentioned; that is to say. That all the faid°f defame; commodities that shall be so exported, shipped, or laid on board, or loaded to be exported, shipped, or carried out, contrary to this act, shall be forfeited; and that every offender or offenders ' U therein

142 Anno nono Georgii III. c« i.' [1768.

and 40 s. per therein shall forfeit the sum of twenty shillings for every bushel bushel, forail Qf corn, grain, malt, meal, or flour; and twelve pence for every malt) meal) pound weight of bread, biscuit, or starch 5 and so in proportion and flour j* for any greater or less quantity which shall be so exported, and izd. per shipped, or put On board to be exported; and also the ship, breatT bilcuit boat, or ve^eU upon which any of the said commodities shall or starch * * be exported, shipped, or laden to be exported, and all her

and also of the guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture, shall be forfeited; and vessel. &c. one moiety of all the said penalties and forfeitures shall be to the King's majesty, his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety to him or them that will sue for the fame; and for offences In what which shall be committed in that part of Great Britain called courts the said England, such penalties and forfeitures shall be recovered by Da^nde^°:n debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Ma-rccovered. jelly's courts of record at or before the justices of

assize, or at the great sessions in Wales, or by information, at any general quarter sessions of the peace for the county, city, riding, division, or place, where the offence shall be committed ; and in such suit, no essoin, protection, privilege, oV wager of law, shall be allowed ; and for offences which shall be committed in that part of Great Britain called by action or

summary bill, or information, in the courts of sessions or ex-I chequer in Scotland; and for offences which shall be committed

' in Ireland, in his Majesty's courts of record in , or at

the general quarter sessions of the peace for the county, city, or Matter and place, where the offence shall be committed; and that the miners of Rafter anc| mariners of any such ship, boat, or yeflel, wherein fe^afliftiog6 ” any such °ffence shall be committed, knowing such offence, liable to f* and wittingly and willingly aiding and assisting thereunto, and months im- being thereof duly convicted in any such courts as aforesaid, prisonment. flyall be imprisoned for the space of three months without bail or mainprize.

Officers, and II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That other persons it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, authorized, being an officer or officers of the customs, or being lawfully authorized in this behalf by the lord high treasurer of Great Britain, or the commisioners of the treasury for the time being* may seize any or any three or more of them, to take and seize all such of the of the said said commodities, not allowed to be exported by this act, as he fl?i?pcdf &c.S or lhey shall happen to find, know, or discover, to be laid on contrary to board any ship, or other vessel, or boat at sea, or in any port, the intent of or in any navigable river or water, to the intent or purpose to this act; be exported, transported, or conveyed, out of Great Britain or together with Ireland, contrary to the true intent of this act ; and also the the vessel. ship, vessel, or boat, in which the fame shall be found 5 and to The goods to bring the said goods to the King's warehouse or warehouses be-be lodged in longing to the customhouse next to the place where such seizures the King's shall be made, or to feme ocher safe place (where there are no warehouses, such warehouses) in order to be proceeded against according to law; and in case of recovery, to be divided in planner as aforesaid.

III. Frq-

L.

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. r. 143-

III. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein Prohibition contained, shall not extend to prohibit the exportation of such or no*to e*!en4 io much of the said commodities, as shall be necessary to be ‘tl£c faJJ corn-carried in any ship or ships, or other ve(Tel or vessels, in their modities,as respective voyages, for the fuffenance, diet, and support, of the shall be necef-commanders, matters, mariners, passengers, or others, in the fary

fame ships or vessels only; or for the victualling or providing ^their^oy-any of his Majesty's ships of war, or other ships or vessels in his agesj Majesty's service, or for his Majesty's forces, forts, orgarrifons; or for his Ma-any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. i«(ty'« ships of

IV. Provided also, That this act, or any thing herein con- q*

tained, shall not extend to prohibit any person or persons to nor to such ^ ship or put on board any of the commodities aforesaid, to be shall be carried carried coastwif^; that is to say, From any port, creek, or mem- coaltwife $ ber of the kingdoms of Great Britain or , to any other

port, creek or member of the fame respectively, having such or the like coatt cocquet, or sufferance for that purpose, and Security being such or the like sufficient security being first given for the land- first given for ing and discharging the fame in some other port, member, or the due land-creek, of the said kingdoms, and returning a certificate in fix ,nS thereof months, as is required by law in cases where goods, which are liable to pay duties on exportation, are carried coastwise from one port of Great Britain to another, and not otherwise.

V- Provided also, That this act, or any thing herein con- nor to such as tained, shall not extend to any of the said commodities which shall be ex-Shall be exported, or shipped to be exported, out of or from ^^rBritaiii Great Britain to Ireland., or from Ireland to Great Britain; or to Ireland j or

from Great Britain or Ireland, to Gibraltar or , or unto from Ireland any of his Majesty's idands or colonies in , that have to Great Bri-

usually been supplied with any of the said commodities from J .or l£j. Great Britain or Ireland, for the sustentation of the inhabitants norca/orBrS-of the said idands, colonies, or dominions; or for the benefit tish colonies in of the British fishery in those parts only 5 so as the exporter do, America j or before the shipping or laying on board the fame, declare the 5j[*ethe island, colony, or dominion, idands, colonies, or dominions, she^x^teV for which the said commodities are respectively designed, and giving fecuri-do become bound with other sufficient security in treble the va- ty for the due lue thereof, to the commisioners or chief officer or officers of landing, his Majesty's customs belonging to the port or place where the Came shall be shipped or put on board (who hath or have hereby power to take such security in his Majesty's name, and to his Majesty's use) that such commodities shall not be landed or fold in any parts whatsoever, other than the kingdoms, dominions, idands, or colonies, for which the fame shall be so declared ; and that a certificate under the hand and seal of the collector, and returning comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs, or if no a certificate, such, of the naval officer, or some ^other principal officer of the port where the fame shall be landed, shall, within thp respective times herein after for that purpose mentioned (the danger of the seas excepted) be returned to the officers who took the (kid bonds, that the said commodities have been landed at the

L3 port

.

144

O&cer mak-

tated.

Other person counterfeiting, &c. any certificate.

Application

thereof.

Bonds to be prosecuted

Anno nono Georgii III. c.

port or place for which the fame shall be so declared; and for the taking of such security, and for giving such certificates (which the respective officers aforesaid are hereby on demand required to give) no fee or reward shall be demanded or received ; and if any officer shall make any false certificate of any ti^cafclf<for- c°mmo<Hties being so landed, such officer shall forfeit the feits*ool. and^um °ftwo hundred pounds, and lose his employment, and be is incapaci- incapable of serving his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, in any office relating to the customs ; and if any person shall counterfeit, rafe, or falsify, any such certificate, or knowingly pub-li(h any such counterfeit, rased, or false certificate, he Stall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, and such certificate shall forfeits zoo 1. be void and of no effect; which said penalties for offences cfem-&c* . . mitted in Great Britain or , shall be recovered in the fame

what* courts courts> an<* *n ^ same manner, as the other penalties inflicted to be recover- by this act are recoverable $ and for offences committed in the ed. colonies or plantations in , or other the dominions belonging to the crown of Great Britain in , shall be re-

covered in the high court of admiralty, or in any chief court of civil or criminal jurisdiction, in such respective colonies, plar^-tations, or dominions ; and shall be divided into equal moieties between his Majesty and the informer; and the said bond or within 3years, bonds, if not prosecuted within three years* shall be void. Prohibition VI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall ex-not to extend tend to prohibit the exportation of beans to the British forts, ported^die ca^es> an(* factories in Af, or for the use of the ships trad-British forts, ing upon that coast, that usually have been supplied with the See,in Africa, fame, from Great Britain or Ireland; so as the like security be given for the exporting thereof, as is required by this act to be given by persons carrying any of the said commodities to the British colonies in America. nor to any of VII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained (hailex-the said com- tend to prohibit the united company of merchants of England S5K, trading to the East Indies, from exporting any of the said com-- - - '■ modifies to any of their forts, factories, or settlements, for the support of the persons residing there; so as the like security be given for the exporting thereof, as is required by this act to be given by persons carrying any of the said commodities to the British colonies in America,

VIII. Provided also, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to any wheat, flour, malt, barley, bread, btfbuit or Hifcuit, or pease, to be transported out of, or from, the port of pease, from Southampton only, unto the islands of Jersey, , and Al-

Southampton derney, or any of them, for the only use of the inhabitants of to Jersey, those islands; so as the exporter before the lading of such com-Alderney* &*<:. mo<H*ies, or laying the feme on board, do become bound with for the use of* other sufficient security in treble the value thereof (which the the inhabi- customer or comptroller of the fame port hath hereby power to take in his Majesty's name, and to his Majesty's use, and for which security no fee or reward shall be given or taken) that such commodities shall be landed in the said islands of jjrfej.

Quern*

See,

East India company to their forts, See,

nor to wheat, flour, malt.

tants only, *c#

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. t. 145

Guernsey, and Alderney, or one of them (the danger of the seas only excepted) for the use of the inhabitants there, and shall * not be landed or fold in any other parts whatsoever, and to return the like certificates of the landing the fame there, as arc herein required on the exportation of the said commodities to the British colonies in America, and within the time for that

purpose herein mentioned; and so as the quantity of wheat, so as the quan-flour, malt, barley, bread, biscuit, and pease, which at any rity exceed time or times during the continuance of this act, shall be ship-ped at the said port for the said islands, or either of them as a- whole*! foresaid, doth not exceed in the whole five thousand quarters; any thing herein contained to Hie contrary notwithstanding.

IX. Provided also, That this a & shall not extend to any nor to wheat,

wheat, barley, oats, meal, or flour, to be transported out of or barley, oats, from the ports of Whitehaven or Liverpoole only, into the of J^ca1,

Man, for the only use of the inhabitants of that island ; so as ha^ii or Lithe exporter, before the lading of such wheat, barley, oats, verpooletothe meal, or flour, or laying the fame on board, do become bound, Me of Man, with other sufficient security, in treble the value thereof (which jjjhab? the customer or comptroller of either of the said ports respec- tantsonlyic. tively hath hereby power to take in his Majesty's name, and to

his Majesty's use, for which security no fee or reward shall be

given or taken) that such wheat, barley, oats, meal, or flour,

shall be landed in the said ljle of Man (the danger of the seas only excepted) for the use of the inhabitants there, and shall not be landed or fold in any other parts whatsoever; and to return the like certificates of the landing the fame there, as are by this act required on the exportation of the said commodities to the British colonies in America, and within the time for that so a* {h® purpose herein mentioned; and so as the whole quantity of coed'not wheat, barley, oats, meal, and flour; which, at any time or quarters in times during the continuance of this act, shall be shipped at the whole; both the said ports for the said ljle of , shall not exceeed one moiety to in the whole two thousand five hundred quarters; one moiety Whitehaven1 thereof to be exported from the said port of , and the anj the other

other moiety thereof to be exported from the said port of - moiety from poole; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. Liverpoole;

X. Provided also, That nothing in this a<$t contained shall nor to wheat

extend to prohibit the committee of merchants trading to ,

from exporting, during the continuance of this act, any quan- quarters;

tity of wheat flour, not exceeding two hundred quarters; or nor to bread

any quantity of bread or biscuit, not exceeding fifteen tons or biscuit, not

in the whdle of such bread or biscuit, or of such bread and bif-

cuit together, to the British forts, castles, and factories in Afri- by th*e com_

ca, for the support of the persons residing there ; so as the like mittee of A-

security be given for the exporting thereof, as is herein required frica mer- #

to be given by persons carrying the said commodities to the chant* to their n /7& 1 . 1 .r J,. 1 0 . forts. See. in

British colonies in America. Africa.

XI. And be it further eha&ed by the authority aforesaid; Commission-That the commisioners of tl?e customs for the time being shall, er$ of the cu-and they art hereby required, to give a full and true account ftoms to re-

L 4 in turn an ac-

v^

146 Anno nono Georgii III. c. i. £1768*

count to par- in writing, to both houses of parliament, at the beginning of tbTcornand next fe^l0n thereof, of all corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, other com- bread, biscuit, and (larch, that shall before that time be ex-modities To ported to any place whatsoever by virtue or in pursuance of any

exported. of the liberties or powers hereby given or granted for that

purpose.

limes limited XII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, for returning That all certificates of the landing and discharging of the said whereCbonds commodities to be exported, other than coastwise, shall be re-are taken. turned within the respective times following 5 that is to say. Where the bonds are taken in respect of any of the said commodities to be exported from Great Britain or , to any of said the colonies or plantations in , within eighteen

calendar months after the date of such bonds j and where to Gib-raltar or Minorca,, within twelve calendar months after the date of such bonds; and where to the islands of , Jersey9

Alderney, or Many within six calendar months after the date of such bonds ; and where from Great Britain to , or from Ireland to Great Britain, within six calendar months after the

date of such bonds respectively.

No drawback XIII. Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority or bounty to aforesaid, That no corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, bi(-of the*!com-ny cuit» or torch, which shall be exported by virtue of this acfl, modifies fo" shall be intitled to any of the bounties or drawbacks which are exported. allowed and made payable on the exportation of such commodities, or any of them.

Prohibition XIV. Provided always, and be it enabled. That nothing not to extend herein contained shall extend to prohibit the exportation of rice to rice. QUt q{ (his kingdom.

XV. And whereas it is expedient that the extraction of low wines or /pints from wheat or wheat flour Should be prohibited for a further time; be it therefore further enacted by the authority afore-The extrac- said. That from and after the twenty (ixth day of ,

tien of low one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, no low wines or rits^froni * fpifRs whatsoever shall be made, extracted, ordistilled, within wheat or this kingdom, from any wheat or wheat flour: and if any dif-wheat flour tiller or maker of low wines or spirits, or any other person or prohibited, persons whatsoever, shall make, extract, or distill, or cause or procure to be made, extracted, or distilled, any low wines or spirits from any wheat or wheat flour, or shall use or mix, or cause or procure to be used or mixed, any wheat or wheat flour in any worts or wash, in order for the making, extracting, or distilling, low wines or spirits, or shall put or lay, or cause or procure to be put or laid, in any tun, walh-batch, calk, copper, dill, or other vessel or utensil, any wheat or wheat flour for the purpose of preparing any worts or wash, or for making, extracting, or distilling, low wines or spirits, whether such tun, wa(h-batch, cask, copper, still, or other vessel or utensil, hath or hath not been duly entered at the excise office 5 that then, and in each and every of the said cases, such distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, or other person or persons, aCting contrary

L.

147

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 1.

trary to the directions of this act, or the person or persons in whose custody or possession any such tun, wash-batch, calk, copper, (till, or other vessel or utensil, which shall be made under penalty use of contrary to the intention of this act, shall be found,of *?°J\an<1 shall respectively, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the aHthe^atd sum of two hundred pounds, and all such wheat or wheat commoditie*. flour, and such worts and wash, low wines and spirits, shall

J be also forfeited.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Wheat and

That if any wheat or wheat flour shall be found in any work- wheat flour house, ftillhouse? florehouse, warehouse, or any other place, found in any wherein low wines or spirits, or worts or wash, shall be made, fowtinea^ extracted, diddled, or prepared, or where any low wines or and spirits are (pints, or worts or wash, shall have been made, extracted, dif- extracted, &c. tilled, or prepared, (ince the first day of one thousand are forfeited §

seven hundred and sixty eight, all such wheat and wheat flour and also shall be forfeited ; and the person or persons in whose possession 1061, by the such workhouse, flillhouse, florehouse, warehouse, or place, perf®11 ,n shall be, shall, for every offence respectively, also forfeit and* pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Officers of *That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons who excise, &c.

' shall be authorized for that purpose by the commisioners of ex- the f° cife for the time being, or any two or more of them, within materialsfrom the limits of the chief office of excise in , or by one or which low

more justice or justices of the peace in any other part of Great wines or fpi-Britain, at any time or-tinges, with any officer of excise, to en- r*t* ter into any workhouse, flillhouse, florehouse, warehouse, orcxra * any other place, wherein any low wines or spirits, or worts or wash, shall be, or arefufpefted to be, made, extracted, distil-Jed, or prepared, or wherein low wines or spirits, or worts or wash, shall have been made, extracted, distilled, or prepared,

(ince the first day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, and shall have free admittance into the fame, and may inspeCt all the materials, vessels, and utensils, therein contained, giving thereby as little interruption as may be to the bofinefs which is carrying on; and in case any officer of excise shall have reason to suspect that any wheat or wheat flour is mixed in any worts or wash, or in any other material or preparation, for making, extracting, or difliliing, low wines or spirits, and take fam-it shall and may be lawful for such officer, at any time or times pies, paying during the continuance of this act, upon payment of two (hil- for 1 e * lings and six pence, to take a sample, not exceeding two quarts, of any such worts or wash, material or preparation, which shall be found in any such house, or other place aforesaid ; and in Penalty of recafe any distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, or the owner fusing admit-or pccupier of any such house or place, or any workman or fer- t:J"ce to an varit to any such difliller, owner, or occupier belonging, shall or obflru£Hng refuse to admit such person or persons as shall be so authorized, him, is 100 if or any officer of excise, into any such house or place; or shall obstru# or hinder any such officer, or person or persons, in

I making

L

v^

j48

Officer authorized by warrant, may seize the said commodities

Distiller, not to have more than 5 quarters of wheat or wheat flour at one time, &c.

on forfeiture of the surplus, and 5 I. per quarter »

except with refoect to such distillers, See. as are the growers, c.

and who keep not the wheat, after being threflied out, longer than ao days 5 and not in places used for distilling;

and also with respect to such distillers as are millers, See.

In case-of information, upon oath, before two

Anno nono GeoIigii III. c. i. [1768.

making such inspection as aforesaid; or shall not allow any such officer to take such sample, after the said sum of two shillings and six pence shall be paid or tendered for the fame, such distiller, owner, or occupier, shall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds ; and it shall be lawful for any such officer of excise, or other person or persons authorized as aforesaid, having a warrant for that purpose from any two or more of the commisioners of the excise, or any justice or justices respectively as aforesaid, to seize, take, and carry away, all such wheat and wheat flour as shall be found in any such house or other place, together with all the sacks, bags, and other things, in which the said commodities shall be contained.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any distiller or maker of low wines or spirits for sale or exportation, shall be possessed of, or have in his, her, or their custody or possession, or in the custody or possession of any person or persons in trust, or for the use or benefit of such distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, more than five quarters of wheat or wheat flour at any one time, in any one or more place or places (not being a place or places for preparing, making, extrading, distilling, or keeping worts or wash, low wines, or spirits) every such distiller or maker of low wines or spirits shall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit all such wheat and wheat flour exceeding the said quantity of five quarters $ and also the sum of five pounds for every quarter so forfeited.

XIX. Provided always, That this act shall not extend to in-slid the said Iaft mentioned penalty and forfeiture upon any distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, who shall be the actual grower of wheat, and shall be possessed of any quantity of such wheat grown by him or her in the straw, or after the fame is threflied out, or separated from the straw ; provided such wheat shall not be kept in his or her possession, or in the possession of any other person or persons in trust for him or her, or for a greater space of time than twenty days after the fame shall be threftied or separated from the straw ; and so as such wheat be not kept in any place used for making, extrading, or distilling, low wines or spirits, or for preparing or keeping worts or wash.

XX. Provided also, That this act shall not extend to inflid

the said last mentioned penalty and forfeiture upon any distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, who pradifes the trade of a miller, and who was possessed of, and worked any mill or mills for the grinding of wheat, on or before the first day of ,

one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, for or upon account of any quantity of wheat or wheat flour, which shall at any time, during the continuance of this act, be found in any such mill or mills $ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaief, Tfiat in case any officer or officers of* excise, or any other person or persons, shall, at any time‘or times, have cause to fuf-

2 ped

1768.] Anno nonoCEORGil III. C. i. 149

pedt that any wheat or wheat flour, exceeding the quantity of commissionert five quarters, shall he laid or kept in any such storehouse, ware- of excise. house, grainery, or other place or places, as aforesaid, belonging to any distiller or maker of low wines or (pints, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act; then, and in every such case, upon oath made by such officer or officers, or other person or persons, before the commisioners of excise for the time being respectively, or any two or more of them, or before 0r a juftfce of one or more justice or justices of the peace residing near the peace, war-place where such officer or officers, or other person or persons, rant to' b* * shall suspect the fame to be laid and kept, setting forth the 8o^eHngthe ground of his or their suspicion; it shall and may be lawful to Officer, &c. to and for the said commisioners, or justice or juff ices of the peace enter all store-respectively, before whom such officer or officers, or other per- houses, &c. son or persons, shall make oath as aforesaid (if he or they shall S

judge it reasonable) by special warrant under his or their re-

spective hands and seals, to authorize and impower such officer or officers, or other person or persons, authorized as aforesaid, by day or by night (but if in the night, then in the presence of a conffable, or other lawful officer of the peace) to enter into all and every storehouse, warehouse, grainery, or other place or places, where he or they shall suspect that any wheat or wheat flour, exceeding the quantity of five quarters as aforesaid, shall be laid or kept, belonging to any such distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, and to seize, take, and carry away, all such and seize all wheat and wheat flour as he or they shall so find (over and wheat and above the said quantity of five quarters, together with all the exceeding 5 sacks, bags, or other things, wherein the fame shall be con- quarters; 5 tained) and such distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, or and distiller the person or persons in whose custody or possession such wheat liable to pay or wheat flour, belonging to such distiller, shall bb found, shall, sl*Perfl'Jar^ for every such offence respe<5tively, forfeit and pay the said pe- above*that nalty of five pounds for every quarter exceeding the said quan- quantity, tity of five quarters ; and the said officer or officers, and other person or persons, is or are hereby impowered by such warrant, together with such other person or persons as he or they shall take to his or their assistance, to enter such storehouses, ware-houses, graineries, and other place or places, and break open the doors thereof in case they be not opened on demand.

XXII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Recoveiy and That all penalties and forfeitures by this a<$t imposed, and for application of the recovery and application whereof no other provisioh is here-in before made, shall be sued for and recovered by action of debt, JirC80where bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of re- not otherwise cord in Westminster, or in the court of exchequer at Scotland j directed.

and that the respective courts before whom the fame shall be re- penalties 11a-covered may and are hereby anthorized (if they shall think fit) ble to be mi-to mitigate all or any of the pecuniary penalties herein before in- tigated. fli<51ed, to any sum not less than one Fourth part of the sum herein respe<5tively mentioned ; and that one moiety of all such penalties and forfeitures when recovered, shall be to the use of his

Majesty,

150 Anno nono Georgii III. c. 2,4. [ 176

Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall sue far the fame, or give information of, or discover the offence.

Limitation of XXIII. Provided always, That all suits, profeeutions, or in-suits, and in- formations, for offences committed against this a d,shall be offence^a- or coniincnce^ an(* made within the space of six calendar months gainst this act. after the fad is committed, and not otherways; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. limitation of XXIV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, addons. That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within the space of four calendar months next after the offence shall be committed; and if such action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted in that part of Great Britain called England, the defendant or defendants in General issue. any such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act 5 and if it shall appear so to have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants: and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plain-Treble costs. tiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law : and if such action or suit be commenced or prosecuted in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the court, before whom such action or suit shall be brought, shall allow the defender to plead this act on his defence; and if the pursuer shall not insist on his action, , or if judgement shall be given against such pursuer, the defender shall and may recover the full and real expences he may have been put to by any such action or suit.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall continue until the twentieth day after the commencement of the next session of parliament.

CAP. II.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thouund seven hundred and sixty nine.

CAP. III.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

CAP. IV.

jtn act to allow for a further time the free importation of rice into this kingdom, from his colonies in North

America.

WHEREAS it is expedient that such part of the law as is herein

after mentioned Should be further continued; May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted

Publick act.

*

Preamble,

C^

1768.3 Anno flono Georgii III. a 5« 15*

alted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the ad* vice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho* rity of the fame, that so much of an act made in the seventh So much of year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for 7. Geo. j, lowing the free importation of rice, sago pand a* rcJates to

this kingdom, from his Majesty's colonies in North America, for a

limited time, as relates to the importation of rice; which was con-

tinued by an act made in the eighth year of the reign of his pre- which wa» sent Majesty, intituled, ^/? act to continue acts made in the continued by

laftfeffton of parliament,for allowing the importation of wheat, - aft 8 Gco* 3*

flour, barley, barley meal, pulse, oats, oatmeal, rye, and rye meal, duty free \ and alj'o so much of an act made in the same session as relates to the free importation of rice from his Majesty s colonies in North America; and to allow the importation of wheat and wheat-flour from Africa, for a limited time, free of duty, shall be, and is here- js further con-

by further continued, until the first day of January, one thou- tinued to sand seven hundred and seventy. * Jan* *77°*

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by theautho- Rice foim-

rity aforesaid. That for and upon all rice which shall be import- ported, being ed into this kingdom, duty free, by virtue of this act, and which aj>a,P exP°rt* shall be again exported thereout, there shall be paid and an- \ j * JJf** fwered to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, a subsidy of pound 1*

poundage of six pence in the pound, according to the value orlormt

rate set upon rice imported, in the book of rates referred to by the alt of the twelfth year of King Charles the second; which said subsidy of six pence in the pound upon such rice so exported, shall be raised, levied, collected, and recovered, by such . ways and means, and under such rules, regulations,' penalties, and forfeitures, as the subsidy of poundage for any goods ojr merchandizes exported from Great Britain may be raised, levied, collelted, or recovered, by any act of parliament now in force, as fully and effeltually to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, direltions, penalties, and forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present alt; and that such duties shall (the necessary charges of management excepted) be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and be there reserved for the disposition of parliament.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authori- and due en-ty aforesaid, that due entries shall be made in such manner andtrie? form as were used or pralticed before the making of this act, of

all rice which shall be imported into this kingdom, by virtue of

this act, at the customhouse belonging to the ports of importa-r tien; or in default thereof, the rice lo imported, and whereof such entries shall not be made, shall be subject and liable to such on penalty of and the fame duties as would have been payable thereon, in case paying the ac* the free importation thereof had not been allowed. omed dtt"

CAP. V.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in

Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred

and sixty nine, at three/billings in the pound*

4 CAP.

152 Anno nono Georgii III. c .6.[176s,

CAP. VI.

An act for the more effectually preventing the clandestine portation of foreign fpi; and for explaining part

* of an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his present

Majesty, as relates to the penalties upon

felling ale, beer, or other exciseable liquors by without licence; and for taking away certain powers granted by former acts, for punishing persons convicted of retailing spirituous liquors without .

Preamble, re- it THERE AS by an act in the eighth year of the reign of

in 1318 Geo.i. * * ^ls ^ate majesty hCingGeorge the , An act to prevent the clandestine running of goods, and the danger of infection thereby; and to prevent ships breaking their quarantine* and to subject copper ore, of the production of the plan-

tations, to such regulations as other enumerated commodities of like production are subject, is enacted and that any

officer of excise shall and may, and ought to all

rum, spirits, and strong waterstogether with the

fels, or other package containing the which by any act or

then in force,, or then after to be made, Should be forfeited: and whereas no provision is made by the laws in being to impower the officers of

excise to seize horses, or other cattle or carriages made use of in

moving, carrying, or conveying, the said liquots forfeited as ;

and it would be a further means to prevent the clandestine importation cf spirituous liquors, if officers of excise were impowered to Jeize the

horses, or other cattle and carriages made use of in carry-

ing, or conveying the fame, the same manner as the officers of the tuftoms may now legally do; be it therefore enacted by the lung's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, that After 10 Jan. from an(* after the tenth day of one thousand seven

1769, officers hundred and sixty nine, it shall and may be lawful to and for of excise are the officers of excise, and every of them, and they, and each feiz^alfhorses them, are required to seize all and every horse, and other caTtle, arid *** cattle and carriage whatsoever, used in the removing, carrying, carriages,used or conveying away, any of the liquors aforesaid (customs and In removing other duties not being first paid or secured) in the same manner °wa°nfVeryi,lS as °®cers the customs may now legally do; which seizures of horses, cattle, and carriages, shall ana may be proceeded up-which duties, on, heard, and determined, by such ways, means, and me-&c. have not thods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be sued for been paid, as or recovered by any law or laws relating to his Majesty's reve-joftomsmay nue excise, or any of them ; or by aCfion of debt, bill, plaint, now do. or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Method of minster, for any thing done in that part of Great Britain called proceeding England, or in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh, for any thing ereupon. jn that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and that one

moiety of every such forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs,

wi

v^

1768.3 Anno nono Georgii ill. c. 6. 1

and successors, and the other moiety thereof, to' him or them who shall seize, inform, or sue for the fame. '

II. And whereas by an act passed in the fifth year of his pre- ciaufein a sent Majesty's reign, intituled, An aff altering the stamp - 5 Geo. 3.

ties upon admissions into corporations or companies; and for further securing the stamp duties in Great Britain; it is, amongst other things, enacted, that from and after the fifth day of , one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, every person convicted of felling beer, ale, or other exciseable liquors by retail, within England, Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweedy, without

being licensed thereto, shall, instead of the several pecuniary and corporal punishments, inflicted by former a<5ts, forfeit and undergo the penalties and punishments following; for the first offence, the sum of forty shillings, and all costs and expences of conviction, and if not paid within fourteen days* the party shall suffer imprisonment for one month, unless the penalty and charges shall be sooner pfcid j and for the second offence, four pounds, with the like cods ; and if not paid within one week, the party shall suffer imprisonment for two months, unless fucii fine and costs be sooner paid ; and for the third offence, and all subsequent offences, six pounds, with like costs ; and if not paid within three days, the party shall suffer imprisonment for three months, unless he shall sooner pay the fame as aforesaid; the said costs and expences to be settled and ascertained, as is'there-in mentioned : and whereas since passing of the said last in part recited act, it has been doubted, whether the several powers, authorities, directions, rules, methods, penalties, punishments* and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, which were provided, settled, directed, established, or imposed, by any a or acts of parliament made since the eighth year of his late majesty King George the (econd, relating to the felling spirituous liquors by retail without licence, might be lawfully exercised, imposed, inffidled, and recovered, against any person for retailing spirituous liquors without licence: now in order to put an end to such doubts, be it enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, that all and every the powers, authorities, directions, Pow?”» ^c* rules, methods, penalties, punishments, and forfeitures, clauses, establithecTby matters and things, provided, settled, directed, established, or any act or atts imposed by any act or acts of parliament made since the eighth made since year of the reign of his late majesty King George the second re- 8 9eo* ** ** lating to the felling of spirituous liquors by retail without licence retaiing fpiri* (except the forfeiture or penalty of one hundred pounds impo- tuous liquor** fed by an act of the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty without li-King George the second, intituled, An act for laying a duty upon the c*nce (e*cept retailers of spirituous liquors, and for licenjing the retailers thereof) *^ IThiipofid might have been, notwithstanding the said act made in the fifth bya^Geo.a. year of his present Majesty's reign, and may (except as is here- might have in after mentioned) for the future be lawfully exercised, pradti- been, and fed, applied, used, imposed, infiidted, levied, and recovered, in may, notwith* regard to all and every person and persons that have offended or fhaJJ offend against the said several and respective acts, or any of lawfully ex*

them, ercifed.

t^

|54

The power* given to julti-ces of the peace, by Former acts, of tran (porting or whipping pei Ions who retail spirituous liquors without licence, are taken away.

Preamble*

Act 3 Geo, 3<

Further continued to i Feb. ?77°»

Anno nono Georgii III. c. 7,-10. [17

them, made finee the eighth year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the second.

III. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby enabled by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the tenth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, all the powers and authority by the* said former alb, or any of them, to the justices of peace and commisioners of excise respeliively given of transporting or whipping persons conviHed of retailing spirituous liquors without licence, shall cease and be no longer pur in force; any former alt or alts to the contrary notwithstanding,

cap. vn.

All act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

CAP. VIII.

An act for the repairing, improving, and better preserving of the harbour , ana quay of Wells, in the county of Norfolk.

CAP. IX.

An act to continue an act made in the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled.An alb to continue and j

amend an all made in the fifth year of the reign of his ; present Majesty, intituled, An act for importation . of ! failed beef pork, bacon, and , from Ireland, for a

limited time *, and for allowing the importation of beef pork, bacon, and butterfrom the British dominions j

in America, for a limited time.

WHEREAS an act was made in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for importation or salted

beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from for a limited time:

and whereas an act was made in the eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, to continue and amend the said first-me«tioned astand

for allowing the importation of salted beef, and butter,

from the British dominions in America, for a limited time: and whereas it is expedient that the importation of all the said goods and commodities Should be admitted for a longer time than is allowed by the said loft-mentioned aft\ May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's moil excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, (and by the authority of the fame, that the j said alb made in the eighth year t>f his present Majesty's reign, ; intituled, An act to continue and amend an act made in the fifth year \ of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for importation j of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time j and for allowing the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and . butter, from tie British dominions in America, for a limited time,

. shall continue and be in full force and effelt, until the first day of February, one thousand seven hundred and seventy*

CAP- X-

An act for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the street* and lanes in the parish and borough of New Wmdfor, in the county of Jkpks, and for preventing nufances and annoyances therein.

*55

1768.]

Anno nono Georgii III. c. i i?

CAP. XI.

An act for repealing so much of an act made in the seventh and eighth years of the reign of King William inti-

tuled, An act to encourage the bringing plate into the mint to be coined, and for the further remedying the ill state of the coin of the kingdom, as refrains any person keeping an inn, tavern, or victualling-house,

or felling wine, ale, beer, or any other , by retail9

from publickly ujing any wrought or or

any utenjil or vessel thereof, except *, for putting

an end to prosecutions commenced for offences such

part of the said act.

coined, and for the further remedying the ill state of the coin of Will. 3. the kingdom, it was enacted, That from and after the fourth day of May, which Should be in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and ninety fix, no person keeping any , or

victualling-house, or felling wine, ale, or any other by retail, Should publickly use, ar £* in such his or her

house, wrought or manufactured plate , utensil

or vessel thereof ( except spoons) under the penalty of forfeiting the fame, the full value thereof, together with full cofis of to

him, her,or them, who Should sue for the fame: and whereas the said reflection hath been found very inconvenient, and is productive of many frivolous and vexatious suits,and is also detrimental to the revenue: may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the pass- Repeal of so ing of this act, so much of the said act as restrains any person much of the keeping any inn, tavern, alehouse, or victualling-house, or fell- waited aft, at ing wine, ale, beer, or any other liquors, by retail, from pub- JcepewVnd* lickly using, or exposing to be used, in such his or her house, others from any wrought or manufactured plate whatsoever, or any utenlil publickly or vessel thereof, shall be and is hereby repealed and made void ufinS wrought to all intents and purposes whatsoever. tured olate*

II. And be it further enacted by thq authority aforesaid, That.

all and every person and persons whatsoever, against whom any ti” ncofper^* action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, hath been brought fons sued for in any of his Majesty's courts of record at for any penalties in-

penalty incurred by reason of the said act of King William the Jurre^ by tea-third, for having publickly used, or exposed to be used in his, 0 1 c a her, or their house, any wrought or manufactured plate whatsoever, or any utenlil or vessel thereof, shall be, and is and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all Vot. XXVIII. M po

156 Anno nono Georgii III- c.u; [17.68;

penalties and forfeitures incurred for or by reason of having pish-lickly used, or exposed to be used, in his, her, or their house, any wrought or manufactured plate whatsoever, or any utensil or vessel thereof; any thing in the said act of King William the third contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

they paying such cott8 of suit as have been incurred;

except in cases where final judgement shall have been already obtained for the penalty.

Persons sued may plead the general issue.

III. Provided always, That all colts incurred in prosecuting and carrying on any such action of debt, bill, plaint, or infor-irtation, shall be borne and discharged by the person or persons against whom any such action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, hath been brought.

IV\ Provided also,That this aCI, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to indemnify any person against whom final judgement shall have been given in any action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, for any penalty or forfeiture incurred by reason of the said act of King William the third, for having publickly used, or exposed to be used, in his, her, or their house, any wrought or manufactured plate whatsoever, or any utensil or vessel thereof. ' '

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,That in case any action, suit, bill, plaint, or information, shall, from and after the passing of this act, be brought, carried on, or prosecuted, against any person or persons hereby meant or intended to be indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all penalties and forfeitures incurred by reason of the said act of King William the third, for <?r on an account of having publickly used, or exposed to be used, in his, her, or their house, any wrought or manufactured plate whatsoever, or any utensil or vessel thereof, such person or persons may plead the general issue; and, upon their defence, give this act and the (pecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon.

CAP. XII.

An act to indemnify fucbas have omitted to qualify

themselves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that -pose 5 and to indemnify and officers in , cor-

1 porationSy and borough , whose have been

emitted to be stamped according to law, , having been fiampedy have been loft or miftaid, and for allowing them time to provide admtffion duly stamped.

Preamble, re- TT7 HERE AS divers persons who, on account of their ,

citing the fe- VV employments>or profeffio or any other cause or occasion %

yeral qualify- ought to have taken and subsertbe the oaths, or the , -

ingattsof tively appointed to be by such persons taken and , in and by

an act made in the first year of the reign of his late majesty King 1 Geo. 1. George the first, of glorious , , An act for the fur-

ther security of his Majesty's person and government, and the fucccfiion of the crown in the heirs of the late princess t

I being

157

*768.] Anno nono Georgii III. C. 12V

being protestants; and for extingiylhing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open and secret abettors; or to have qualified themselves according to an act made in the thirteenth ij Car. ». year of the reign of King Charles the feco, , An act for the well governing and regulating corporations; or to have - *5 Car. 1. lifted themfelvls according to another act made in the twenty fifth year

of the reign of King Charles the second, , An act for preventing the dangers which may happen from popish recusants, by receiving the fact ament of the Lord's supper according to the usage of the church of England, and making and the declaration

against transubstantiation therein mentioned; or according to another 30 Car. s.

act made in the thirtieth year of the reign of King Charles the , intituled, An act for the more effectual preserving the King's person and government, by disabling papists from fitting in either house of parliament; or according to another act made in the eighth g Gco f year of the reign of his late majesty King George the ,

An act for granting the people called Q such forms of affirmation or declaration as may remove the difficulties which a. many of them lie under 5 or according to another act made in the* ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the , /«-tituledy An act for indemnifying persons who have omitted ta-qualify themfelve§ for offices within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose 3 and for amending so much of an act passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, as requires persons to qualify themselves for offices before the end of the next term or quarter sessions; and also for enlarging the time limited by law for making and subscribing the declaration against transubstantiation; aAd for allowing a further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by papists 3 and for relief of protestant purchasers, devisees, and lessees 5 or 18 Geo. a. according to another act made„ in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the second, intituled, An act to amend, and render more effectual an act passed in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the further qualification of justices of the peace; or according to another act made in the fe- % Geo. j. tond year of the reign of his present Majesty, , An act to ex-

plain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament the several Jaws now in being relating to the railing and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England 5 or according antj $ Qe<s to another act made in the sixth year of the reign of his present -jejly, intituled, An act for altering the oath of abjuration and the

assurance; and for amending so much of an act made in the seventh year of her late majesty Queen , intituled, An act for the improvement of the union of the two , as after the time

therein limited, requires the delivery of certain lifts and copies therein mentioned to persons indided of high treason, or milpri-fion of treason; have, through ignorance of the , absence> or some unavoidable accident, omitted to take ana subscribe the said oaths and assurance, and make and subscribe the declaration required by ,

or otherwise to qualify themselves as aforesaid, within such , and $u such manner, as in and by the said acts , or by any

M %

158

Anno nono Georgii III. c. 12J [1768.

other act of parliament in that , is required 5 whereby they

have incurred, ar may be in danger divers penalties and

disabilities: for quieting the minds of his Majesty's subjects, and for preventing any inconveniencies that might otherwise happen by means of such omissions, be it enabled by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all and every Persons who person or persons who at, or before, the passing of this act, hath, at, or before, or shall have, omitted to take and subscribe the said oaths and th* Past ”h of declarations, or to receive the sacrament of the Lord's supper, omitted to^ or ot^erwife to qualify him, her, or themselves, within such qualify them- time, and in such manner, as in and by the said acts, or any selves for of of them, or by any other act of parliament in that behalf made, fices and em- \s required; and who, after accepting any such office, place, or the^Tws di-38 employment, or undertaken any profession or thing, on account red, &c* of which such qualification ought to have been had and is required, before the 1 passing of this act, hath or have taken and subscribed the said oaths, or made the declarations required by law,' and also received the sacrament of the Lord's supper ac-and who shall cording to the usage of the church of England 5 or who, on or duly qualify before the twenty fifth day of , one thousand seven

or^fore^11 hundred and sixty nine, shall take and subscribe the said oaths, Dec. 1769,5 declarations, and afTurance respectively, in such cases wherein by law the said oaths, declarations, and afTurance, ought to have 1 been taken or subscribed, in such manner and form, and at or

in such place or places, as are appointed in and by the said act made in the first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the first, or by any other act or a<5ts of parliament in that behalf made and provided; and also hath or have received, or shall, on or before the said twenty fifth day of , one thousand

seven hundred and sixty nine, receive the sacrament of the Lord's supper according to the usage of the church of in such cases wherein the said sacrament ought to have been received ; and hath or have made and subscribed, or shall, on or before the said twenty fifth day of , one thousand seven

hundred and sixty nine, make and subscribe the said declaration against transubstantiation; and also hath or have made and subscribed, or shall, on or before the said twenty fifth day of -her9 one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, make and subscribe the said declaration in the said Statute made in the thirtieth year of King Charles the second, in such cases wherein the said declarations ought to have been made and subscribed: and take fend subscribe the oath directed by the said act made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the second, in such cases wherein the said oath ought to have been taken and subscribed, in such manner as by the said act is directed ; and also being a deputy lieutenant, or officer of the militia, shall, on or before the said twenty fifth day of one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, leave his qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace, with whom he is by

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c.i2» 159

the said act made, in the second year of his present Majesty's areindemni-reign, required to leave the fame; shall be and are hereby in- *?ed *or any demnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all penalties, om^n™01** forfeitures, incapacities, and disabilities, incurred, or to be in- 1 currred, for or by reason of any neglect or omission, previous to and recapa* the passing of this a d, of taking or subscribing the said oaths or citated § assurance, or receiving the sacrament, or making or subscribing the said declarations, or taking or subscribing the said oath, or leaving his qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace respectively, according to the above-mentioned acts, or any of them, or any other act or acts; and such person and persons is and are, and shall be, fully and actually recapacitated and re-(lored to the lame (late and condition as he, (he, or they, were in before such neglect or omission, and shall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her, or themselves, accord* ing to the above-mentioned acts, and every of them 5 and that a.n<*c]cc* all elections of, and acts done, or to be done, by any such per- to be

son or persons, or by authority derived from him, her, or them, donelbythem, are and shall be of the fame force and validity as the fame, or &c. are de-any of them, would have been, if such person or persons respec- cl^jd tot* tively had taken the said oaths or assurance, and received the fa- they had be-crament of the lord's supper, and made and subscribed the said fore duly qua-declarations, and taken and subscribed the said oath, and left his lifted them-qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace, according to Jdves as the direction of the said acts, and every or any of them 5 and ^ diredi that the qualification of such person or persons qualifying them- 1

selves in manner, and within the time, appointed by this act,

shall be, to all intents and purposes, as effectual, as if such person or persons had respectively taken the said oaths and assurance, and received the sacrament, and made and subscribed the said declaration, and taken and subscribed the said oath, and left his qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace, within the time, and in the manner, appointed by the several acts before-mentioned.

II. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein con- except in such tained, shall not extend, nor be construed to extend, to indem- cases where nify any person against whom final judgement shall have been

given in any action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any en jn

of his Majesty's courts of record, for any penalty incurred by any court for having neglected to qualify himself within the time limited by the penalty ]aW' incurred by

III. And whereas the appointments of divers clerks of the peace, town clerks, and other publick officers, and the admis-(ions of divers members and officers of cities, corporations, and borough towns, or the entries of such admifltons in the court books, rolls, or records,of such cities, corporations, and borough towns, which, by several acts of parliament, are directed and required to be damped, may not have been provided, or the -

fame not duly damped, or may have been lost or mislaid } be it Town clerks, further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, for the relief of and other pub-such persons whole appointments and admissions, the entries hc officer**

M3 of

v^

and persons, whole appointments, and admissions, or entries of ad-

duly stampt 5 or which nave been loft or xniflaid ; providing, &e. the fame on or before a 5 Pec* 1769,

160 Anno nono Georgii III. c. 13,14; £ 768.

of whose admissions, as aforesaid, may not have been provided, or not duly damped, or where the fame have been lost or mislaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such persons, on or before the said twenty fifth day of , one thousand seven hun-

dred and sixty nine, to provide, or cause to be provided, ap-milTionsinthe pointments and admissions, or entries of admissions, as afore-may^othave duly damped, or in case where such appointments, ad-been provid- millions, or entries of admissions as aforesaid, have been made or provided, but have not been duly stamped, to produce such appointments, admissions, or entries of admissions, as aforesaid, to the commisioners appointed to inspect and manage the revenues of the stamp duties, to be duly stamped ; which said commisioners are hereby authorized, impowered, and required, to duly (lamp, on payment of the duties first payable, or to have been paid, on such appointments, admissions, or entries of admissions, as aforesaid, without any fine or forfeiture thereon ; are confirmed and such persons so providing appointments, admissions, or en-|n their offices, tries Qf admissions, as aforesaid, duly stamped, or procuring the fame to be duly stamped, in manner aforesaid, are and shall be hereby confirmed and qualified to act as^clerk. of the peace, \ town clerk, or other publick officer, or member or members, officer or officers, of such cities, corporations, and borough towns respectively, to all intents and purposes 5 and" shall and may hold and enjoy, and execute, such offices, or any other office or offices, into which he or they hath or have been elected, notwithstanding his or their omission, or the omission of any of their predecessors, in such cities, corporations, or boroqgh towns, as aforesaid ; and shall be indemnified and discharged of and from all incapacities, disabilities, forfeitures, penalties, and damages, by reason of any such omission ; and none of his or their acts shall be questioned or avoided by reason of the fame.

IV. Provided always, that this act, or any thing herein con-a*r*acty rd' ta*ne(*' not extend, or be construed to extend, tq restore ment of a" or any person or persons to any office or employment, be-coort, and le- nefice, matter, or thing whatsoever, already actually avoided by gaily filled up, judgement of any of his Majesty's courts of record, or already confirmed. legally filled up and enjoyed by any other person ; but that such office, employment, benefice, matter, or thing, so avoided, or legally filled up and enjoyed, shall be and remain in and to the person or persons who is or are now, or shall, at the passing of this act, be legally intitled to the fame, as if this act had never been made.

CAP. XIII.

An act for the better paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching, the liberty of Saint Martin Le Grand, within the city and liberty of Westmin>-fter, in the county of Middlesex j and for preventing obstructions and annoyances therein.

CAP. XIV.

An act for appointing commisioners for putting in execution an afTof this session of parliament, intituled. aSi granting an aid to his Ma* jefiy by a land tax, to be raised in Great , for the of the year

one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine; and for securing and preserving duplicates of aflefimems, and other papers relating to the land tax.

CAP

and indemnified, notwithstanding such omission.

Offices, &c.

i6i

*768.] Anno nono GesRGH III. c.15,16.

CAP. XV.

An act for raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine.

Preamble. Treasury impowered to raise any sum, not exceeding t,8oo,ooo1. by loans or exchequer bills; in the same manner as by the malt act of this session is prescribed, with respect to loans or exchequer bills thereby au« thorized.to be taken or made. The clauses in the said act relating to loans or bills, extended to this act. Exchequer bills so issued, not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged, before 6 April, 1770.

Action not to lie for such refusal. The money so raised, to be repaid out of the next parliamentary aids; if none be granted before 5July, 1770, then to be charged on the sinking fund. Monies so issued, to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank of England authorized to advance the said sum on the credit of this act; notwithstanding aft 5 &

CAP. XVI.

An act to amend and render more effectual an act made in the twenty first year of the reign of King James the intituled, An act for the general quiet of the subjects against all pretences of concealment whatsoever. »

WHEREAS an act of parliament was made and passed in the Preamble#

twenty first year of the reign of King James the , intitu- Jac.i*

led. An act for the general quiet of the subject against all pre* fences of concealment whatsoever; and thereby the right and title of the King,his heirs and successors, in and to all ,

nements, tythes, and hereditaments, (< except liberties and franchises)

were limited to sixty years next before the beginning of the said feffort of parliament; and other provisions and regulations were therein ,

for securing to all his Majestfs subjects the free and quiet enjoyment

of all manors, lands, and hereditaments, which , or those under

whom they claimed, respectively had, held, or , or whereof

they had taken the rents, revenues, issues, or , for the of

sixty years next before the beginning of the said JeJfion of parliament: and whereas the said act is now, by efflux of , become ineffectual to answer the good end and purpose of securing the general quiet of the subject against all pretences of concealment whatsoever: wherefore be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the afient and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament adembled, and by the au- djfabledTo thority of the fame. That the King's majesty, his heirs, or fuc-sue, or im-ceffors, shall not, at any time hereafter, sue, impeach, question, plead any per-or implead, any person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, son> for any for or in any wise concerning any manors, lands, tenements, ^hcrediu- ** rents, tythes, or hereditaments whatsoever (other than liberties ment$,&e.* or franchises) or for or in any wise concerning the revenues, where the issues, or profits thereof, or make any title, claim, challenge, right hath or demand, of, in, or to the fame, or any of them, by reason not, or shall of any right or title which hath not first accrued and grown, or which shall not hereafter first accrue and grow within the space of^Wf sixty years next before the filing, issuing, or commencing, of every years next such action, bill, plaint, information, commission, or otl>er suit before the

i6z Anno nono Georgii III, c.iff. [1768:

or proceeding, as shall at any time or times hereafter be filed, ifled, or commenced, for recovering the fame, or in re(pe& thereof $ unless his Majesty, or some of his progenitors, prede-ceflors, or ancestors, heirs, or successors, or some other person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, under whom his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, any thing hath or lawfully claim-eth, or shall have or lawfully claim, have or shall have been answered by force and virtue of* any such right or title to the fame, the rents, revenues, issues, or profits thereof, or the rents, i£-sues, or profits of any honour, manor, or other hereditament, whereof the premisses in question shall be part or parcel, within the said space of sixty years; or tjiat the fame have or shall have b^en duly in charge to his Majesty, or some of his progenitors, predecessors, or ancestors, heirs, or successors, or have or shall and the sub- have flood insuper of record within the said space of sixty years : je& secured m an(j that an and every, person or persons, bodies politic and cor-outoeniov- Porate> their heirs and successors, and all claiming by, from, or ment thereof, under them, or any of them, for and according to their and as well against every of their several estates and interests which they have, or the crown,&c. claim to have, or shall or may have or claim to have, in the fame respectively, shall, at all times hereafter, quietly and freely have, hold, and enjoy, against his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-ceflors, claiming by any title which hath not first accrued or grown, or which shall not hereafter first accrue or grow, within the said space of sixty years, all and Angular manors, lands, tenements, rents, tythes, and hereditaments whatsoever, (except liberties and franchises) which he or they, or his or their, or any of their ancestors or predecessors, or those from, by, or under whom they do or shall claim, have or shall have held or enjoyed, or taken the rents, revenues, issues, or profits thereof, by the space of sixty years next before the filing, issuing, or commencing of every such action, bill, plaint, information, commission, or other suit or proceeding as shall at any time or times hereafter be filed, issued, or commenced, for recovering the fame, or in respect thereof $ unless his Majesty, or some of his progenitors, predecessors, or ancestors, heirs, or successors, or some other person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, by, from, or under whom his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, any *[ ' " thing hath or lawfully claimeth, or shall have or lawfully claim, in the said manors, lands, tenements, rents, tythes, or hereditaments, by force of any right or title, have been or shall have been answered, by virtue of any such right or title, the rents,

* revenues, issues, or other profits thereof, within the said

space of sixty years ; or that the fame have or shall have been duly in charge, or flood insuper of record as aforesaid, within the said space of sixty years: and furthermore that all and every person or persons, bodies politic and corporate, their heirs^ and successors, and all claiming or to claim by, from, or under them, or any of them, for and according to their and every of their several estates and interests which they have or claim, or shall or may have or claim, respectively, shall, for ever hereafter, quiet-

Jy

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. iff. 163

ly and freely have, hold, and enjoy, all such manors, lands, tenements, repts, tythes, and hereditaments (except liberties and franchises) as they now have, claim, or enjoy, or hereafter shall or may have, claim, or enjoy, whereof his Majesty, his progenitors, predecessors, or ancestors, or whereof his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, or he or they by, from, or under whom his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, any thing hath or lawfully claimeth, or shall have or lawfully claim, or fame of them, by force of some right or title to the fame, have not or shall not have been answered, by virtue of such right or tide, the rents, revenues, issues, or profits thereof, within the space of sixty years next before the filing, issuing, or commencing of every such action, bill, plaint, information, commission, or other suit or proceeding as shall at any time or times hereafter be filed, issued, or commenced, for recovering the fame, or in tefpedt thereof, nor the fame have been nor shall have been duly in charge, or flood insuper of record as aforesaid, within the said space of sixty years, against all and every person and persons, as against all their heirs ana assigns, having, claiming, or pretending to have, perlonsclaim-or who shall or may have, claim, or pretend to have any estate, o^interest * right, title, interest, claim, or demand whatsoever, of, in, or therein, by to the fame, by force or colour of any letters patents or grants, colour of any upon suggestion of concealment or wrongful detaining, or not be-,etters patent, ing in charge, or defective titles, or by, from, or under, any ” patentees or grantees, or any letters patents or grants, upon fug- of conceal-gestion of concealment or wrongful detaining, or not being in ment, wrong-charge, or defective titles, of or for which said manors, lands, detaining, tenements, rents, tythes, and hereditaments, or any of them, no verdi<5t, judgement, decree, judicial order upon nearing, or whick sentence of any court now {landing in force, hath been had or hat^no^or given, or any such verdict, judgement, decree, judicial order shall not be upon hearing, or sentence of court, shall hereafter be had or given for the

fiven, in any a<5fion, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his ?'own wiring dajesty's courts at Westminster, for or in the name of the King's fore the8 commajesty, or any of his ancestors, progenitors, predecessors, heirs, mencing such or successors, or for any of the said patentees or grantees, or for suit. their or any of their heirs or assigns, within tho space of sixty years next before the filing, issuing, or commencing of every such action, bill, plaint, information, commission, or other suit or proceeding as shall at any time or times hereafter be filed, iiTued, or commended, for recovering the fame, or in respect thereof as aforesaid.

II. Provided always, and be it enabled. That where the rents, in what cases revenues, issues, or profits of any manors, lands, tenements, the rents and tythes, or hereditaments, are or shall be in charge by, to, orProfit8/>f ®a-with any auditor or auditors, of other proper officer or officers Adeemed to of the revenue, such rents, revenues, issues, and profits, shall be duly in be held, deemed, and taken to be duly in charge within the charge, meaning and intent of this act; any usage or custom to the contrary not with (landing

III. Pro-

t

v^

164. Anno nono Georgii III. c. i6V £176^

Cafes wherein* III. Provided always, That this act, or any thing therein con-reversions, or tained, shall not extend to bar, impeach, or hinder his Maje-th^crowTof heirs, or successors, of, for, or from, any manors, te-

any manors, nements, rents, tythes, or hereditaments, whereof any reversion &c. are not li- or remainder now is in his Majesty, for or concerning the said able *° im“ reversion or remainder j nor or, for, or from any reversion or thisCactc. * remainder, or possibility of reversion or remainder, in any of his Majesty's progenitors, or predecessors, or ancestors, which by the expiration, end, or other determination of any limited estate of fee-simple, or of any fee-tail or other particular estate, hath or ought to have first fallen or become in poflefllon, or which shall or may or ought hereafter first to fall or come in possession, within the space of sixtyyears next before the filing, issuing, or commencing of any such action, bill, plaint, information, commission, or other suit or proceeding as shall at any time or times hereafter be filed, issued, or commenced, for recovering the fame, or in respe<5t thereof; nor of, for, or from any right or title first: accrued or grown to his Majesty, or any of his progenitors, pre-decessors, or ancestors, or which shall first accrue or grow to his Majesty, or any of his heirs, or successors, of, in, or to, any manors, lands, tenements, rents, tythes, or hereditaments, at any time or times within the space of sixty years next before the filing, issuing, or commencing, of any such action, bill, plaint, information, commission, or other suit or proceeding as shall at any time or times hereafter be filed, issued, or commenced, for recovering the fame, or in respect thereof, and not before. Limitation of IV. Provided also, and be it enabled by authority of this pre-the act with sent parliament. That this aor any thing therein contained, respea to shall not extend to any manors, lands, tenements, rents, tythes,

* thecrown^f or hereditaments, mentioned to be granted or conveyed by any any limited of his Majesty's progenitors, predecessors, or ancestors, or by estate, &c, any other under whom his Majesty claimeth, to any person or persons, of any limited estate in fee-simple, or of any estate in tail, or other particular estate, which several estates (if the fame ha<^ been good and effectual in law) have or ought to have first fallen or become in poffelfion, or will or ought first to fall or come in possession, within the space of sixty years next before the filing, issuing, or commencing, of any such action, bill, plaint, information, commission, or other suit or proceeding as shall at any time or times hereafter be filed, issued, or commenced, for recovering the fame, or in respe# thereof as aforesaid ; nor to any manors, lands, tenements, rents, tythes, or hereditaments, mentioned to be granted or conveyed by any of his Majesty's progenitors, predecessors, or ancestors, or by any other under whom his Majesty claimeth, to any person or persons in fee-tail, or other particular estate, whereof the reversion or inheritance (if such estate tail, or other particular estate, had been good and effectual in law) fhauld have been and continued in his Majesty, or any of his progenitors, predecessors, or ancestors, or Should or ought hereafter to be and continue in his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, at any time within the space of sixty years next before the filing, issuing, or commencing of any such

a&idn,

176B.J Anno nono Georgii IIL c.16. 5

action, bill, plaint, information, commission, or other suit or proceeding as shall at any time or times hereafter be filed, iflu-ed, or commenced, for recovering the fame, or in respect thereof as aforesaid.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority of this The raid ma-present parliament. That all and singular the said manors, lands, nors, &c. to* tenements, and hereditaments, shall at all times hereafter be be holden of holden of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and of otherthe crown up-person and persons, bodies politic and corporate, their heirs and °enur|8U fer-ihcceflors respectively, by the fame tenures, services, fee-farms, vices, and chief rents, heriots, and other duties, to all intents and purpo- duties,

fes, as the fame Should or ought of right to have been holden if the estates, rights, and interests, established and made sure by this present act, had been, before the making of this act, firm, good, and effectual in law.

VI. Saving to every person and persons, bodies politic and General refer-corporate," their heirs and successors (other than his mod excel-vation of lent Majesty, his heirs and successors, and other than all paten- fights.

tecs or grantees of concealments, or defective titles, and all and every person or persons claiming from, by, or under them, or any of them, for or in respect or by reason of any such patents or grants of concealments, or de(edive titles) all such rights, title, interest, estate, rents, commons, customs, duties, profits, and other claims and demands whatsoever, in, to, or out of the said manors, lands, tenements, tythes, or hereditaments, as they or any of them had or ought to have had before the making of this act; any thing in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where any fee pr0vjf10n fop farm relit, or other relit or rents, have been or shall be answer- securing to ed and actually paid to the King's majesty, or to any his prede- the crown ceflors, heirs, or successors, within the space of sixty years next such fee farm before any action, bill, plaint, information, commission, or^rc°aSehavet8# other suit or proceeding, shall at any time or times hereafter be been paid filed, issued, or commenced, for recovering the fame, or in re- within a limit-sped thereof, out of any manors, lands, tenements, or heredi- ed fi^-laments, of which manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments,

the estates, rights, or interests being defective, are established and made sure by this present act, that the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, shall from henceforth for ever have, hold, and enjoy the said rents, and arrearages thereof, in such manner and form, and as fully and amply, as the fame are or were enjoyed at any time within the said space of sixty years.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in Right under this act contained shall extend or be prejudicial to the right, title, any grant or claim, of any person or persons in or to any manors, lands,from the tenements, or hereditaments, by virtue of or under any grant manors, 4c”* or grants, letters patent or letters patents, from any of his Ma- made before jesty's progenitors, ancestors, or predecessors, or by virtue of or 1 Jan. 1769, under any grant or grants, letters patent or letters patents, from £ot prejudiced his Majesty, made or passed before the first day of January> one by

thou-

661 Anno nono Georgii III. c.i [i 76S;

if prosecuted thousand (even hundred and sixty nine; so as such right, title, within a year. or c]aim, be prosecuted with efFeift by bill, plaint, information, or other suit or proceeding, in some of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminsiery within the space of one year from the first

day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine. Right of the IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this crown to any act contained shall extend or be prejudical to any right, title, or withm dtie claim, which his Majesty now hath to any lands, tenements, or manor of East hereditaments, within the manor of East , in the

Greenwich, county of Kent; or to any mefiuages, lands, tenements, or he-or diftria of reditaments, within the precinct, district, or liberty, common-the Savoy, ]y called The Savoy, in the county of Middlesex; or to any-the manors, mefiuages, advowsons, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and appurtenances, being the estate and poflefiion of the late hospital of the , or of the mafier and chaplains not prejudic- of the said hospital; so as such right, tit(e, or claim, be profeed, cuted with effect by bill, plaint, information, or other suit or

proceeding, in some of his Majesty's courts of record at West-»f prosecuted minster, within the space of two years from the first day of Ja-within a years. nuary,,one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine.

Provi6on de- X. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority of daring what this present parliament. That no putting in charge, nor stand-not be°deem- *n6 infupery nor taking or answering the farm rents, revenues, *d a putting or profits of any of the said manors, lands, tenements, or he-in charge, reditaments, by force, colour, or pretext of any letters patent itanding or grants of concealments, or defective titles, or of manors, insuper, or iands, tenements, or hereditaments, out of charge, or by force, fwering°by or c°l°ur> or pretext, of any inquisitions, jirefentments, by or by to the crown, reason of any commission or other authority to find out conceal-&c. ments, defediive titles, or lands, tenements, or hereditaments

out of charge, shall be deemed, construed, or taken to be a putting in charge, (landing or taking or answering the

farm rents, revenues, or profits by or to his Majesty, or any of his progenitors or predecessors, heirs or successors; unless thereupon such manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, have been or shall be, upon some information or suit, on the behalf of his Majesty, or some of his progenitors or predecessors, heirs, or successors, upon a lawful verdict given or to be given, or demurrer in law adjudged, or upotrar hearing, ordered or decreed for his Majesty, or some 01 his progenitors or predecef-fors, heirs, or successors, or of some of them, within the space of sixty years next before the filing, issuing, or commencing of every such action, bill, plaint, information, commission, or other suit or proceeding as shall at any time or times hereafter be filed, issued, or commenced, for recovering the fame, or in respect thereof as aforesaid.

CAP.

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. 0.17,18. 167

CAP. XVII.

An act for enabling his Majesty to licence a playhouse in the city of York *, and in the town and county of the town of Kingston upon Hull.

WHEREAS a licenced playhouse is much wanted in the city of York; and in the town and county of the town of Kingston upon Hull; may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That so much of an act of parliament which paited in the tenth year of his late Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to explain and amend so much of an act C|ause \n made in the twelfth year of the reign of Spueen Anne, intituled, An 1Q Geo. ».'re-act for reducing the laws relating to rogues, , Jlurdy - pealed with gars, and vagrants, into one act of parliament; and for the more d**

tffefiual punchingfuch rogues, vagabonds, , and - townof

grants, and fending them whither they ought to be sent; whereby Kingston up-all persons are discharged to represent any entertainment of the on Hull, stage whatever, in virtue of letters patent from his Majesty, or by licence from the lord chamberlain of his Majesty's houshold for the time being, except within the liberties of or

where his Majesty is residing for the time being, be, and the lame is hereby repealed with respect to the said city of York, and town and county of the town of Kingston upon Hull respectively : and that it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his The crown heirs, and successors, to grant letters patent for establishing a impow ered to theatre or playhouse within the said city of , and within 'the l®tter* said town and county of the town of Kingston upon Hull respec- establf(h?ng a lyj both which playnoufes shall be intitled to all the privileges, theatre in and Subjected to all the regulations, to which any theatre or each of those playhouse in Great Britain is intitled and Subjected. place*.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for amending and further continuing an act of the sixth year of his present Majesty's , , An

act to amend and render more effectual, in his Majesty's dominions' in America, an act passed in this present session of parliament, intituled, An act for -ingmutiny and desertion,and for the better payment of the

army and their quarters.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the sixth year of his present Preamble, re-Majestys reign, intituled, An act to amend and render citing aft

more effectual, in his Majesty's dominions in , an act 6 Geo*

passed in this present session of parliament, intituled, An act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters; which act was to continue and be in force^ in all his Majesty's dominions in America, from the twenty fourth

day

L.oooLe

168

The receited act further continued to *4. March* 1771.

Limitation of this act, touching the quartering the forces, or iupplying them in their quarters, and furnUhing . carriages on their marches.

Anno nono Georgii III. C.19. [176S

day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, until the twenty fourth day of March, seven hundred and sixty eighi; and which act has been further eon tinued by several subsequent a Sts of parliament until the twenty fourti day of March, one thousand seven hundred and and where-]

as it has been found necessary that the act Should be continued for a further term; may it therefore please your mod excellent} Majesty, that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the1. King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame* That the said act; shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the twenty fourth day of , one thousand seven hundred and seventy one.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing contained in this or any other act by this act continued, touching the quartering Ais Majesty's forces, and the supplying them in their quarters, and the furnishing carriages on marches, and on other necessary occasions, shall extend or be construed to extend to any province, colony, or plantation, during such time as any law of such province, colony, or plantation, which shall have received the confirmation of his Majesty in council, shall be in force, for providing quarters for his MajestyV officers and soldiers, and for fumilhing them in their quarters, and for providing carriages for them on

Bireftions with respect to providing quarters for troops, as well on their march, as when stationed in any place.

marches, or on any other necetiary occasion, within such province, colony, or plantation.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever, any troops shall march through or be stationed in any place in North America, it shall and may be lawful for the civil magi-

strates, select men, or other person orperfons (appointed by act of parliament, or by any law of such province, colony, or plantation, as aforesaid, to quarter and make provision for troops) as likewise for the officer commanding the troops so marching or stationed as aforesaid, by mutual agreement, signed by the respective parties, to provide quarters for the said troops, in any manner most convenient to them and to the country, any act or thing to the contrary notwithstanding, so as that no expence be brought on the crown by such agreement.

CAP. XIX.

An act to tmpower the high court of Chancery to lay , upon government securities, a further sum of , not exceeding a sum therein , out of the common and

general cash in the bank England belonging to the suitors of the said court; and to apply the interest arising therefrom towards answering the charges of the office of the accountant general of the said .

Preamble, re- WT H E R E A § by an act of parliament passed in the twelfth year citing dailies YY of the reign of his late majesty King GeQrge the ,

C^

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 19. 169

titukdy An act to impower the high court of Chancery to lay in aft 1 a Geo. out, upon proper securities, any monies, not exceeding a sum *■N therein limited, out of the common and general cash in the bank of England belonging to the suitors of the said court, for the ease of the said suitors, by applying the interest arising therefrom for answering the charges of the office of the account- , general of the said court 5 a provision is made for the support and maintenance of the office of accountant general the court of Chan-

eery, by dire fling certain payments to be made in the manner therein mentioned to the said accountant general and his two clerks for their falarieSy in lieu of and in recompence for, all fees whatsoever that would be due and payable to the said office by the suitors: and as by'another act of parliament passed in the fourth year of the reign and act 4. Geo. of his present Majesty> intituled, An act to impower the high j. court of Chancery to lay out, upon proper securities, a further sum of money, not exceeding a sum therein limited, out of the common and general cash in the bank of England belonging to the suitors of the said court; and for applying the interest arising therefrom towards answering the charges of the office of the accountant general of the said court; a further provision is made for the support and.maintenance of the said , by dire fling a cer-

tain payment to be made in the manner therein mentioned to the said accountant genera?sthird clerk for his [ala, lieu of and in recompense for, all fees whatsoever: and whereas fmee the passing the said last mentioned a fly the money and effeflbelonging to the suitors of the said courty under the care and direflion of the said accountant generaly are greatly increased; by reason whereof the necessary business of the said office is grown so extensive and laboriousy that the previsions made by the said acts are become inadequate to the -ancey troubky and importance of the said office^ and inefficient to answer the charges attending the execution thereof: wherefore, in order to make a further provision for the said office, be it en-a<5ied by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temppral, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That out of the cash that now lies, or shall Court of hereafter lie, dead and unemployed in the bank of England be- Chancery im-longing to the suitors of the court of Chancery, a sum not ex- P°wcrc<1 to ceeding twenty thousand pounds shall and may, by virtue of any order or orders of the said court to be made for that pur- securities, pose from'time to time, be placed out in one entire sum, or in 20,0001. of parcels, in such government or parliamentary securities as in the suitors and by such order or- orders shall be directed ; to the intent ln that the interest and annual produce arising from the money so * to be placed out as aforesaid may be applied for the purposes herein after mentioned; and that the said court of Chancery may, and to'change by order or orders of the said courr, from time to time, change *he fec.untJJ the security or securities in which the said monies shall be so 0

placed out, as the said court shall think expedient.

II. And be it further enacted, That the interest and annual The interest produce arising from the said securities shall, from time to time, to be received

be by the bank.

v^

170

and placed the suitors credits

is to be paid in salaries j viz.

2501. to the accountant general;

501. to his ifrft clerk 5 401. to his second clerk3 and i*ol. to his fourth clerk 3 free from taxes, and in lieu of all fees :

The reiidue

Anno nono Georgii III* C: 19. [1768.

to be received by the governor and company of the bank of England, and placed to the credit of the fame account which was raised in the books kept there, for the suitors of the said court, by virtue of the said act herein before flrft mentioned, of interest arising from money placed out in pursuance of the said act; out of which, and that out of such interest and annual produce there shall be 4601. per ann. pajdf by quarterly payments, the annual sum of four hundred and sixty pounds; which payment shall be made by the govern* nor and company of the bank of , by virtue of an or-

der or orders of the court of Chancery to be made for that purpose $ videlicet, To the accountant general of the court of

eery, the sum of two hundred and fifty pounds j to his first clerk, the sum of fifty pounds; to his fe^ond clerk, the sum of forty pounds ; and to his fourth clerk, the sum of one hundred and twenty pounds; which said salaries shall commence from the eighth day of April in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, and shall, together with the salaries appointed by the said act herein before mentioned, be free from parliamentary taxes, and in lieu of, and in recompence and satisfaction for, all fees whatsoever which from that time shall or would be due or payable to the said office by the suitors; and that the residue of the interest and annual produce arising , . , from the said securities shall be accounted for as herein after

lo«co™nt.8 mentioned.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared.

If the whole, That if at any time hereafter the whole or any part of the said theafoIdPfum°f ^um twenty thousand pounds shall be wanted to answer any be wanted to of the demands of the suitors of the said court of Chancery;

answer the then, and in such case, the said court may and shall direct the

suitors de- fame, or any part thereof, to be called in, or the securities in

court may which the fame shall be placed to be disposed of; in order that

call it in/ the suitors of the said court may at all times be paid their re-

spective demands out of the common and general cash belonging to such suitors.

IV. And whereas the interest arising from the securities purchased

in pursuance of the said before recited acts of , and alfi

from the securities purchased in pursuance of another act of parliament

Act 5 Geo. 3. passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty,

An act to impower the high court of Chancery to lay out, upon government securities, a (urn of money therein mentioned, out of the common and general cash in the bank of England belonging to the suitors of the said court, and to apply the interest arising therefrom towards augmenting the income of the masters of the said court, is more than sufficient to pay and satisfy the salaries directed to be paid by the said acts; be it further enacted. The fur plus That the surplus interest that hath arisen, and shall or may interest upon arise, from the securities purchased and to be purchased in pur-the securities, fuarice of the said acts of parliament, and of this prefept aft, pursuance of together with the interest that shall be produced from the fecu-the recited rities to be purchased with such surplus interest, shall or may,

acts, by any order or orders of the said court of vto be made

for

*

*768.] Anno nono G^orgii III. c. 20* iji

for that purpose, from time to time, be placed out on govern- to be placed ment securities ; and that the interest or annual produce arising °“t# tyor^er from the said securities shall, from time to time, be received by °n(!j the°jnte-the governor and company of the bank of $ and so much re(t thtreof to

thereof as shall arise from securities to be purchased with the be received by surplus interest, produced and to be produced from securities the bank,and purchased in pursuance of the said acts of the twelfth year of count. l° the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and of the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and to be purchased in pursuance of this present act, shall be placed to the credit of an account, to be raised in the books kept at the bank for the suitors of the said court, of securities purchased with the surplus money placed to the accbunt of interest arising from monies placed out in pursuance of an act of parliament passed in the twelfth year of his late majesty King George the Second ; and so much thereof as shall arise from securities to be purchased with the surplus interest, produced and to be produced from securities purchased in pursuance of the said act of the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, shall be placed to the credit of an accounr, to be raised in the said books kept in the bank, of securities purchased with the surplus money

placed to the account of interest arising from monies placed out in pursuance of an act of parliament passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

CAP. XX.

An act to enable the justices of the peace in the general quar-

ter sessions of their respective counties and divijions to repair the Shire halls9 county halls9 or other ,

wherein the affixes or grand sessions are usually held.

WHEREAS doubts have arisen in fevered counties within the Preambled kingdom of England, and principality of Wales, whether there be any lawful authority for the repairing Shire halls9 or other buildings usually made use of for the holding the affixes or grand fef~ fions within such counties : for the clearing such doubts, and for making provision for repairing the fame whenever it shall bene-ceflary, may it please your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enabled by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it shall and may be lawful for the The justices justices of the peace in their respective general or quarter sessions, at their quar-or the greater part of them then and there assembled, within ter *'ffions the limits of their commissions, upon presentment of the grand '^°wcr-jury at the assizes or great sessions, or general gaol delivery held preferment for the said county at their Shire hall, or other building usually of the grand made use of for the holding the assizes or great sessions within at such county, of the ill (late and condition of any such Shire a 2es* c* hall, or other building, and the necessity of repairing the fame, to order and direct, in pursuance of such presentment, such Vow XXVIII, N Shire

ij2 Anno nono Georgii III/ c. 20; (1768 a

to repair such Shire hall, or other building, to be repaired in such manner as Sc^afShatl be *n t^c*r discretions shall think fit 5 and shall assess and rate presented to all and every sum and sums of money which shall be laid out themtobeout-and expended in repairing the fame upon the several hundreds, of repair, See. lathes, wapentakes, rapes, cities, towns, parishes, townships, and to make wards, or other divisions, of the said county; and to cause and a rate for de- 6\re£t the fame to be collected, levied, and paid, and the fame charges* * be collected, levied, and psrtd, in t)ie same manner, and

thereof, to be by and to the fame officers and other persons, and under the levied, See. as fame conditions, terms, limitations, restrictions, pains, penal-directed by ties, and forfeitures, as other county rates are ordered and di-a s rented to be affefTed, rated, colle<5ted, levied, and paid, in and

12 Geo. a. by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late ma-

, jesty King Gtorge the Second, intituled. the more

affcjfing, collefling, and levying, county rates ; and in and by a clause

8c 13 Geo. 1. }n an act passed in the thirteenth year of the said King, intituled, Anafl to continue several laws therein mentioned for such

persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy turnpikes \ for repairing highways or loc, or other works ere fled by authority of parliament fer making rivers navigable; for preventing exafliens of the occupiers of locks and iveirs upon the river of Thames

ward, and for ascertaining the rates of water carriage upon the said river; for preventing frivolous and vexatious arrejls; and for j ter securing the lawful trade of his Majestfs to and from the

East Indies, atid for the more effectual preventing all his subjects trading thither under foreign commissions; and for limiting the time for suing forth writs of Certiorari upon proceedings before justices of the peace, and for regulating the time and manner of applying for the fame ; for the better and more speedy execution of pro* cess within particular franchises or liberties ; and for extending the

powers and authorities of justices of peace of , touching county rates, to the justices of the peace of such liberties and franchises as have commissions of the peace within .

But where JI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-?ny toy6 , rity aforesaid. That in cases where any fhirehall, county hall, time out ofS or other building usually made use of for the holding the affixes mind.been re- or great sessions, hath for time out of mind been repaired at the paired at the expence of any particular person or persons, riding or ridings, ex pence of division or divisions, part or parts, of any county or Shire, the p?acesU&c.the ^ame forever hereafter be repaired at the expenceof the inlame h to be habitants of such riding or ridings, division or divisions, part kept in repair or parts, as they have heretofore been; and the sums and ium at the expence of money to be laid out in repairing the fame shall be afTefled, tantsVf fuch1 ratcc* on' an<* co^e<^e<^> levied and paid, by such division or places, See.divisions, p&rt or parts, of such county, in the manner in this

act herein before directed, where sudden III. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enabled, -repairs not ex- That if there Should be occasion for any sudden repairs which are Wanted, not cost more than the/fum of thirty pounds, it shall be

two justices* lawful for any two justices of the peace of such county, division, may make an riding or place, after having viewed the fame, and aneftimaw wder therein ' " $f

i n

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 21—23/

of able workmen made of the expence thereof, to order the fame to be repaired, and the money to be raised upon thepoun-ty, in the same manner as it is by this act appointed to be raised-after a presentment of the grand jury.

IV. Provided, and be it also further enacted, That all cities, Citie#, and corporations, rapes, wapentakes, boroughs, towns, ports, pa- a^persons* rifhes, townships, or other places, or divisions, or persan or bound by law persons, which are now bound and obliged by law and ancient and ancient . usage to repair any such Shire hall, county hall, or other build- usage> to re-ings for the holding the afTizes or great sessions, or to furnish *ur~

the fame with benches, tables, rails,, or other fixtures, and to 5^ |,aif keep the fame in repair, shall for ever hereafter be bound and are ftiirbound obliged to repair the fame, and to furnish the fame with benches, todothefanae. tables, rails, and other fixtures, and to keep the fame in repair; any thing in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

- Vi And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any gftion, plaint, salt, or information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for what he or they shall do in pursuance or in execution of this act, such person or persons so faed in any court whatfoCver shall and may plead the general iffae, Not guilty, and upon any iffae joined may give Generallifue. this act and the special matter in evidence ; and if the plaintiff or prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or forbear further profecu-tlon, or suffer a discontinuance, or if a verdict pass against hjm, the defendants shall recover their treble costs, for which theyT*chl« co^ shall have the like remedy as in any case when costs by the law are given to defendants.

cap; XXI.

An act for the mere effectual paving, cleansing, lighting, apd watching, the streets, lanes, alleys, and publick pafla^es, in the town of Gains-bupgh,in the county of Lincoln; and for laying a duty on all coals brought to the hud town to be sold, and for applying the fame to such purpose*.

CAP. XXII.

An act to amend, and render more eflfeftual an act paired in the ferenth year of hie present Majesty, intituled, An act having jirettt, and

m other places, in ( bat part of the parish of Saint which in

the count)of M'.dJlejejf; and part of a street, called East , in the

frtcintt of Saint Catherine ; and for cleaning, , and watching the Jame, and presenting ohfrations and annojances therein.

CAP. XXIII.

An act to amend and render more effectuii an act of the twenty eighth of his late Majesty, for thp better enlightening and cleansing the open places, squares, Itreets, kme9, alleys, passages, and courts, within the pu'iih of Saint Bartholomew the Great, London, and regulating the,

'nightly walch a d beadles within the said parish; and for impowering the trustees, in the said act named, to pave the said streets and other

glares within the said parish, and to remo.e annoyances and obstruc*

*U CAP.;

I

*74

preamble, reciting aft 7 Geo. 3.

Proposals made by the Bast India company for a farther agreement.

Anno nono Georgii III. c. 24; [1768.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for carrying into execution certain

the East India company for the payment of the annual sum of four hundred thousand , for a limited ,

inrespect of the territorial acquijitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies.

WHEREAS by an act made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for establishing an

agreement for the payment of the annual sum of four hundred thousand pounds, for a limited time, by the East India company, in respect of the territorial acquisitions ana revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, it was , that the united com-

pany of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and their successors,Should pay into the receipt of his his

Majesty's use, the Jum of four hundred thousand pounds per annum, during the term of two years, to be computed from the first day of February one thousand seven hundred andftxty , by half yearly

payments of two hundred thousand pounds , at or before times as are therein limited; and it was thereby enacted that

all the territorial acquisitions and revenues (in the said act before mentioned) lately obtained in the East Indies, remain in possessum of the said company and their successors during the said term of two years: and whereas the said company have mads propofols to enter into a further agreement respecting the said acquisitions and revenues upon the terms and conditions herein after that is to ,

first 1 That four hundred thousand pounds a year be continued to the public for five years, from the first February one thousand seven

hundred and sixty nine: secondly, That the company be at liberty to -

crease their dividend to twelve and an half per centum during the said term, fa as not to exceed one per centum in any one year; thirdly, That if the company shall, during the be obliged

to reduce their dividends from any ca , in futh case there

shall be deducted from the sum agreed to be paid for the use of the public, a sum equal to such reduftio; and in like manner, if the company's dividends shall at any time during the said term be again raified or restored, the public shall receive equal benefit 5 but if the

said dividends shall be reduced to fix per centum, then the payment to the public shall be discontinued: fourthly. That the company shall be obliged to export in every yearduring the continuance of this agreement, goods and merchandizes of the or

nufaftureof Great Britain, (military and naVal of

the like value as they shall appear to have exported annually on an average of five years preceding this agreement: fifthly. That if any surplus of cajb shall remain in England, during the said term, after

the discharge of the company's simple contra ft debts bearing interest,

and the reduction of the company's bond debt to the debt which shall be due from the public to the company, then such surplus shall be lent to the public at two per centum per annum : and whereas it may be for‘the benefit of the public;and the said , that proper

v^

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c.

provisions Should be made for carrying the

execution: now we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal fub-je<5b, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, do'most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the said united company of 406,0001. per merchants of England trading to the , and their fuc- ann. to be

ceflors, shall advance and pay into the receipt of his Majesty's Paid the exchequer, for his Majesty's use, the sum of four hundred £h”excbe-n ° thousand pounds per annum> for and during the term of five quer, for tht years, to be computed from the first day of , one thou- term of 5

land (even hundred and sixty nine, by half yearly payments of £car8» by, two hundred thousand pounds each ; which half yearly pay- paymentsf of ments of two hundred thousand pounds shall become aue on 200,000 the first day of August and the first day of February in each year; each* and such of the said half yearly payments as shall so become due on the first day of August in each year, shall be made on or before the twenty fifth day of March next ensuing; and such of the said half yearly payments as shall so become due on the first day of February in each year, shall be made on or before the twenty ninth day of September next ensuing such first day of February respectively in each year ; the first of which half year- First payment ly payments shall become due on the first day of one *6 become due

thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, and be made on or be- j and to fore the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred be made by z$ and seventy: and in case the said united company of merchants March 1770. of England trading tto the East Indies, or their successors, shall On default of make failure in any of the said payments hereby appointed to payment, a be made into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer on or before *°dHilu the respective days or times herein before limited, that then, recovery or from time to time, as often as such case shall so happen, the thereof; money whereof such failure in payment shall be made shall and may be recovered to his Majesty's life, by action of debt, or upon the case, bill, suit, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no efioin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, shall be allowed, or any more than one imparlance ; in which action, biH, suit, or information, it shall be lawful to declare, that the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East , or their successors, are indebted to his Majesty the monies of which they shall have made default in payment according to the form of this Statute, and have not paid the fame, which shall be sufficient ; and in qr upon such action, bill, suit, or information, there shall be further recovered to his Majesty's use against the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East damages

Indies, or their successors, damages after the rate of fifteen the Jate

pounds per centum per annum for the respective monies so unpaid cent; per ann. contrary to this act, together with full costs of suit; and the with full cofti, fejd united company and their successors, and all their stock,

N 3 funds,

L.00Q le

td for the dif-pofitron of parliament. Company at liberty to in-crease their dividends;

Anno nono Georgii III. c. 24I [1768.

funds, $md all other their estates and property whatsoever, shall

be and are hereby made fubjcCt and liable to the payment of

such monies, damages, and Oofts.

Territorial II. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the au-

a^uifit 10ns, thority aforesaid. That all the said territorial acquisitions and See. to remain J . . \_ r * .

in the compa- revenues lately obtained in the Indies, shall remain in the

ny. possession of the said united company, and their successors, dur-

ing the said term of five years.

Monies paid Ilf. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, m to berefejv. That the monies which shall be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, in pursuance of this act, shall be there reserved to be disposed of and appropriated by parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said united company, and their successors, during the said term of five years, shall be at liberty, from time to time, to inerdafe the dividends upon their capital stock 5 so that any fijeh increase of dividend shall not in any one year, during the said term of five years, exceed the sum of one pound centum on such capital stock; and so that by any such addition or additions, the dividends to be made upon the said stock shall not exceed in the whole, at any one time during the said term* the rate of twelve pounds and ten shillings per centum per .

V. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That if the said united company, or their successors, shall, for and during any time or times within the said term of five years, reduce the dividends upon their said stock; then, and in every such case, there shall, for and during the time or times respectively of every such reduction or reductions, be deducted from the said sum of four hundred thousand pounds

per centum, a sum or fumstqual to the amount of each and every such reduction; and if at any time or times, within the said term of five years, the said united company, or their successors, be^Tcfuced to re<^uce the dividends upon their said stock to or under the likewise rate A* pounds per centum per , then in every such case, during the respective continuance of every such reduction, the said company shall be and are hereby discharged from the payment of the said fuMnof four hundred thousand pounds, or such part thereof as would have become due to the public, during but if they be the continuance of such reduction ; and that if, after any re-duCtion of the dividends of the said company as aforesaid, it payments are happen that the dividends of the said company shall be

to be made again increased to any rate exceeding the rate of six pounds per accordingly.' centum per annum, then and in every such case respectively, from time to time, as often as the case shall happen, such payment or payments shall be made by the said company, or their fuc-ceflors, for the use of the public, as shall be equal to the amount of the entire sum Which shall be paid in the dividends of the said company during the respective continuance thereof; all which payments shall be made in the same manner, and at such times, and recovered by the fame and the like process, and with the fame damages, as are herein before enacted, with respect

to

but if their 'dividends shall be reduced.

the sums pay able by them into the ex-

,GoogIe

\?j68.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 24.

to the payment and recovery of the said Aim of four hundred thousand pounds per annum by half yearly payments of two hundred thousand pounds in each payment.

VI. And be it further enatfted by the authority aforesaid, Exports re* That during the term of five years, to be computed from the quiredto be twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and made by the sixty eight, the said united company, or their successors, shall comPany. and are hereby required to export from in each

and every year, during such term, to the British settlements within the limits prescribed by the said company's charter for their carrying on an exclusive trade in the Eafi , or elsewhere, upon the account of the said company or their successors in their course of trade, exclusive of what may be exported by their servants, or private traders licenced by the said company or their successors, such goods and merchandizes of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great , as shall

amount in value to the sum of three hundred and eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty seven pounds, in each and every such year; but the amount of the value of the military and naval stores so exported, shall not be esteemed or reckoned as part of the said sum of three hundred and eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty seven pounds per annum; and the said com- Bond to be pany, or their successors, shall, on or before the first day of for the June, in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, Son thereof" and on or before the first day of June in each of the four fuc-

ceeding years, give security by bond to his MVjesty, his heirs, and successors, under the common seal of the said company, or of their successors, in the penal sum of double the said sum of three hundred and eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty seven pounds, for the clue exportation of the said goods and jnerchapdjzes annually to the amount of the said sum of three hundred and eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty seven pounds, according to the real value of such goods and merchandizes in this kingdom at the time of such exportation, or of the purChafe thereof by or on the behalf of the said company, or their successors; which security the high treasurer, or the commisioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three or more of such commisioners, is or are hereby authorized to take 5 and the said company, or their successors, and a specifi-(hall, on or before the thirty first day of October in the year one cation of 1the thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, and on or before the Exported with thirty first of October in each of the four succeeding years, de- their vajue> to liver to the said high treafqrer, or commisioners, an account be delivered in writing, signed by two or more of the directors of the said annually to company for the, time being, specifying the particular goods J*1® treasury, and merchandizes which shall have been so exported in every such year, in pursuance of and according to the true intent and meaning of this act, with the said true and real values of such goods and merchandizes, with the names of the ships in which the fame were respectively so exported ; and which account shall and verified be verified, on oath made before my one justice of . the peace uPonoalbi

N4 ' (which

shall appear to the treasury, the bonds are to be delivered

178 Anno none Georg 11 III. c.24. [17^8,

(which oath such justice is hereby authorized and requited to administer) by the proper officers or servants of the said company, or their successors, who shall keep their books for the entry of goods outwards to the best of their knowledge: and if and according it shall appear to the satisfatfiion of the said high treasurer, or as the fame commisioners, that goods and merchandizes shall have been, agreeably to the directions of this act, exported as aforesaid in the respective year in relation whereto each bond shall have been so given; then, in each and every such case, the said high treasurer, or commisioners, shall cause such bond to be deliver-liut°r*>Utm ec* UP; ^ut *n cak no account 1* delivered as herein U1 * before mentioned, or if it shall appear that the said goods and

merchandizes, exported within the term mentioned in any such bond, shall not have amounted to such value as aforesaid, or that any such account shall appear not to be truly made, it shall and may be lawful for the said high treasurer, or commisioners, to cause each and every such bond to be prosecuted according to Jaw, unless he or they shall find sufficient cause to forbear the fame.

Excess made VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a-in »he export foresaid, That in case the said company, or their successors, shall of goods in jn any one of the £ve years export, or cause'to be export-one year, C(j^ such g00(js ancj merchandizes of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of Great Brit, exceeding in value the sum of three hundred and eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty 5s to be taken seven pounds; then, and in such case, the said excess shall, ,eed,the fUC' ^rom t'me to time> be take *nto l^e account of the exports . accoun^^ * goods and merchandizes by the said company, or their

successors, in and for the next succeeding year, and shall be allowed and considered as part thereof.

What money VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, the company That if at any time or times during the said term of five years shall have in commencing from the first day of , one thousand seven

Gf?eadffritain hundred an^ Pxty nine, any sum or sums of money belonging charge of to kid united company, or their successors, shall remain in

■ ' " Great Britain after the discharge of the said company's simple

contraCl debts bearing interest, and the reduction of the said company's debts to such sum as shall be equal only or inferior to the debt which shall be due from the public to the said com-is to be lent pany ; then the monies so, from time to time, remaining as to the public aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby required to be, advanced and atil. percen- ]ent by the said company and their successors to the publip, at

[mm interest. aru* a^ter l*ie rate two Poun^s Per centum per <mnuin interest, payable out of such proper and sufficient fund or funds, and in such manner, as shall be settled by parliament; and to be paid quarterly to the said company and their successors, until the redemption and discharge of the capital monies so advanced and A (bte of the lent, shall be made by parliament; and that the said company, company's or their successors, shall, and they are hereby directed and re<i tract and”" quired, from time to time, before the expiration of ten days bund debts afar the beginning of the next and every succeeding session of

Parr

their simple contract and other debts.

Googlt

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III, c.25. 179

parliament, during the said term of five years, commencing to be given in from the 4irft day of February one thousand seven hundred and anij«aJJy upon sixty nine, and of the session of parliament succeeding the expi- trcafurV C ration of the said term, to give in and deliver unto the high

treasurer or commisioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, a true and exa# account of the Rate of the said simple contract debts bearing interest, and of their bond debts, at the time of delivering in every such account respectively, and also a #ate an account of the Rate of their cash remaining in Great of their case* tain; all which accounts shall be fairly written, and shall be signed by two or mor.e of the directors of the said company; and oath shall be made of the truth of every such account, by the proper officers or servants of the said company before any one juRice of the peace, which oath such juRice is hereby authorized and required to administer.

CAP. XXV.

An act^for making perpetual an act made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intit, An act to con-

tinue the duties fox encouragement of the coinage of money.

; May it please your most excellent Majesty 5

WHEREAS an act was made in the year of your Ma- prcamtle rtTN jestys reign, intituled, An act to continue the duties for citing daifc*

; encouragement of the coinage of money, whereby the duties and in att Geo. laws therein mentioned or referred to were continued for the term of seven years, to commence from the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, and until the end of the first session of parliament then next following : and whereas by an act made in the lafi session of parliament, intituled, An act for further continuing and % g^o j*

Certain laws to prohibit for a limited time the exportation of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, and Rarch, and j also the extra#ion of low wines and spirits from wheat and 1 wheat flour; for further allowing the importation of wheat and and wheat flour, barley, barley-meal, and pulse, free of duty, ipto this kingdom, from any part of Europe; and for allowing the importation of oats and oat-meal, rye and rye-meal, into this kingdom, for a limited time, free of duty ; and also for ' continuing such other Jaws as will expire before the beginning <?f the next session of parliament; the said act made in the first year of your Majesty'sreign was continued until the end of this -

1 sent Jession of parliament: and whereas it is expedient that the said 1 act made in the first year of your Majesty's reign Should be made perpetual: we your Majesty's moR dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, do humbly pray your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enabled by the King's moR excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That t)>e said a# made in the fir A year of his present

Ma-

iSo

The receited act oiF i Geo. 3 made perpetual.

preamble.

Alphabetical lifts to be made out of prisoners in custody for debt on 29 Sept. 1768. o since then >

with the fime when charged, and at whole suit:

The fame to be delivered in to thequar ✓ ter sessions.

Anno nono Georgii III. c. z6. [1768*

Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to continue the duties for encouragement of the coinage of money, and all the clauses, powers, provisions, directions, rules, and articles, therein contained, shall be, and are hereby, made perpetual ; and shall continue in force, and be carried into execution, as fully and effectually as if the fame were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this presentaCt, and as if there had not been any limitation of time whatsoever expressed in the said act for the determination thereof, or of any matter therein contained.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for the relief of .

WHEREAS many perfonsby Losses and other , are rendered incapable of paying their xvhole debts ; and though they are willing to moke the utmaji they can, and many

of them are abli to serve his Majesty by sea or yet are detained

tn prison by their creditors, or have been forced to go into foreign parti.out of this realm rand whereas such unhappy debtors have always been deemed the proper objects of pub lick compassion; and, by several acts of parliament, have been discharged on the conditions in such acts mentioned: for the relief therefore of prisoners

and fugitives who shall comply with the terms contained in this act to be respectively observed by them, and faithfully discover, upon oath, and deliver up and ajffign, all their effects and estates whatsoever for the benefit of their creditors; and to prevent, as far as , the many frauds and abuses which, in a great measure, have objirufted the good ends of such acts; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the pafTmg of this act, all and every gaoler, or keeper of any prison, in any county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, within this kingdom, shall, is, and are hereby required to make a true, exaCV, and perfect lift, alphabetically, of the name or names of ail and every person or persons who, upon the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, was or were, or at any time since have been, and sp the time of making out every such lift shall be, really an aClual prisoner or prisoners, in the custody of any gaoler or goalers, or keeper of any prison respectively, upon any process whatsoever, for or by realon of any debt, damage, costs, sum or sums of money, contempt, or otherwise, and an account of the time when such prisoner or prisoners was or were respectively charged in custody, or received in prison, together with the name or names of the person or persons af whose suit or prosecution such prisoner or prisoners is or are detained; and shall deliver the fame to the justices of the peace at their first or second general or general quarter sessions of the peace, to be held after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, or at some adjournment thereof, for such county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty rdpecftvely.

II. And

1768.]* Anno nono Georgii III. e. i8jr

II. And be it farther enatfed, That the warden of his Maje-The warden

fly's prison of the Fleet, and marfrial of the King's Bench prison,of th® Fleet,

Avail severally,* on the delivering in of any such lift of prisoners of theKiif^s

m their respective custody, take an oath in the dpen court of Bench prison,

such general or general quarter session of the peace, or at some to take the

adjournment thereof, to the effetSl following; (that is to say) followingoath

'on delivering

I A. B. upon my corporal oath, in the presence of Almighty Godyin their do solemnly J\'wear, profess, and declare, That all

son and perfonsy whose name or names is or are infer ted and contained

in the first part of the lift by me now delivered in and , was

and werey to the beji of my knowledge and upon the twenty

ninth day of September, one thousand seven really and truly prisoners, inafiual cufody y in the prison or gaol of

[insert the name of the prison] at the suit or suits of the several person or persons therein respectively mentioned; and also that all and .

every person and perfonsy whose name or names is or are inserted or contained in the second part of the said lift now by me delivered in and subscribed as aforesaid, have, fence the find twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eighty been committed or surrendered to the said gaol or prison of [insert the name of the-gaol or prison] at the suit or suits of the everal person or persons therein respectively mentioned 5 except such person or persons who is or are in such lift particularly mentioned and to have diedy

been dischargedy or removed to some other prifemy by process of law9

fence the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight; and also except such person or persons who is or are in such life particulary mentioned and to have been

permitted to have gone out of the said prisony by day rules of the court of [Common Pleas or King's Bench, as the case shall be] since the fetid twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eighty to t ran fa ft their affairs ; and also except such person or persons who is or are therein also particularly mentioned and described to have, upon the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eighty or finely been in the rules of the said prison [of the Fleet or King's Benchy as the case shall be] by leave of the [warden or marlhal of the said prison, as the case Avail be] and havey to the befi of my knowledge and , really and truly, ever since continued and remained m cufody in the said prison [of the Fleet or King's Benchy as the case shall be] or the liberties thereof, at the fat or suits of the everal persons in the said life respectively mentioned [and if any prisoners have, since the said twenty ninth day of Septembary one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, escaped out of either of the said prisons] then insert, except [insert the name or names of the prisoner or prisoners who have escaped] whoy without my ,

privity, or consenty hath or have escaped out of the said prison of and that the said lift is a truey exafiy perfefiy and just lift of all such persons who were really and truly prisoners in afiual cufody in the said gaol or prison of on the said

twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and

; My

v^

j82 Anno nono Georgii III c.2 6.[176£.

sixty eighty and who, since the said twenty ninth day ^September,

ane thousand jeven hundred and sixty eighty have been committed to9

and really have beenyand now is or are, prisoner or prisoners in actual custody in the said gaol or pris on of or the liberties

thereof; and that none of such to my or with my privity, have voluntarily,. or with defigny or in expectation to take any benefit from or under any act of parliament to be made for relief of infdlvent debtors9 furthemfelveSy or been committed to the said prisony or got their names entered as in the books

, of the said prison; or since the fame twenty ninth day of Septem- I

ber, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eighty to my ,

Or with my privity y have resided out of the said prison of

or the rule thereof [but if any have so done, add, except naming such by name]

£&er gaolers And that every other gaoler and keeper of any other prison or to take the priibns in any county, city, town, riding, divifiqp, place, or following ( liberty, shall severally, on the delivering in of any such lid re- oath on deli- spectively, take an oath in the open court of the general or ge^ theTliS ncra^ (luartcr sessions of the county, city, town, division, liber- f' ty, or place, for which he or she shall deliver in any such lift,

and swear to the effect following; (that is to say)

1A. B. upon my corporal oathy in the presence of Almighty Gody do solemnly /wearyprcfefsy and , That all and every per*

son and perfonSy whose name or names are inserted and contained in the first part of the lift by me now delivered in and [ubferibedy was and werey to the best of my knowledge and upon the twenty

ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eighty

> really and truly prisoners in actual in the prison or gaol of

at the suit or of the several persons therein spectively mentioned; and also that all and every and whose name or names is or are inserted or contained in the secondpart of the said lift now by me delivered in and subscribed as havey since the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eighty been committed or surrendered to the said gaol or prison of (if any such prisoner or pri -

(oners hath or have, (ince the said twenty ninth day of ,

one thousand (even hundred and sixty eight, been committed or surrendered to such gaol or prison) at the suit at suits of the several person or persons therein respectively mentioned; except [if any exception is necessary] such persons as are therein particularly mentioned and described to have , been dischargedy or removed to fpme other prison by process of law, or to have escaped out of such prison y without my privity, knowledge or consentyfmce the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eighty and that all arid every of themy whose name and names is and

tained in the first part of the said lift ( as before excepted) to the best of my knowledge and belief have really and truly continued in actual custody, in the said gaol or prison of ever

since the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand sewn I hundred

Le

68.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 26.

hundred and sixty eighty and that the said lift is a true, ft ft, and just lift,of all such person as were really and truly pri-

soners in actual atftody,in the said gaol or prison of on the said twenty ninth day of September, seven hun-

dred and sixty eight, and who, since the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, have been really and truly committed, or surrendered to the said gaol or of (except as before excepted) to the befi of my know-

ledge and belief \ and that none of such prisoners, to my knowledge, or with my privity, have voluntarily, or with design, or in expectation to take any benefit from or under any act of parliament to be made for relief of insolvent debtors, surrendered or been committed to the said prison of or got his, her, or their name or

names entered as prisoner or prisoners in the books of the said prison,

or, since their commitment, have, to my knowledge, or with my vity,resided out of the said prison of [if any have

so done, then add except inserting their names]

*83

Which said respective oaths the said justices, at the first or fe- The oath to

cond general or quarter iession aforesaid, or at some adjournment be administer-

thereof, within their respective jurisdictions, are hereby im- ®d by the ju-

powered and required to administer in open court; and the ^^entered**

words of the said oath herein before directec) to be taken by the and subscribe I

said warden and marshal respectively, shall be entered or writ- at the bottom

ten at the end or bottom of the lift which shall be delivered in of each lift*

by them respe<5tively, and shall be subscribed and sworn to by ,

them respectively in open court; and the words of the oath to

be taken by every other gaoler or keeper respe<5tively, shall be

entered or written at the end or bottom of the lift which shall

be delivered by them respectively, and shall be subscribed, and

sworn to by them respectively in open court: and every such Lift to be kept

lift which shall be so delivered in, subscribed, and sworn to, by the clerk

in pursuance of this aeft, shall be kept by the clerk of the peace, of the peace.

town clerk, or other officer, acting as clerk of the peace of every

such county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty re-

spectively, in which apy such lift as aforesaid shall be sworn to,

for the better satisfaction of the said justices, and information

of all or any prisoner or prisoners therein named; and so as the

lame may, from time to time, be seen and examined by any

creditor or creditors of such prisoner or prisoners, without fee

or reward.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Copies of the That all and every gaoler and gaolers, and keeper of any gaol lifts to be de-or prison, is and are hereby required, ten days at least before uV^rcd,in to-the first or second general or quarter session of the peace shall be t^e prif0„Jfm held after the said first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and on the* and sixty nine, for the county, riding, division, city, town, gates thereof, place, or liberty, in which any such ^aol or prison shall be, or to which the fame belong, to fix up, in some conspicuous place or places in every such prison, and at the most frequented and ttfual gate, door, or entrance, into every such prison, three or'

more

184

Persons inserted in the lifts being prisoners, without a fraudulent in* tention, on 29 Sept. 1768,

conforming to the regulations of this act, shall be discharged.

Prisoners in custody at the timeof parting this act, who were arrested for debt on or before *9Sept. 1768, and held to bail, and rendered themselves on or before 28 Nov. 1768, on conforming to the regulations of this act, shall be discharged.

Justices, upon the petition of the prisoner, and his delivering a schedule of his

titate,

Anno nono Georgij III. c. 26. [176&

more true copies of the lift or lifts proposed or intended to be delivered in by any such gaoler or keeper, at the said general or quarterfefjjpn, or at some adjournment thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every person

and persons whose name or names shall be inserted in any such lift to be delivered in as aforesaid, who, upon the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight,

were really and truly prisoners in the actual custody of any gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of any prison respectively of this kingdom, and did not come into or get his, her, or thfcir names entered in the book of any gaol or prison as a prisoner or prisoners there, with a view or design to take the benefit of some act for relief of insolvent debtors, and who shall take the oath herein after-mentioned and shall perform on his or her part what is required to be done by him or her by this act, shall be for ever released and discharged ft-pm his or her imprisonment, in such manner as hereafter is provided.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore-

said, Thai any prisoner or prisoners who shall be in actual custody at the time of passing this act, and Avas or were, on or before the twenty ninth day of S, one* thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, arrested for any sum or sums of money by virtue of any writ or process iflbing out of any court of record, and held to the,bail thereon, and did, on or before the twenty eighth day of November 9one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, render him, her, or themselves, or was or werP surrendered in discharge of his, her, or their bail, and thereupon committed to prison, and has or have continued therein until the pairing of this act, by virtue of such commitment; every such prisoner or prisoners shall, upon due proof of thepremifles upon oath, be. discharged from such debt or demand, in like manner as if such prisoner or prisoners had been actually in prison upon the said twenty ninth day of , one thousand

seven hundred and sixty eight, ana continued therein as afpre-said; subject nevertheless to the fame restrictions and provisions, and a compliance with the like terms, conditions, and qualifications, herein before imposed upon prisoners actually in custody upon the said twenty ninth day of , one thousand feveri

hundred and sixty eight; and also subject to the fame terms and provisions relating to the estate and effects of every such prisoner as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any justice or justices of any county, jriding,^division, city, town, place, or liberty, within this kingdom, upon the petition of arny such prisoner or prisoners to any justice or justices Qf the pe?c$ . within his or their respective jurifoiftions, upon every such prisoner or prisoners so petitioning, and, at the time of his or her so petitioning, leaving with the justice or justices of the peace, who shall be so petitioned, a true copy of the schedule, containing his or her intended discovery of his or her real and per- t fpnal estate, to be sworn to at the- first or second general or quar-

3 ter

1768.^ Anno nono Georgii III. c .26. 185

ter session next ensuing after every such petition, or foroe ad-are to issue * joumment thereof, by warrant under his hand and seal, or their so* banging* hands and seals, to require the (heriffor (heriffs, gaoief or gaol- the prisoner ers, or keeper of any such prison within the jurisdiction or any to the quarter such justice or justices, to bring before the justices at the first or sessions, c. second next general or general quarter session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, to be held, as the case shall happen to be* next after the expiration of ten days from the date of such warrant, for such respective county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, the body of any person being in the said pri- with the wm. . son as aforesaid, with the warrant or warrants of his or her de- of detainer, together with a copy or copies of the cause or causesco”® of the which he, (he, or they, is pr are charged with in any such &c. * gaol or prison as aforesaid, at the time aforesaid; which war- Gao'lei, &c. rant of every such just ice or justices, every such (heriffand (he- to obey Aich riffs, gaoler, or keeper, is and are hereby commanded to obey, warrant.

VII. And be it also enacted. That the copy of every schedule Schedule of^ which shall be left with any such justice or justices, shall, with-Jftate^obe1 * in ten days after the fame shall be so left, be transmitted by the transmitted to justice or justices, with whom the fame shall be so left, to the the clerk of clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer, ailing as clerkthe peace, of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, town, place,

or liberty, in which the fame shall have been so left, there to for inspeaion remain and be inspected, from time to time, as occasion shall credi-require, by any creditor of any such prisoner who shall defiretors* to mfpe£t the fame.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That til and every prisoner Prisoners in-and prisoners, who shall intend to petition to be discharged tending to plunder this a (St, as aforesaid, shall first cause publick notice to be *or their inserted in three several London Gazettes previous to such gene- t(J giv^p^eviral or qifarter (ession, or the adjournment thereof,, at which the ous notice said prisoner or prisoners shall apply to be discharged from any thereorthrice gaol in London, or within the weekly bills of mortality; and if in theGazette, such prisoner shall be in custody in any gaol out of , or newspapers: the weekly bills of mortality, then also in some news papeo

which shall be published in or near the county, riding, division,

city, town, liberty, or place, in the gaol whereof he or she

shall be so in custody ; containing the name, trade, and occu- Contents of

pation, and two last places of abode, if so many, of every such the notice.

prisoner and prisoners, and the prison wherein he, (he, or they,

is or are confined, and of his, her, or their intention to take

the benefit of this a 6k,and mentioning such notice in each

zetteor news paper, to be first, second, or third notice, according to the time Of publishing each of such notices ; and for id. each time, the inferring of each of which said several notices in the said an<*no n}l)re»

Gazette, or in any other news paper, there shall be paid, each [nfemno-Vuch time, by every such prisoner, two pence, and no more: the noticesT first of which said notices shall be so inserted in the said First notice to

or in the said other news papers, as the case may require, thirty inserted 30 days at least, and the last of the said notices ten days at least, iaft Vo^ays,1^ before any such first or second general or quarter session, or ad- befoie the

j ournment

186 Anno nono Georgii III. c.26. [1768;

quarter fef- journffient thereof, shall be held as aforesaid; so that as well al] *otH>&c* the creditors who have not charged the said prisoner or prisoners

in custody, as those creditors who have charged such prisoner or prisoners in execution, or on melhe process, or otherwise, may have sufficient notice thereof.

Prisoner being IX. And be it further enacted, That every such prisoner as brought into aforesaid, who, in pursuance of any such warrant as aforesaid, CO k?* d.ue . shall be brought to any general or general quarter session, or the notkeTre- any adjournment thereof, shall, in case it shall be proved upon quired being oath, or by producing the said three Gazettes and news papers proved, See. before mentioned to the said justices at any such session, or the adjournment thereof, that such notices were so inferred in the London Gazette, and other news papers, where required, in man-

It to deliver ner as herein before is directed ; and that the person or persons in a schedule so petitioning, was or, were actually a prisoner or prisoners debto Cand * 011 l^e twenty ninth day of , one thousand seven

creditors? ' hundred and sixty eight, or since, in the gaol or prison in which his, her, or their name or names is or are specified in the lift of prisoners there delivered in at any such firftor second session, or any adjournment thereof as aforesaid, in pursuance of this act, shall, in open court at the said genera] or quarter session, or any adjournment thereof, subscribe and deliver in a true schedule or account of all his or her real estate, either in possession, rever-iion, remainder, or expectancy; and also of the whole of his or her personal estate which he or she, or any person or persons in trust for him or her, or for his or her use, benefit, or advantage, is or are seised bf, interested in, or intitled to, with the names of his or her several debtors, and where they respectively live, or may be met with; and the several sums of money from them respectively owing, and how the fame respectively became due, and are secured; and if by mortgage, specialty, contract, note, or other writing, then the name and names and places of abode of the several witnesses who can prove such debts or contracts (if there be any such) and shall also make; oath and swear to theeffect following; (that is to say)

Prisoner's T A. B. upon my corporal , in the presence of Almighty oath on de- A do solemnly swear, protejl, and , That on the twenty ninth

^"fc&dule ^ °fSeptember, one thousand /even hundred and sixty eighty I

c * was a prisoner, or elfey as the case may be, that since the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eighty I have surrenderedy or have been committed to the prison of

in discharge of my bail, or for want of bail, as the case shall be; and that I was actually arrejled before the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand /even hundred and sixty eighty in the action or fuity actions or fiuitSy in which I surrenderedy or was

committedy as aforesaid, to the said gaol or prison of and that I have, ever since my said surrender or commitment, continued a prisoner within the prison in the actual custody of

the gaoler or keeper of the said prison of or within the

liberties thereof \at the fiuit of and without any fraud

r

*7^8.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 26.

Qr collusion whatsoever; and that the schedule now delivered me and

subscribed, doth contain, to the beji of my ,

and belief a fully just9 true9 andperfeft account an

the goodSy effects9 and eJlateSy real and personaly either in ,

reverftony remainder or expedlancy9 which /, or any in truji

for me9 or for my benefit or advantagey am seised or pnjfiffed -terefied in9 or intit led to; and of all debts as are to me , or to any person or per Jons in truji for me 5 and of all the and

contracts whereby any money now is, or will or may hereafter become payable9 or any benefit or advantage may accrue to or to my use % or to any person or persons in trufi for me; and the names and placet of abode of the several persons from whom such debts are due and owing; and of the witnesses that can prove such debts or if

any such there be; and that neither /, nor any other person or persons in truji for me9 or for my use9 have any lands, , flock 9 or

any estate real or personaly in possessm9 reverfton9 or , or

expehancy9 other than what are in the said schedule contained j except wearing apparely and bedding for myself and , working tools, and necessary implements for my occupation and callingy and these in the whole not exceeding the value of ten pounds 5 and that I

hove noty nor any body for me hath9 directly or -edy or otherwise conveyed9disposed of in truj, or concealedy all or any

part of my lands9 money, goods9 chatties 9Jiocks9debts9 securities9 con-

trary or estate real or personal, whereby to secure the fame9 or to receive or expect any profit or advantage or with intent to

defraud or deceive any creditor, or creditors, to whom I am or was

indebted in any wise howsoever.

So help me GOD.

And the said schedule and oath shall be by .every such prisoner Schedule and subscribed in the presence of the justices in open session of the oath to be peace as hereby is directed, and shall be kept by, and remain subscribed m, with, the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting andlodged as clerk of the peace, for the county, city* liberty, division, with the clerk town, or place, where the fame shall be subscribed and taken, of the peace, for the better information of all the creditors of such prisoner foFth? exa: who shall desire, or may have occasion, to resort thereto; and ^"creditors, every such creditor shall be at liberty, at seasonable times in the day-.time, to peruse and examine the fame.

X. And be it further enacted, That the justices within their Court, if re-respective jurisdictions, at any such general or general quarter quired by the session, Or adjournment thereof, at the request of any creditor adC,^in<([erI^^r or creditors of any such prisoner, are hereby authorized to cause oath to the the deputy warden and marffial of the ♦ Fleet and Kings Bench gaoler, or any prison, and any other, under officer, tipftaffj and turnkey of any other person, gaol or prison, and any other person, to come before them, and oTthernatters to examine them respectively on oath, touching any of the prescribed to matters contained in any of the oaths prescribed by this act to befwornto. be taken, and the truth thereof; and if the oath which shall have been taken in open court by any such prisoner or prisoners shall not be disproved by good testimony of any credible person Vol. XXV111. O or

187

' y

L»

x88

Anno nono GfioRGii III. c. 26.

fi>68*

the gaoler.

Gaoler in-

Estate and effects of the

The prison- or persons on oath, and such justices, or the major part of them, er's oath not present at any such general or quarter session, shall be satisfied ed^the couit t^le trut^ oat^ ta^en by any such respective prisoner,

is to discharge then such justices shall, in such session, or some adjournment him i thereof, command the said sheriff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers,

or keeper of such prison or prisons, forthwith to fet at liberty such prisoner or prisoners, without having or taking any fee or upon paying a reward, other than one shilling for his or their attendance with fee of 1 s. to such prisoner or prisoners at such general or quarter session, or any adjournment thereof, in order for his, her, or their discharge, and which every such sheriff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of such prison or prisons, is and are hereby authorized to receive and take for every such order: and every such order shall be a sufficient discharge to the sheriff or Aeefcape. °F ^er^s» gao^er or gaolers, or keeper of fqch prison or prisons, p ' and shall indemnify him or them against any escape or escapes, or action or actions whatsoever for escape, which shall or may be brought, commenced, or profecutdd against him or them.

XI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That all the eftale, right, title, interest, and trust, of such pri-Prif°?rer» upon foner, of, in, and unto, all the real estate, as well freehold and to vest inhe* icoPy as customaryhold, and to all the personal estate, debts, and clerk of the effects of every such prisoner, shall, immediately after the dif-peace, charge of any such prisoner, be, and the fame is hereby, veiled

in the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer ailing as clerk of the peace, of and for the county, riding, city, town corporate, division, liberty, or place, where any such prisoner whoistomake respectively discharged j and every such clerk of the peace,

over the fame town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, is hereto the alfig- by directed and required to make an assignment and conveyance of every such prisoner's estate and effects, veiled in such' clerk of the peace,' town clerk, or other officer atfting as clerk of the peace, as aforesaid, to such creditor or creditors of the said prisoner, as the justices at any general or general quarter session of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, which shall be held by them within their respective jurisdictions, shall order or direct (which assignment and conveyance shall be good and effectual in law to all intents and purposes whatsoever, without being wrote on parchment or paper stampt) and to veil the e-(lates thereby assigned and conveyed, in the party or parties to whom the fame shall be so assigned and conveyed, his, her, and their heirs, executors,' administrators, and assigns, according to the estate and interest the prisoner had therein s and for the preparing, ingrossing, and executing, of which assignment and conveyance, no clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer aCling as clerk of the peace, shall take any greater fee than two shillings 5 and every such assignment and conveyance shall be in trust for the benefit of the creditor or creditors of every such prisoner to whom the fame shall be made, and the rest of the creditors of such prisoner, in reflect or in proportion to their re-fpeClive debts; and every person and persons to whom any fudh

assign-

nees named by the court,

for which he is to be paid » s. and no more.

Dig -5d by ^.

4)68.] Anno nono Gkorgii in C. a6.

assignment and conveyance as aforesaid shall be made, is and are hereby fully empowered to sue, from time to time, as there may be occasion, in his, her, or their own name or names, for the recovery and attaining any estate or effects of any such prisoner, and also to execute any trust or power veiled in, or created for, the use or benefit of any such prisoner; but in trust, for the benefit of him or themselves, and the rest of the creditors of every such prisoner; and to give discharge and discharges to any debtor or debtors of any such prisoner, as shall be requisite; and every such assignee and afiignees shall, with all convenient speed after his or their accepting any such assignment or conveyance, use his and their best endeavours to receive and get in the estate and effects of every such prisoner ; and shall, with all convenient speed, make sale of all the estates of such prifenef vested in such assignee or assignees; and if any such prisoner (hall4>e interested in, or intitled to, any real estate, either in pofieflion, reversion, or expectancy, the fame, within the space of two months after every such assignment and conveyance, shall be sold by public auction in such manner, and at such place, as the major part of the creditors of any such prisoner who shall affembie together on any notice in writing published in the London Gazette, or in feme daily paper, if the prisoner before his going to gaol resided in London, or in the weekly bills of mortality, and if elsewhere, then in some news paper which shall be published in or near tht county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or place, in which such prisoner dwelt before he or she was committed to gaol, thirty days before any such sale shall be made, shall, under his hand, or their hands, agree on : and every such assignee and assignees, at the end of three months at farthest from the time of his accepting any such assignment or conveyance as aforesaid, shall make a just and fair dividend of all such prisoner's estates and eflfe&s which shall have been then got in amongst his or her creditors, in proportion and in regard to each creditor's respective debts; but before any such dividend shall be made, such assignee or assignees Hull make up an account of such prisoner's estate; and make oath in writing before one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, town, liberty, or place, in which any such prisoner shall have been discharged, that every such account contains a just and fair account of the estate and effects of every such prisoner got in by or for such assignee or assignees, and of all payments made in respe<$t thereof, and that all payments in every such account charged, were truly and bona side made and paid ; and notice of the making of every such dividend shall be published in like manner as a meeting of creditors is herein before diretfted to be published, thirty days at least before the fame shall be made : and no creditor (halt be allowed to receive any share of such dividend, until he shall have made out the justness and identity of his respe£tive debt by oath,'or due proof in writing, before fotpe‘fuch justice or justices >and if any creditor of such prisoner shall be dissatisfied

02 * with

189

Assignees im-. powered to ; iue,

and execute any trust or' power in the prisoner's behalf;^

and give discharges.

They are to get in, with all speed, the estate and effects of the prisoner, and make sale, within % months, of prisoner'! real estate, in manner agreed upon at a meeting of the creditors sum mo lied for that purpose 5

and make t dividend within 3 months j

first making up their accounts, and verifying the fame upon oath.

30 days notice to be given of making any dividends, and none to receive any share thereof, but such as shall prove their debt!*

v^

196 Anno nofto GeoRgti III. c. [176*:

Debt* enter- with the reality or fairness of any. debt claimed by any other cre-aminedinto* t^for> t^ien the fame, at the request of any such creditor or cre-and deterrain- dftors so dissatisfied, shall be examined into by the justices of ed by the the county, riding, division, city, liberty, or place, in which

court. such prisoner shall have been discharged, at their next general

Surplus of the or general quarter session, and what they shall there determine prisoner'* e- in the premises, shall be conclusive to all parties : and if, after fotisfvdn^all Payment of all such prisoner's creditors, there shall any of his claim* there- dilate and etfe&s remain after payment of all reasonable charges, on, to go to the lame shall be paid to such prisoner, his executors or admi-the prisoner. nistrators.

No fuitin e- XII. Provided further, and be it aJfo enabled. That no Aiit quny to be jn equity shall be1 commenced by any assignee or assignees of any but byCcon fe nt Pn^oner,s estate and effects, without the consent of the

of themajori- major part, in value, of the creditors of such prisoner, who shall ty in value of meet together pursuant to a notice to be given in the the creditors. Gazette for that purpose.

Clerk of the XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, peace to ex- That the clerksof the peace, town clerk, or other officer, acting credit*0 thC as c^er^ Peace °* every respective county, city, and counts attorney, tY townJ and county, riding, division, cinque port, liberty, and upon payment place, with whom any schedule of the estates of any insolvent of is. the debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, shall be left, and his schedule of successors, clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer, adfc-cftate” ndef- *nS as c^er^ peace as »so*efaid, shall, on the reasonable refers j * quest of any creditor or creditors of such insolvent debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, or his or their attorney, produce and shew to such creditor or creditors, or his or their attorney, in the day-time, the schedule of the estates of any such insolvent debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, which shall be left with any such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, or his predecessor in that office 5 the person so requiring to fee and peruse any such schedule, paying or tendering to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, in whose custody any such schedule shall be, or his deputy, the sum of one shilling for his trouble in searching for, and looking out, such schedule, and attending whilst the fame shall be perused by the party or parties requiring to have the fame looked out, and to peruse the fame ; and that Attested copy a true copy of every such schedule, signed by the clerk of the thereof to be peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, granted! jn ^h0fc custody the fame shall be, or his deputy, purporting the fame to be a true copy of such schedule, without being wrote on stampt paper, and for which copy no more shall be paid than three pence by the sheet; each sheet to contain ninety words, which shall be and so in proportion for a less number of words in any sheet, evidence in shall, at all times, be admitted in all courts whatsoever as legal

all courts. evidence of the fame: and if any clerk of the peace, or his de-

Clerk of the puty, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, J*ac*Jj€fufin£ shall, on reasonable request as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to* focbfcbe^ule produce to any such creditor or creditors as aforesaid, or his or * . .. ' « thefr

L^

*768.3 Anno nono Georgxx III. c. 26. 191

their attorney, any such schedule as aforesaid, and to permit the or to deliver a fame to be inspected as aforesaid, in the day-time, on such pay- ^taki^e** tnent or tender as aforesaid, being made to him ; or shall a(k or orbitantfees” take more than after the rate of three pence by the sheet, each for the tame, sheet to contain ninety words, and so in proportion for less than ninety words in a sheet; or shall refuse to make and deliver a copy of any such schedule, on being requested as aforesaid so to make the same, and having the ir^oney tendered to him for payment of such copy, after the rate aforesaid; shall, for every such forfeits toL offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, which shall and ai,d treble may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's courts ofcofts* record at Westminster, by action of debt, together with treble Qne mo*et t-

costs of suit, in the name of any person who shall prosecute for the profecu-the fame: and one moiety ot which money forfeited shall, for, and the when recovered, go to the party who prosecutes for the fame,other to the and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parish in which the

the offence shall be committed.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before such °*.

time as any assignee or assignees, as aforesaid, shall enter on, or cu&omary*1 take any profit from, any copyhold or customary estate as afore- estates tocom-said, he or they shall agree and compound with the lord or lords pound with of the manor or manors of whom the fame shall be holden, for t{|e ,ord of the payment of such fine or income as, upon any surrender and the manor> admission thereto, hath heretofore been most usually accustom-

ed to be paid ; and that upon every such agreement or compofi- and to be addon, the said lord or lords for the time being, at the next court, mitted te-or some subsequent court, which shall be holden for the said ma- nants there-nor or manors, after such agreement made, shall admit such^ol,# assignee or assignees tenant to such copyhold or customary pre-mites, according to the custom of the said manor or manors of which the fame shall be holden, for and during such estate and . interest as the prisoner had therein at the time of his or her being difefiarged as aforesaid, reserving the rents, duties, heriots, customs, and services, payable and to be rendered in respedi of the said copyhold or customary premisses.

XV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall ex- Theprison-tend to prejudice or affect any estate, or interest or right what- er'*, &cc. right soever, of any other person or persons, other than the said pri- toteaf-foner or fugitive, which may be expedfcant upon, or subject un- fe^j by this to, the estate or interest of the said prisoner or fugitive hereby act.

vested in the said clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace; but that the estate, interest, and right whatsoever, of every other person and persons, shall remain, continue, and be saved to them, in the same manner as if this act had not been made.

XVI. Provided further, and be it enacted by the authority ™

aforesaid. That where any relit, not exceeding two years relit, Sphere relit 19 shall be due to any person or persons from such prisoner or pri- due, are to be loners, at the time of his or their r^spective discharges, in respect transferred to to any messuages, lands, or tenements, then in lease to such pri- ^ not foner or prisoner* respectively, for life pr lives, for years, at will, over to the

O 3 or assignees;

v^

192 Anno nono Georgii III. c. 26. [1768,

or otherwise, no goods or chatties then lying or being in or upon the respective tenements, liable to be distrained, shall be assigned by the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, in manner aforesaid, but shall, by such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer ailing as clerk of the peace, be transmitted to such landlord or landlords, or same person or persons intruded for him or them respectively, towards satisfailion of the relit then due, not exceeding two unlefc'they years relit, as aforesaid, unless the person or persons to whom shall agree to such assignment and conveyance shall be made by such clerk of satisfy the the peace, town clerk, or other officer ailing as clerk of the

landlord. peace, shall, by writing under his hand, or their respeilive

hands, before such assignment shall be made, agree to pay or satisfy to such landlord or landlords the relit to him or them re-fpeilively due, not exceeding two years relit as aforesaid ; to the intent that such landlord or landlords may be satisfied the relit or rents to him or them respeitively due, before any division of the estate or effeils of such prisoner or prisoners shall be made a-mong his other creditors, in like manner as he or they might be satisfied the relit to him or them respeilively due, before the removal of such goods and chatties, by virtue 6f dh execution, by force of the Statute made in the eighth year of her late Majesty's A& 8 Ann*, reign, intituled, An act for the better security of , and to prevent frauds committed by tenants ; any thing herein before con-„ tained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVII. Provided also, and be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this a<$l shall extend, or be construed to hipder or prevent, any mortgage or mortgages upon the estate

nizance8, and of such prisoner or prisoners, or any part thereof, to take place are^o^take8, upon lands, tenements, or hereditaments comprised in such place, prefer- mortgage or mortgages respectively; nor to prevent any Statute able to claim* staple, Statute merchant, recognizance, or judgement, acknow-an inferior ledged by, or obtained against, any such prisoner or prisoners,

....* to take place upon the lands, tenements, or real estate of such

prisoner or prisoners ; and also where any inquisition shall have been taken upon any such Statute or recognizance, or any writ of execution shall have been taken out and delivered to the sheriff or proper officer, upon any such judgement, before such discharge shall be given in open session to any such person as aforesaid, the personal estate of every such prisoner respectively shall be subje<5l thereto, in the first place, for so much as shall remain due upon such mortgage, Statute, recognizance, or judgement respe<5tively, in like manner as such mortgages and creditors, by Statute, recognizance, or judgement, would have been preferred to other creditors of an inferior nature, against the real or personal estate of such prisoner and prisoners respectively, if this act had not been made; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And whereas many persons who may be intitled to,

and claim the benefit of, this act, are seised and possessed of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to hold to such prisoners ' for

All mortgages, fta tutes, recog

nature.

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 26. 19$

for the term of their natural lives, with power of granting leases, and taking fines, referring small rents on such estates, for one, two, or three lives, in possession or reversion, or for some number of years determinable upon lives; which said powers ought to be executed for the benefit of the creditors of such prisoners; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in every Power in the such case, all and every the powers of leafing such lands, jtene- prisoner of ments, and hereditaments, which are or shall be veiled in any such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby the* afS^nees* vested in the assignee or assignees of the real and personal estate B of such prisoner, by virtue of this act, to be by such assignee or assignees executed for the benefit of all and every the creditors of such prisoners as aforesaid.

XIX. And whereas in some gaols or prisons in this kingdom, the office of gaoler or keeper is held in fee for life, or otherwise, by persons who never act as gaolers or keepers themselves, or know any thing of the prisoners therein, but depute or employ some person or persons under them as gaolers or keepers of such

gaols or prisons 5 be it therefore enacted, That in every such case, The a£Hng 2ie person who shall have been actually employed and a<5ted as gaoler at the deputed gaoler or keeper of any such gaol or prison, at the time tim.eof Jeli-of the delivering in the lifts, hereby directed to be delivered in, ^"fnly of prisoners in any such gaol or prison, at any general or quarter fef- liable to be. fion of the peace, or some adjournment thereof, and not the fwora. principal gaoler or keeper (unless where such principal gaoler or keeper shall act as a gaoler or keeper himself) shall take the oath herein before appointed to be taken by the gaoler or keeper of every such gaol or prison.

XX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. Court, if re-That the justices at any general or quarter session of the peace, quired by a or adjournment thereof, to which any prisoner shall be brought creditor, of-in pursuance of this act, shall, if required .by any creditor or creditors of any such prisoner or prisoners, who shall oppose his charge is to or her discharge, administer and give to the gaoler, or the per- adrafnifter the son who acts as gaoler or keeper of any such prison, at the following time of bringing up any such prisoner in order to be discharged ^okr° ^ under thi6 act, an oath to the following effect (that is to say) s r*

I A. B. do swear. That was really and truly a Tk* oat^* prisoner in my custody, in the prison of to the heft

of my knowledge and belief,\at or upon the twenty ninth day September, one thousand seven hundred and eight 5 and that the copy or copies of the cause or causes of his or her commitment or detainer, now by me brought with the body of the said and produced to this court, is or are a true copy or copies of the cause or causes of such detainer or commitment, without any fraud or deceit by me, or any other person whatsoever, to the best of my - ' ledge and belief.

So help me G O Df

And if any person who was gaoler or keeper, or deputed if such person gwler or keeper, of any such gaol or prison on the said twen- fliail not have

O* ty

ig4 Anno nono Georgii III. c. [1768:

been the gao- ty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and six-or since, shall not happen to be the gaoler or keeper, the following1 oT deputed gaoler or keeper, of any such gaol or prison, at the oath is to be time any such lift as aforesaid is herein required to be delivered administered in, then the justices at any such session, or at any adjournment tohim. thereof, may, and are hereby required to administer and give the respective person or persons who shall be gaoler or keeper, or deputed goaler o keeper, of any such gaol or prison* and deliver in any such lift as aforesaid at any such general or quarter session, or any adjournment thereof, an oath, touching the commitments or books of commitment of any such prison, to the effect following (that is to say)

The oath. A. B. do j wear, That I have examined the r, or books

X kept of or concerning the , of to the prison of

in the county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty of as the case j

shall be ; and that I do verily believe that the said or

books of commitment, are really , and not , nor calculated

for this purpose 5 and by them it doth , that was on the twenty ninth day 0/September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eighty really and truly a in the actual

of the then gaoler or , or deputed gaoler or

keeper, of the said prison, withoutfraud or deceit by me> or any other person or persons to my knowledge and belief.

So help me GOD.

Court, if required by a creditor, may iummon the person who acted as gaoler on 29 Sept. >7.6$, or since,

and examine him'touching the commitment and continuance in custody of the prisoner.

Gaoler disobeying the warrant, or order of the court, &c. forfeits i oo 1. with treble coils.

XXI. And in order to discover any fraudulent entries orcom~ mitments of prisoners in any gaol books, be it further er.acted by the authority aforesaid, That the justices at any general or quarter session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, are hereby authorized, at the request of any creditor or creditors of any prisoner, to convene before them, at some certain time to be appointed by them, any person or persons who was or were gaoler or keeper, or reputed gaoler or keeper, of any gaol or prison within their respective jurisdictions, on the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, or at any time since ; and to examine every such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, on oath, touching the commitment and continuance in custody of any such prisoner, as the justices, at any such general or quarter session, or adjournment thereof, shall think fit: and if any sheriff, gaoler, or keeper, or reputed gaoler or keeper, shall negle<5i or refuse to bring before such justices at any session of the peace, or adjournment thereof, any prisoner as shall be directed and required by warrant of any justice or justices as aforesaid, or to attend or being fommoned for that purpose; or if any gaoler or keeper atfendr ing, shall refuse to make answer and discovery in the preipiffes* as shall be reasonably required at such general or quarter session, or any adjournment thereof; he, (he, or they, so offending in the premisses, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay thp

f«8»

^

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 26. 19$

Cum of. one hundred pounds, to be recovered by and in the name, and for the use, of the party injured, by action .of debt to be brought in his or her name, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, together with treble costs of suit

XXII. And whereas great number of workmen, skilful in the several trades'and manufactures of this kingdom, and alfp many able Teamen and mariners* finding themselves unable to satisfy the whole of their respective debts, and dreading the miseries of a gaol, have chose to leave their employments and native country, and have entered themselves in foreign service: and where-as their continuance abroad must be of great prejudice to the trade of this kingdom; in order therefore to induce and enable '

such persons to return, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all and every debtor and debtors, lyho was or were a6tu- Debtors who ally beyond the seas in foreign parts on the said twenty ninth 'Yer^ beyond .day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight,

and did not go into such foreign parts with the view or intent to surrendering* gain or have the benefit of an insolvent debtors act, who shall themselves, Teturn and surrender himself or themselves unto the gaoler or j”ay I***® **** gaolers, keeper or keepers of the prisons of the King's alt C °

Marjhdlfea, or Fleet, or to the gaoler or keeper, pr deputed

gaoler or keeper, of the prison or prisons of such county, city, town, riding, division, liberty, or place, where such debtor or debtors last dwelt for the space of six months (which said gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers, is and are hereby required and impowered to receive and detain such debtpr or debtors surrendering as aforesaid, in order to their discharge ?s herein after-mentioned) shall, from and immediately after such surrender as aforesaid, be deemed a prisoner o.r prisoners within, and be to all intents and purposes intitled to, the benefit of this act; and shall, upon due proof of the said premifies, by the oath of such debtor or debtors (not disproved by any credible witness) be discharged in the same manner as if he, she, or they, had been actually in prison on the said twenty ninth day of , one thousand

(even hundred and sixty eight, and continued therein as aforesaid ; subject nevertheless to the fame reftridtioos and provisions, upon the fame and a compliance with the like terms, conditions, and qualifica- terms as tiens, herein before imposed upon the said prisoners actually in other prison-custody upon the said twenty ninth day of , one thou- ers*

sand seven hundred and sixty eight, and also subject to the terms and provisions relating to the estate artd effects of such prisoner .aforesaid; excepting only such particulars thereof, as require<;xc«Pt,nJ5 the name of a prisoner to be inserted in the gaoler's or keeper's whereto* lift as aforesaid, or relate to the oaths of such gaoler or keeper the cases of herein before appointed to be taken, which particulars cannot both differ, possibly be applied to the cpfe of persons surrenderine themselves as aforesaid; and also except the said oath herein before appointed to be taken by prisoners iq custody upon the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight; instead whereof, the said person or persons so surrender-(ball take at> it) open pourt at fojpc general or quar-

v^

j96 * Annoftono Georgii III. [1768.

ter session of the peace, or some adjournment thereof, of the county, city,^ town, riding, division, place, or liberty, in the yirifon of which any such fugitive of debtor shall be held, after the surrender of any such fugitive or debtor, to the effect following ; which the said justices authorized to put this act in execution, are hereby required and impowered to administer, in such manner asthe oaths herein before mentioned are to be administered.

Fugitive* T A. B. upon my corporal in the presence

oatiu JL solemnly /wear, protejl, and That I was actually on the

twenty ninth day 0/“ September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, beyond the seas in foreign parts, videlicet, at

an ft hat the schedule now delivered and by me , doth con-

tain, to the heftof my knowledgebelief, a full, true, and perfect account and discovery of all the real ejlate, goods, effects, and other personab estate, in any wise belonging to me 5 and alfi

of all such debts as are to me owing, or to any or persons in Jfor me; and of all the securities and contracts whereby any money now is, or will or may hereafter become payable, or whereby or wherefrom any benefit or advantage may accrue to me, or to my use, or to any other person or persons in trust for me; and the names and places of abode of the several persons from whom such debts are due and owing 5 and of the witnesses that can prove such debts or contracts, if any such there be; and that neither I, nor any person or persons in trust for me, if or are seised of any real estate in possession, reversion, or remainder, or expectanty, or of any person al estate of any kind whatsoever* other than

what are in the said schedule contained except my wearing apparel, and bedding for myself and family, my working tools, and neceJJ'ary implements for my occupation and calling, not exceeding, in the whole, the value of ten pounds; and that I have not, or indirectly,

fold, lessened, or otherwise conveyed, disposed of in trust, or

id,all or any part of my real estate, money, goods, chatties, flocks, debts, securities, contracts, or other personal estate whasoever,

* by to secure the fame, so as to receive or expeCt any profit or advantage therefrom to myfelfor family, or with any view, intent, or de-ftgn, to defraud or deceive any creditor or creditors, to whom I am indebted in any wise howsoever, or prevent their recovering or attaining their respective debts.

So help me GOD,

Gaoler and XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Gazette°^or ^kat if any gaoler or keeper of any prison, or his deputy or de-other news puties, shall, without just cause, to be approved of by the ju-paper, not dices at some general or quarter session of the peace, or adjourn-

complying ment thereof, within their respective jurisdictions, refuse or de*

^uiations^ *ay to any such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid to any this^aa, for- such general or quarter section, or some adjournment thereof, feit 1 of I. to in order to his or her discharge; or shall neg!e&, refuse, or de-the ptifoners, signedly omit to insert, in any such lift, the nam^ or names of coS offtiit. any ^ch prisoneror prisoner* who was or were actually in custo-

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. C.2

Ay in his or their respe<5tive gaol or prison on the^ said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, or since 5 or shall neglect or refuse to make out, fix up, or deliver such lifts as aforesaid ; or if any such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall neglect or refuse to take any of the said oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by himy or shall, upon any account or pretence what-fbever, take or receive more than the said sum of one shilling herein before allowed for his or her attendance in order to be discharged of such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaidor shall detain any such prisoner after he or she shall be discharged as aforesaid y or if the printer of the London , or other news

paper ?s aforesaid, shall wilfully refuse or neglect to insert therein the name, trade, occupation, and last place of abode, of such prisoner, on reasonable request to him made for that purpose, and tender of the money hereby directed to be paid or shall take or receive any fee or gratuity more than two pence as aforesaid for doing thereof; every such gaoler and keeper of such prison or prisons, his deputy or deputies, and every such printer as aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit and pay to each prisoner, in any such case injured, the sum of one hundred poundswhich shall and may be recovered, with treble costs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts of record at Westminster, wherein no effoin, protedfion, or wager of

law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXIV. And be, it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, C0IW That if any such gaoler or gaolers, or keeper or keepers, or any victed of per-deputed gaoler or keeper* of any prison, shall, in taking of the jury, forfeits afore-mentioned oaths, forswear or perjure himself, and shall 50®1- J«th thereof be lawfully convicted, such gaoler or keeper, or deputed

gaoler or keeper, of such prison or prisons (over and above such * penalties as may be inflicted on persons convicted of perjury)

shall, upon every such conviction, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds ; to be recovered, with full costs, by bill, plaint, or information, or action of debt, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no eftoin, protection, or wager of law, shall be allowed, by and in the name of such person or persons, his or their executors and administra-tors, to whom any assignment or conveyance, in pursuance of this act, shall be made, of tl\e estate and effects of such prisoner or prisoners 3 and if no such assignee or alfignees shall be living, and*

then in the name or names of any other creditor or creditors who the other to-Shall sue for the said penalties y to be applied, one moiety to the wards satisfy- informer or informers, and the other moiety towards satisfaction *he dc]5-t* of the debts of such his creditor or creditors. tore/ crcdl"

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any clerk of theCJ * f . peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting as

clerk of the peace, shall delay or refuse to give every or any such the prisoner ® prisoner so discharged as aforesaid, within ten days after his or copy of his her discharge, a copy of the order of his or her discharge, on discharge, the payment of two shillings and six pence, or shall take more or taking ex-

thanorbuarufec*

Go le

198

for the fame,

or for assign-ing over the

Snfoner's e-ate and effects

Anno nono Georgii III. c. . [tj68*

than the said sum of two shillings and six pence for such copy, or shall take more than two shillings for an alignment or conveyance^ such prisoner's estate or effects; every such clerk of of the peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting as c*er^ of the peace, who shall so offend, and who shall bafj forfeits 2o l.to convicted at any such general or quarter session of the peace, (Sr the prisoner any adjournment thereof, of any such offence, shall, for every such offenee, forfeit and pay to every such prisoner the sum of twenty pounds, as the justices of the peace, at any such general or quarter session of the peace, or adjournment thereof, shall order; and who are hereby impowered to cause the fame to be levied by diftiefs and sale of the goods of any such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, so offending.

Prisoner con- XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, yifted of per- That if any prisoner as aforesaid, or any other person or persons, asa felon f w^o ta^e ^erte^ of this act, shall forswear or perjsfre himself, herself, or themselves, in any oath to be taken under this act, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he, (he,xor they so bffending, shall be adjudged a felon, and suffer as such, without benefit of clergy.

XXVII. And }>e it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no {Serfon to be discharged by this act shall at any time here-

)i able Vo arrest after, be imprisoned by reason of any judgement or decree ob-for debts, &c. tained nr payment of money only, pr for any debt, damages, ontradted be- contempts, costs, sum or sums of money, contracted, incurred, fore Sept. 0CCafi0ned, owing, or growing due, before the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight; but that upon every arrest upon every judgement or fuen decree, or for such debts, damages, contempts, costs, sum and sums of money, it shall and may be lawful for any judge of the court where the process issued, upon shewing the copy of the order of such prisoner's discharge or discharges, to release and difchjrge out 'of custody such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid ; ( and every such judge is hereby impowered fp to do on such pri* foner's causing a common appearance to be entered for him in every such action and suit.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action of escape, or any suit or action, be brought against any jqftice or justices of the peace, sheriff, gaoler, or keeper of any prison, for performing their office, in pursuance of this act, they may plead the general issue, and give this act in evidence5 arid if the plaintiff be nonsuited or discontinue his action, or /erdidt pass against him, or judgement upon demurrer, the defendant shall have treble costs.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Scire facias, or action of debt, or upon judgement.

Persons discharged by this act. not

VW'

Justices, (he-riffs, and gaolers, mav plead this act to any action of escape, or suit brought against them, and recover treble costs.

Persons dif charged may

pkaf general- shall he brought against any prisoner, his or her heirs, execu ly, fcc. to all tors, or administrators, upon any judgemen

actions or ju^tgements

judgement obtained against any such prisoner, or in any Statute or recognizance acknowledged by him or her, before the said twenty ninth day of Sep-

tmkrt

*7^8.]

Anno nono Georgii III. c.26.

»99

a -them

timber* one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, with respect: brought to prisoners in actual custody, or with respect to debtors beyond g*j.n“ ^ the seas, as aforesaid, upon the said twenty ninth day of Cpt*

timber* one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, it lnall be * lawful for any such prisoner, his or her heirs, executors, St ajh-ministrators, to plead generally that such prisoner was actual^a prisoner in, such prison at such a person's suit, or was br ieere beyond the leas ip foreign parts on the said twenty ninlh day of September* one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, and was or were duly discharged according to this act, at the general or quarter session, or adjournment thereof, held at such time and place for such county, riding, division, liberty, city, town, or place (as his, her, or their case is) without pleading any matter specially; and in case any other suit or action shall be com- and in other menced against him, her, or them, for any otner debt, sum or fairs, may sums of money, due before the said twenty ninth of , P*ead

one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, to plead m/dif- SrSuVrom charge of his 6r her person from execution (over and aboveifuch execution, matters as aforesaid) that such debt or sum of money (as the case shall happen) was contracted or due before the said twenty ninth day of September* one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, without pleading any other matter specially j .whereto t by plain tiffs shall or may reply generally, and deny the matters Plaintiff may pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any otler matter or thing which reply general-may shew the said defendant not to WThftitled to the btnefit of this act, or not duly discharged according to it, in the fame rr*an^ ner as the plaintiff might have replied, in case the defendant had pleaded this act, and hi£ discharge by virtue of this act fpe- daily j arftf if the plaintiff be nonsuited, discontinue his action, suited^ta or verdict pass against him, or judgement on demurrer, the de- pay treble fendant to have treble costs. costs.

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Bankrupts not aforesaid, That no person against whom a commission of bank- obtaining rupt hath been awarded and issued out, and who hath not al- their certifi-ready obtained his certificate and discharge of his debts, in pur- £at*8 *en fuance of and in such manner as is directed by some or one of e^fro^the" the acts of parliament now in force relating to or concerning benefit of this bankrupts, or shall not obtain such certificate and discharge before such time as he shall be brought before the justices of the >peace at their general or quarter session, or some adjournment thereof, held as aforesaid, in order to be discharged in-pursuance of this act, shall have or receive any benefit or advantage of or under this act, nor be deemed to be within the meaning thereof.

1 XXXI. Provided also, That nothing in this act confined Attornies em. shall extend, or be construed to extend, to release or discharge bezzling, &c. any attorney at law, or solicitor, or any other person or persons clients money acting, or pretending to ad, as such, with regard to any debt ^fuwi^the^b " with which he or they shall stand charged, for any money, or nefi^of tb % pther effects, recovered and received by him or them, for thea&. use of any person or persons, bodies corporate or politick, and

by

i^

goo Anno nono Georgii III. c* 26. fij^l

by any attorney, solicitor, or other person or persons acting aj such, embezzled, concealed, or converted, to his Or their owi Ofe; ..or to release or discharge any servant or agent, or any pet*-son or persons employed or intruded as such, with regard to an] debt or demand with which he, (he, t>r they, shall stand charge *d, for and on account of any money, goods, or other effects, received or po(Te(Ted by him, her, or them, for the use, and on account of his, her, or their mailer or mailers, or employers, and by such servant or agent, embezzled, concealed, or converts ' ed to his, her, or their own use 5 any thing herein contained to

the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Gaoler to per- XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, suit the speak- That every gaoler or keeper of any prison shall and is hereby re-ing in private quired to lufier, in thd day-time, any person or persons desiring to prisoners, the fame, to fee and speak, in the lodge, or some convenient artinfertedin room of the said prison, with any prisoner or prisoners, whole

the lilt, or names are inserted in the afore-mentioned lift or lifts, or London Gazette, See. Gazette, or other news paper, or any ofVthem, or any perfons!

surrendering themselves pursuant to this act; and also fee, ini and the exa- the true and genuine books of the said prison, the entries mad& anining the ^ of the name or names of such prisoner or prisoners, together of entries °&c! name or names of the person or persons at whose suit or |

* suits he, (he, or they are detained: and if any such gaoler or keeper shall neglect or refuse to comply with what is here above requir-on penalty of# cd, every such gaoler or keeper, who shall so offend in the pre-40I. with * misses, shall forfeit and pay to the person so refused and aggriev-coits of /Uit, ed, the sum of forty pounds ; to be recovered, with coils of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts at Westminster, wherein no effoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed, by and in the name or names of the person or persons so refused or aggrieved.

Piifontr's fa- XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwith-aSd Ending the person of any prisoner or prisoners, fugitive or fu-

notwithitand- ghives, shall be discharged under this act, the future estates and ina his perfo- effects of every such prisoner and fugitive shall remain and be Ji-naidischarge, able to his, her, and their respective creditors ias before the liable to ere- making of this act, (his, her, or their necessary wearing apparel, and bedding, for his, her, or their families, and working tools parel”bfd-P~ implements necessary for his, her, or their trade or occupa-ding/and tien, not exceeding the value of ten pounds in the whole, only working excepted) and any creditor or creditors of any such prisoner or tools, &c. prisoners, fugitive or fugitives, may, at any time hereafter, sue

iol.evahie, nS out execution, extents, or other process, on any judgement at excepted. * the time of such discharge recovered, or Statute staple, or recognizance acknowledged by, or sentence or decree obtained again#, any such prisoner or fugitive, but not against his, her, or their person, or his, her, or their respective wearing apparel, bedding, working tools, and implements, as aforesaid.

Creditor may XXXIV. And be it also enacted, That any creditor or credi-iueforthe 1 tors of any prisoner dr prisoners, fugitive or fugitives* who shall

1 bs

t y Anno nono Georgii III, c. 26. 20t

be discharged under this act, may, at any time after any such recovery of discharge, commence and prosecute any action or suit against any d*bt due at such prisoner or fugitive, his, her, or their respective heirs, ex- prisoner** ecutors, pr administrators, for the recovery of any sum or sums discharge, oF money which shall be due from any such prisoner or prisoners, fugitive or fugitives, at the time of his or her said discharge, but shall not hold the person of any such prisoner or fugitive to special bail; nor shall take the person, necessary wearing apparel, t^e prisoner bedding, tools, or implements, as aforesaid, of any such prifo- special bail, ner or fugitive in execution, or any judgement, sentence, or de- nor take his cree, which shall hereafter be recoverea or obtained against any person> wear-such prisoner or fugitive: and in any action or suit, which shall ^dm^or be hereafter commenced against any such prisoner or fugitive, tooj8f his or her heirs, executors, or administrators, no benefit or ad- judgement; vantage shall be had or taken, for that the cause of action did ancFno advan-not accrue within three years next before the commencing of any J^enofthe such action or suit 5 nor shall any Statute of limitation be plead- cause of action * able, or be allowed to be pleadea in bar of or in any such action not accruing or suit, which shall be hereafter commenced by any such creditor within 3 year*, or creditors against any such prisoner or prisoners, unless such cause of action or suit did not accrue within three years next before any Station, such prisoner or fugitive shall be discharged under this act 5 ana Exception* in any such case, the fame may be pleaded by any such prisoner, . his or her heirs, executors, or administrators*

XXXV. Provided always, and be it likewise enacted, That Discharge of by the discharge of any prisoner or fugitive by force of this act, ^uittaUo no other person or persons who was or were partner or partners the copartner in trade with any such prisoner or fugitive, at the time of his or or furetie*. her discharge under this act, or then stood bound,1 engaged with,

- or liable to, the payment of any debt with any such prisoner or fugitive, or engaged in any contrail whatsoever together with any such prisoner or fugitive, shall be discharged from any such debt or demand; but every such other person and persons shall severally (land and be chargeable with, and liable to pay, such debt and debts, and to perform such contrails, in like manner -as if any such prisoner or fugitive had never been discharged from the same.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any gaoler or gaoler mak-keeper, or reputed gaoler or keeper, of any prison or prisons, h^the' shall make, or cause to be made, any false entries in any book prison book or or books belonging to any prison or gaol under his care, or of lifts, forfeits which he is or was gaoler, or shall prepare or keep, or cause to 5°®1- with be prepared or kept, any false book or books, in order for any lrc e co1 ** false or untrue entry or entries to be made therein; or shall in-

fert in any list to be delivered in as aforesaid, the name or names of any person or persons who was not a prisoner or prisoners in actual custody in any such gaol or prison upon the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, or shall not have ever since remained in such allual custody ; except as in the oath of any such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall be excepted j every such gaoler

or

v^

Anno none CeorGji III. c. 2

202

over and a. orke eper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall, over and above k0** °fhCr Pena*l*cs which he shall be liable to for every such fraud. Such fraud!f' ^or^t an<* PaY the ^um of hvc hundred pounds, to be recovered, with treble costs of suit, by and in the name, and for the use, of any person or persons who shall be prejudiced by any entry, or such false entries 9 which penalties shall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any v of his Majesty's courts of record at wherein no essoin,

protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

Prisoner re- XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any prisoner, iafing to de- being thereunto required by any creditor, shall refuse to discover dare the a- and declare the trade or occupation and habitation or lad place bode, &c. of of abode, of the person or persons at whose suit he or she is de-who^eFfuit he ta‘nec* or charged in cudody 9 or being called for and desired, is detained, or by any creditor or creditors, to come to the lodge of the prison to come to the in which any such prisoner shall be confined, without some rea-creditor in sonable cause being made appear to the contrary; every such ifexekided Pr^oner> upon proof being made thereof before the judices at the benefit of any general or quarter session of the peace, or any adjournment this a it. thereof, to be held as aforesaid, shall not have or receive any benefit or discharge by or under this act; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And whereas there is but one common or county gaol for each of the respective counties of York and ,

which said counties are each of them divided into several ridings or divisions, all which have several commissions of the peace 9 and if the gaolers of those gaols be obliged to carry the debtors, prisoners therein, to the quarter session of each, riding or division, the fame will be a very great charge, not only to such gaolers, but also to the prisoners in those large counties 5 be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for two or .more judices of the peace for each of

to meet at the the ridings and divisions in the respective counties, at the com-coiinty gaols, mon or county goal thereof respectively, or at some convenient place near thereto, and they are hereby required to assemble and meet, and to hold session there, by adjournment' from their respective quarter session, from time to time, for the discharge of the respective prisoners therein, according to the powers, limitations, and directions of this aCh.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all debtors, and others, who were in prison on or

for their fees, before the said twenty ninth day of , one thousand fe-

or other de- ven hundred and sixty eight, or (ince, in any of the gaols of this kingdom, and now remain there for not paying their fees, rents, or any other demands, due, or claimed as due, to the keeper or gaoler of any prison respectively, or to any other officer of any such prison, and upon no other account, shall be dischargea therefrom, he, (he, or they, taking the oath by this act required to be taken by prisoners.

Pre-

judices for Com' York and Lincoln

&c. for discharge of prisoners.

Those who are pri (oners

mands of the gaoler dr officer, to be discharged.

1768.] Anno noiio Georgii III. c. 25. 203

XL. Provided always, That this act: shall not extend to dif- Debtors to the charge any person out of prison, seeking his or her discharge cr?^n>and under this act, with respect to any debt with which he or she Swe°abovr ° shall Hand charged at the suit of the crown, or shall be indebt- 10001, to one ed to any body politick or corporate, or to any one person, in person, wnlefs any sum exceeding the sum of one thousand pounds, befidesthe creditors interest and costs, unless such body politick or corporate, cSccluded^he creditor, shall consent thereto; and if any such body politick benefit of this or corporate, creditor or creditors, to whom a sum exceeding aft. one thousand pounds shall be owing, shall oppose the discharge Creditor of* of such prisoner, and shall infill that such prisoner be continue posing prison-ed in gaol, that then, and in such case, such body politick or er's discharge, corporate, or creditor or creditors, opposing the said prisoner's to ad°w h,,n discharge as aforesaid, shall, at his, her, or their proper costs ^‘elc * per and charges, allow and pay in the whole such a weekly maintenance to the said prisoner, not exceeding three shillings and six pence per week, in such manner as the said justices in their general or quarter session, or some adjournment thereof, shall order; and upon nonpayment of the fame for the space of fix On nonpay-weeks, the said prisoner, upon application to the said justices in ment, prisoner their general or quarter session held as aforesaid, shall be dif-t(? bc charged pursuant to the intent and meaning of this act. * c arge

XLI. Provided also, That every person and persons intitled, Discharges to or to be intitled, to the benefit of this acSt, shall obtain their be obtained respective discharges on or before the first day of , one by 1 Augull, thousand seven hundred and seventy one, or (nail be excluded ®771* from all benefit of this act.

XLII. And whereas it may happen that several persons who may claim and be intitled to the benefit of this act, are seised of an estate tail, in some freehold or copyhold lands, ten, or ;

which entail, with the remainders thereupon , they have by

law power to defeat and bar, either by levying a fine or , suffer* ing a common recovery or common recoveries, or by surrender or -

renders thereof, whereby such person or persons said freehold or -

hold lands, tenements, or hereditaments, would be liable to the ment of their debts, and be delivered up, according to the terms of this act, for the benefit of their creditors; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid, That, in every such case, such person or persons so seised as aforesaid, and who shall be intitled to, and persons seised claim the benefit of this act, shall, to all intents and purposes of an estate whatsoever in law, be deemed and taken, and is and are here- tai,» claiming by declared, to be seised of such lands, tenements, and heredi- ^fs^Sare laments, in fee; provided the fame shall be delivered up to the to deliver up creditor or creditors of every such prisoner, in the same manner the fame ro as if such persons or person had actually levied a fine, suffered athe creditors, common recovery or recoveries, or made a surrender or surrenders thereof, and thereby had become seised in fee 5 any law, or construction of law, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLlll. And whereas many prisoners who may be intitled to, and claim the benefit of this act, have been great dealers, or otherwtfi en~

Vol. XXVIII. P ' gaged

204

Anno nono Georgii III. c. 26- [17

gaged in large transactions, whereby they may be to

and great debts and demands, of various and intricate arid

they may be intitled to equities of redemption of and liable to mortgages, judgements, or other or to

remainders, or other contingent estates in lands, tenements, or taments,or to other tfufls or interests in both real and perfo-

nal which may not be Jufficientlyor discovered in the schedtile

or inventory before dire died to be delivered in, upon the

foner to be dijcharged as afarefaid, or which may want his aid or af-fiftance to adjust, make out, recover, or manage, for the benefit of the creditors 5 be it therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid, That Assignees may it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective assignees apply for fur- the estate and effects of such prisoner or prisoners who shall ob-tien ofa rifon tam her, or their discharge, in pursuance of this act, or er,"touching11 any °ther person or persons duly authorized by them for that the discovery purpose, from time to time, to apply to any two or more of the of his effects, justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, town,

&c# place, or liberty, where such prisoner or prisoners shall be then

residing, thereby desiring, that such prisoner or prisoners may be further examined as to any matters or things relating to his, her, or their estate or effects; whereupon such justices shall and justices', fend for, or call before them, such prisoner or prisoners by such may fend for warrant, summons, ways or means, as they shall think fit 5 ajid examine an,^ Upon such prisoner's appearing, shall examine him, hery accordingly. or them, as well upon oath as otherwise, as to such matters * and things as such afiignee shall desire, relating to the estate and Prisoner re- effects of such prisoner or prisoners ; and if any prisoner or pri-fufmg to ap- fohers (on payment or tender of payment of such reasonable answer upon C^arges as such justices shall judge sufficient) shall neglect or oath, may be refuse to come and appear, not having a lawful excuse, to be committed, made known to such justices, and by them allowed, or, being come before them, shall refuse to be sworn or to answer to all v such questions as by such justices shall be put to him, her, or them, relating to the discovery of his, her, or their estate or effects so vested, or intended to be veiled, in such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer, acting as clerk of the peace, or in such assignees, as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be . lawful to and for such justices, by warrant under their hands and seals, to apprehend such prisoner or prisoners so offending as aforesaid, and him, her, or them, to commit to the county gaol,

«* there to remain without bail or mainprize, »until such time as

he, (he, or they, shall submit him, her, or themselves, to such justices, and answer upon oath to all such lawful questions as shall by such justices be put to him, her, or them, for the purposes aforesaid.

401. percent. XLIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, allowed on That all and every such person and persons who shall, within wkhiiTi*"2 twelve months after the discharge of such prisoner or prisoners, months^ any voluntarily come in and make a discovery of any part of such part of the 7 debtor or debtors real or personal estate as shall not be compriz-prisoner's e- ed in such schedulet as aforesaid, before any justices aforesaid,

6 shall

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 26.' 205

shall be allowed after the rate of twenty pounds , out date not rc-

of the net produce of such debtor or debtors estate, which shall rUunId.in the be recovered on such discovery, and which shall be paid to such,c c u c* person or persons so discovering the fame, by the assignee or assignees of such prisoner's estate and effects.

XLV. Provided always, and be it enacted, T^hat notwitH- Discharge ob-standing the discharge of any prisoner or prisoners by virtue of tained fraudu-this act, if it shall hereafter appear the fame was obtained frau- ,ently>void* dulently, or that any'part of the oath taken by any such prisoner was not true; then, and in every such case, every such discharge shall be void and of none effedh

XL VI. And for the better discovery of the estate and persons con-

cny prisoner who shall be discharged by virtue of this afty be it en- cealing any a<sted by the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons of *f- J who shall have accepted of any trust or trusts, and shall wilful- prisoner for-ly conceal or protect any estate, real or personal, of any such fe loos. an<i prisoner from his creditors, and shall not, within thirty days double value, after any assignee or assignees shall, in pursuance of this act, be treble chose of any such prisoner's estate, discover and disclose to fuchcoft#offuit' assignee or assignees such trust and estate in writing, and deliver tip or make over the fame to such assignee or assignees, he, (he, or they, so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and also double the value of the estate, either real or personal, so concealed, to and for the use of the creditors of any such prisoner; to be recovered by action of debt, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at , /

in the name or names of the assignee or assignees of such prifo-ner's estate, together with treble costs of suit.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Assignees,' That it shall be lawful at all times hereafter, for any assignee or with consent assignees of the estate or effects of any prisoner or prisoners, of the majori-Who shall be chose in pursuance of this act, by and with the 2 consent of the major part in value of such prisoner or prisoners JnayCcom-creditors, who shall be present at a meeting to be had on twen- pound for ty one days publick notice being previously given for the purpose debts due to hereafter mentioned in the London Gazett, if the prisoner was tjje Pnfoner l in custody in London or within the weekly bills of mortality, and e a * * if not, then also in some news paper which shall be published in the county, city, or place, in or near which any such person shall have been in gaol, to make composition with any person or persons, debtors or accountants to such prisoner or prisoners, vfhere the fame shall appear necessary or reasonable; and to take such reasonable part of any such debt as can, upon such composition, be gotten, in full discharge of such debts and accounts ; and also to submit any difference or dispute between such assignee or and may fub-assignees, and any person or persons, for or on account, or by any dif-reason or means of any matter, cause, or thing, relating to such prisoner or prisoners estate or effedfs, or to any debt or debts ^tration°* due, or claimed to be due, to or from such prisoner or prisoners,

to the final end and determination of arbitrators to be chosen by the said assignee or assignees, and the major part in value of

P 2 such

io6 Anno nono Georgii III: c.26. [1768.

such creditors, and the party or parties with whom they shall have no difference, and to perform the award of such arbi-orotherwise trators, or of any umpire to be chosen by them ; or otherwise may settle and ^ settle and agree file matters in difference and dispute between fame*as they them, in such manner as the said assignee or assignees, with such shall think fit. consent as aforesaid, shall think fit, and can agree, and the fame shall be binding to all the creditors of such prisoner or prisoners; and every such assignee or assignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they shall fairly do in the premisses in purfuance1 of this act.

XLVIIL And, to the intent and purpose that the estate and effects of such prisoner or prisoners as shall be discharged by virtue of this act, may be duly and faithfully applied for the benefit of his, her, or their real creditors, be it enacted by the Assignees may authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for he petitioned the respective courts at West, and the courts of great fef-*or ^on *n Walesyand *n t^le principality of , and the counties

palatine of Lancaster and , respectively, from whence management, any process issued upon which any such prisoner or prisoners was or other mif- orwere committed, or where the process issued out of any other behaviour § court, to and for the judges of the court of King's , Common Pleas, and Exchequer, or of Great Sessions aforesaid, within

their respective jurisdictions, or any one of them, from time to time, upon the petition of any such prisoner, or the creditor or creditors of such prisoner or prisoners, complaining of any in-sufficiency, fraud, mismanagement, or other misbehaviour of any assignee or assignees of the estate or effects of any such prisoner or prisoners, to summon all parties concerned, and, upon hearing the parties concerned therein to make and give such orders and directions therein, either for the removal or difplac-ing such afiignee or assignees, and the appointing any new assignee or assignees in the place or stead of such afiignee or af-Aerein asthey fjgnees so to be removed or displaced, or for the prudent, just,* mall think fit. or eqUjtable management or distribution of the estate and esse<5ts of any such prisoner for the benefit of the respective creditors, as the said courts or judges respectively shall think fit 5 and in case of the removal or displacing of any afiignee or assignees, and the appointing of any new assignee or assignees, the estate or esse<51s of such prisoner or prisoners shall, from thenceforth, be diverted out of the assignee or assignees so removed or displaced, and be vested in, and delivered over to, such new assignee or assignees, in the same manner, and for the fame intents and purposes, as the fame were before vested in the assignee or assignees first chose as aforesaid ; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Where mutual XLIX. Provided always, and be it it enacted by the autho-credithasbeen rity aforesaid. That in all cases where mutual credit hath been given, the ba- given between any prisoner or prisoners who shall be discharged . in pursuance of this act, and any other person or persons, or lowed.30 3 * body politick or corporate, before the delivery of such schedute or inventory of the estate and effects of such prisoner or prifi>-

ners.

the court thereupon is to summon the parties and make such orders

x?68.] Anno nono Georgii III. e. 2^.

ners, upon oath, as aforesaid, the respective assignee and assignees of such prisoner or prisoners is and are hereby authorized and required, on his and their parts, to (late and allow an account between them and the other party or parties concerned ; and nothing more shall be deemed to be veiled in such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer, acting as clerk of the peace, or such assignee or assignees under such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer, acting as clerk of the peace, as the ellate or effects of such prisoner or prisoners, than what shall appear to be justly due to him, her, or them respectively, as and for the balance of such account when truly flated.

i L. And whereas many persons are often committed on attachments % Prisoner, for for not paying money awarded to be paid under fubmiffms to - not paying

tien by rules of court, or under submissions to arbitration , rded under

which submissions have been made rules of the court fin pursuance of an submissions to act passed in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of William the arbitration $

*Third, for determining differences by arbitration 5 and likewise for not paying of cojis duly and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper for not paying officery after proper demands made for that purpose; and aljo upon coftsj any writ of Excommunicato capiendo, or other process , or and upon writ grounded on, the non-payment of cojis or expences in any cause or - of pxcommunt-ceeding in any ecclestajlical court; it is hereby declared and enacted, That all such persons are and shall be intitled to the benefit &c«. ... of this act, and subject to the fame terms and conditions as * benefit are herein exprelTed and declared with respect to prisoners for this act. debt only.

LI. And whereas great numbers of poor people have been, Thofewhoare and are now, imprisoned for debt upon processes issuing out of prisoners up-courts of conscience ; it is hereby enacted and declared. That on process out all such prisoners shall be intitled to have the benefit of this a ft, ?on(d to

and be discharged under the fame, provided he, (he, or they, have^hebe-conform to the directions herein before prescribed, touching nefit of this other prisoners who shall be discharged by virtue of this act. aft*

LII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Quaker's af-That in all cases wherein by this act an oath is required, the formation to solemn affirmation of any person being a Quaker, shall and may be taken in be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every person mak.-aa ing such affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful and false affirming, shall incur and suffer such and the fame penalties as are inflicted and imposed by this act upon persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury.

LII1. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- Persons who thority aforesaid. That no person who took the benefit of an act t0°£ the be-passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty King "ttof cGeo.?, George the Third, intitled. An act for the relief of infohent , excluded.

shall have or receive any benefit or advantage of or under this. aft, nor be deemed to be within the intent and meaning thereof, so as to be discharged under the fame ; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

P 3 LIV. Pro-

v^

tto8

This act not to extend to Scotland.

Anno nono Georgii III. c. [176$.

LIV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

CAP. XXVII.

An act to continue certain laws therein , for -

ing, for a limited time, a liberty to carry rice from his Majesty's provinces of South and North Carolina and Georgia, directly to any part of America to the south-ward of the said provinces, Subject to the like duty as is now paid on the exportation of rice from the said colonies to places in Europe fttuate to the southward of Cape Finifterre.

Preamble. TT THERE AS it is expedient that the laws herein after -

V V ed,which have been found useful and which

are near expiring, Should be continued; may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritua) and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament ailembled, and by the authority of the fame. That Act 4 Ge®* an act made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Maje-rice^om*10^ *nt,tu^ec^> din act for for a limited a liberty to

SouthCarJina carrJ rUe from his Mojeffy's provinces of South Carolina and Georgia, Georgia, directly to any part of America to the southward of the &c. said provinces, subject to the like duty as is now paid on the exporta-

tien of rice from the said colonies to places in Europe fttuate to the and clause in southward 0/Xape Finifterre; and also a clause in an act made aft 5 Geo. 3. in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act allowing like for more effectually securing and encouraging the trade of his N. Carolina $'* American dominions; for repealing the inland duty on

* imposed by an act made in the thirty secondyear of his late majesty King George the Second; and for granting an inland duty on all coffee

ported *( except coffee of the growth of the British dominions in America) ; for altering the bounties and drawbacks upon sugars ;

for repealing part of an act made in the twenty third year of his said late Majesty, whereby bar iron made in the said dominions was prohi-

ted to be exported from Great Britain, or carried coastwise; and for regulating the fees of officers of the customs in the said dominions; which gave liberty to carry rice from North in the fame

manner, and under the like entries, securities, restrictions, regulations, limitations, duties, penalties* and forfeitures, as were enacted by the said act made in the fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, with respect to carrying rice to the southward of Sduth Carolina and Georgia; which have continuance for five years from the twenty fourth day of , one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the end of the then are continued next session of parliament; shall be, and the fame are hereby for the further continued from the expiration thereof for the term of five years, |Cy«ar<. and ^rgm thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP.

v^

1768.]

Anno nono Georgii III. c. 284

209

CAP. XXVIII.

An att to permit the inhabitants of Jersey and Guernsey to export directly from tbmce to Newfoundland, or the Bri-

tish Colonies in America* goods for the fishery,

under certain restrictions, and to import from thence -enumerated goods (except rum) and to land the fame in the said islands.

XI7 HERE AS by an act made in the fifteenth year of the reign of Preamble, re-V V his late majesty King Charles the , An act citing clauses

for the encouragement of trade, it is amongst other JJ aft 15

That no commodity of the growth, production, or manufacture of ar* *' Europe* shall be imported into any land,

territory, or place, to his Majesty belonging, or which shall hereafter

belong unto, or be in the possesston of, his Majesty, his heirs, cessors, in Alia, Africa, or America, ( e as therein is excepted) but what shall be bona side, and without fraud, laden and shipped in England or Wales, or the town 0/* Berwick upon Tweed, under the penalties in the said act mentioned 5 and whereas by an act made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, any officer and 4 Gep. 3, his Majesty's customs is impowered to flop any British ship or arriving from any part of Europe, which fixall be discovered within two '

leagues of the shore of any of the British colonies or plantations in merica, and to seize and take from thence, as forfeited, any goods ( cept such as in the said act are mentioned) for which the master or other person taking charge of such ship or vessel shall not produce a cocket or clearance from the collector or proper officer of his customs, certifying that the said goods were laden on board the said * ship or vessel infome part of Great Britain: and whereas the fishing trade carried on by the inhabitants of Jersey Guernsey at Newfoundland, and other of the British colonies and plantations in North America, is highly beneficial to this kingdom, in the employing great numbers of seamen and flips, and in the use and consumption of great quantities ^British manufactures; and it is therefore expedient for the encouragement of that trade, to permit the said inhabitants of Jersey and Guernsey to export direClly from thence such articles as are necessary for their carrying on the said fishery: may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the-King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons inhabitants of inhabiting in the said islands of Jersey or Guernsey to ship and Jersey or lade in the said islands, and to transport directly from thence to Guernsey al-Newfoundland, or to any other of the British colonies or planta-1°^ t^Nevv-tiens in America, where the fishery is now or shall hereafter be foundland, or carried on, on board any ship or vessel which may lawfully trade other British there, any sort of craft, food, victuals, cloathing, or other goods, American cofit and necessary for the fishery in those parts, or for the use and ^oodsh

L.

2io ' Anno nono Georgii III. c. 28;' [1768*

or manufac- support of the mariners or other persons employed on board the fcir.e Oreat vefl*e]S) or on shore, in carrying on the said fiihery there ; such fary^or the craft, cloathing, or other goods, being the growth, produce, or fiihery j manufacture of Great Britain, or of the said islands of Jersey or Guernsey, and such food or victuals being of the growth or produce either of Great Brita, , or the said islands of Jr-fey or Guernsey ; any thing in the said acts, or any law or Statute, to the contrary notwithstanding. upon produc- Provided always, and it is hereby further declared and en-

ing a certifi- aCted by the authority aforesaid, That the matter or other per-cate to the son taking charge of such ship or vessel shall produce, to the proofficer of the per officer of the customs in the colony or plantation where he that°the* ^ arr*ve» a certificate, under the hand and seal of the gover-goods, &c. I nor, lieutenant or deputy governor, or commander in chief for are of such the time being, that oath had been made by the shipper of such growth or goods before the magistrates of the royal courts in or

manufac ure j Guernfeyrespectively, or any three of them that the goods

and victuals so shipped on board such ship or vessel are of such growth, product, or manufacture, as aforesaid ; which certificate shall also be attested by the principal officer of the customs in the said island refpC&ively, who shall certify, that the said oath was taken in his presence; and on failure of fame are^ia* Poncing such certificate as herein before directed, such craft, ble to for- food, victuals, cloathing, or other goods, found on'board any feiture. ship or vessel, and the vessel importing the fame, shall be liable to be seized and forfeited, in the fame mannpr as they would have been subject and liable if this act had not been made; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding. Clause in aft III. And whereas by an act made in the year of the reign of 6 Geo. 3. his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repealing certain du-

ties in the Britishcolonies and plantations granted by several acts of parliament; and also the duties imposed by an act made in the last session of parliament upon certain India goods exported from Great Britain, and for granting other duties instead thereof; and for encouraging, regulating, and securing, several branches of the trade of this kingdom, and the domi-

nions in America; iti$y amo other , enacted> that bond and security, in the penalties in the said recited abf , shall

given to the collector or other principal officer of the customs at any port or place in any of the British American colonies or ,

with one surety besides the master of every ship or vessel that shall lade or take on board there any non-enumerated with condition that such goods shall not be landed at any part of Europe to the northward of Cape Finifterre, except in Great Britain ; which exception was* and 7 Geo. 3 .by an all made in the feyenth year of his reign9 extended to

Ireland : and whereas it is reasonable to extend the like exception to the islands of Jersey and Guernsey: be it therefore enacted by the Non-enume- authority aforesaid, That any non-enumerated goods, except rated goods, rum> laden as aforesaid in any British American colony or plan- fadefi onboard tatlon> maY be landed in the said islands of Jersey or Guernsey; in any Britishf and that the said aCl made in the sixth year of his present Ma-A^erican cq* ^efty's reign, and all the reflations therein contained, so far as

1768.3 Anno nono Georgii III. c. 29. 211

the fame relates to the bond and (ecu rity for landing such non- lony, allowed enumerated goods in Great Britain, shall extend, and be con-!° landed

ftrued to extend, to the said islands of Jet fey and Guernsey also, Guernsey,°un-as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes qs if the said derthe regu-" islands had been excepted and named in the said aftj and that lations in the any bond which may have been or shall be entered into in pur- act of fuance of the said recited acts, or either of them, shall and may G<0# s* be cancelled and discharged by the certificate under the hands and seals of the magistrates of the royal courts of Jersey or Guernsey respectively, or any three of them, and the principal officer of the customs in such island respectively, testifying the landing such goods there, in the same manner as if the said goods had been ‘landed in Great Britain or Ireland 3 any thing in the said acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for the more effectual punishment of such persons as shall demolish or pull down, burn, or otherwise destroy or fpotl, any mill or mills; and for preventing the defraying or damaging of engines for draining collieries and mines; or bridges, waggon ways, or other things used in conveying coals, lead,tin, or other minerals, from mines *, or

fences for inclosing lands in pursuance of acts of ment.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the year of the reign re*

his late majesty King George the First, , An act for citing clause/

preventing tumults and riotous atTemblies, and for the more in act of 1 ipeedy and effectual punishing the rioters, it is, among other Geo. 1. things, enabled. That if any persons unlawfully, riotously, and -multuoufly assembled together, to the disturbance of the peace, shall unlawfully and with force demolish or pull down, or begin to

molish or pull down, any church or chapel, or any building for religious worship, certified and registered according to the Statute made in

the first year of the reign of the late King William and Mary, and aft 1 Wil.

intituled,An act for exempting their Majesties protestant sub- and Mary. n jests dissenting from the church of England from the penalties of certain laws, or any dwelling-house, barn, stable, or other house\ that then, every such demolishing or pulling down, or beginning to demolish or pull down,shall be adjudged felony without benefit

of clergy; and the offenders therein shall be adjudged felons, and shall fujfer death as in cases of felony without benefit of clergy: and whereas some doubts have arisen whether the said act extends to the pulling down and demolishing of mills: therefore, for remedying the mischiefs which may ensue therefrom, and for the more effectual punishment of such offenders, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons^ in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if The riotously *any person or persons unlawfully, riotously, and tumultuously assembling, assembled together, to the disturbance of the public peace, shall* orbeein-

L»

2i2 Anno nono Georgii III. c. 29^ [1768;.

fiing to demo-at any time after the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, unlawfully and with force demolish or pull m or 8* down, or begin to demolish or pull down, any wind faw mill, or other wind mill, or any water mill, or other mill which shall or any of the have been or shall be erected, or any of the works thereto rework* thereof, fpcdtively belonging; that then every such demolishing or pul*-“ theper- down, or beginning to demolish or pull down, shall be fons guilty adjudged felony without benefit of clergy, and the offenders ' thereof, with- therein shall be adjudged felons, and shall suffer death as in case out benefit of of felony without benefit of clergy.

c er§y> XI. And whereas no effectual provision hath heretofore been made

for preventing the burning of , be it therefore enacted by the

authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons shall from and after the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, wilfully or maliciously burn, or fet fire to, any wind as is also the ^aw or °*ber wind mill, or any water mill, or other mill; wilfully burn- such person so offending, being lawmlly convicted thereof, shall ing, orfetting be adjudged, guilty of felony without benefit of clergy, and shall , fire to any suffer death as in case of felony without benefit of clergy.

' III. And for more effectually preventing the defraying of engines

for draining collieries, coal m, and other and bridges and [

waggon ways used in conveying , lead, and other minerals from 1 thence \ and also fences made or to be made for inclosing lands by - ,

tue of acts of parliament; be it further enacted by the authority I The wilfully aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time after destroymg or the <jay of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty 'g?nefforS Cn nme> wilfully or maliciously fet fire to, burn, demolish, pull draining col- down, or otherwise destroy or damage, any fire engine or other heries, or engine erected, or to be erected, for draining water from col-other mines 5 heries or coal mines$ or for drawing coals out of the fame \ or fn/coaU*" for draining water from any mine of lead, tin, copper, or other thereout j mineral 5 or any bridge, waggon way, or trunk erected, or to or any bridge, be erected, for conveying cods from any colliery or coal mine, waggon or ftaith for depositing the famej or any bridge or waggon way erected, or to be erected, for conveying lead, tin, copper, or

017 HallII UlCu * 1 / « /*

for any pur- other mineral, from any such mine; or any fence or fences poses of the that are or shall be erected, fet up, provided, or made, for di-said mines, vising or inclosing any common waste or other lands or grounds, orfences fet *n Pur^uai^ce any act or acts parliament; every such per-upforinclof- fbn, being lawfully convicted of any or either of the said feve-ing lands by ral offences, or of causing or procuring the fame to be done, virtue of acts shall be adjudged guilty or felony, and shall be subject to the of parliament, pajns an(j penalties as in cases of felony; and the court by is transpor- or before whom such person shall be tried, shall have power ana tation for 7 authority to transport such felon for the term of seven years, in years. like manner as other felons are directed to be transported by tho

laws and ftatuces of this realm.

Limitation of IV. Provided always, That no person or persons shall be I>rofecutions prosecuted by virtue of this act for any offence or offences com-for the said mitted contrary to the fame, unless such prosecution be com-ottences. menced within eighteen nfonths after the offence committed,

CAP.

v^

i 76S.] Anno nono Georgm III. c.36. 213

CAP. XXX.

'An act for repealing so much of an act passed in the tenth year of her late majesty Queen Anne as relates to the harbour moorings of the royal navy 5 and for the more effectual preservation of such harbour moorings; of

persons guiltyofftealing or embezzling his naval

Jlores; or of forgery or perjury in relation to feameris wages.

WHEREAS the provisions made by an act of parliament of the tenth year of her late majesty Queen Arine, for the preferring her Majesty'sharbour moorings, have been found insufficient for preferring the harbour moorings belonging to his , and for

securing the ships and vessels of the royal navy from being liable to be

damaged by merchant ships or vessels: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That so much of the said act, as relates to the Repeal of so preservingher said late Majesty's harbour moorings, shall be, and mu.ch of the is hereby declared to be, from and after the twenty fourth day ^AnnaP of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, repealed. ^latesTtopre-XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That serving her from and after the said twenty fourth day of June9 one thousand Majesty's liar-seven hundred and sixty nine if any merchant ship, or other ship j^ur moor* or vessel, other than and except his Majesty's ships of war, or ships v<§rels not in or vessels belonging to his Majesty's royal navy, or employed in the govern-his Majesty's service, shall stop or fasten to any of his Majesty's ment service moorings, or fix themselves to any of his Majesty's ships or hulks, t°r

or ride or moor with their own anchors, so as in any manner, or anyoft^e0* with any wind, to be liable to bear against any of his Majesty's royal moor-shipsofwar, or other vessels; the captain, master, commander, bigs or hulks, or person, then on board, hnd having the care or command of j?r moo”nS such merchant ship or vessel, shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten {^biVto bear pounds for each and every tide such merchant ship or vessel against any of shall stay and remain at the said moorings, or ride or moor the King's with its own anchor, so as in any manner, or with any wind, INI'8' &c* to bear against any of his Majesty's said ships or hulks; unless^btide;' it shall appear that such merchant ship or vessel was necessitated unless necef-so to do by want of tide, stress of weather, or other unavoid- fitated so to able accident; one moiety of which forfeiture shall be applied do* to the use of the royal hospital at G, and the other Application moiety thereof to the use of him or them who shall sue for the fame; to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster^ with full costs of suit, wherein no essoin, privilege, protection, wager of law, injunction, or more than 'one imparlance, shall

be allowed. Merchant

. III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That /hin8 may be the person on board commanding any such merchant ship or unloosed and vessel shall, and he is hereby required, upon an order given to removed from

him

L.

any such moorings, upon not complying with any order for the purpose j

and the officers of the King's ships, ocdocks, are indemnified therein.

Anno nono Georgii III. c. 30. £17

him in writing by any one or more officer or officers belonging to any of his Majest/s ships of war, docks, or yards, to unloose from the said moorings, and remove such merchant ship or ve£-Tel, in case it shall be then moored, with its own anchors. To as effectually to prevent the fame from riding, or being in any manner, or with any wind, liable to bear against any of his Majesty's said ships or hulks 5 and upon neglect or refusal of such officer to comply with any such order or orders for the space of twenty four hours next after such order or orders shall be so given, it shall and may be lawful to and for every such officer or officers of any of his Majesty's ships of war, docks, or yards, to unloose, or cause such merchant ship or vessel to be unloosed, as aforesaid, hnd to remove, or cause the fame to be removed, so as effectually to prevent the fame from riding, or being in any manner, or with any wind, liable to bear again it his Majesty's said ships or hulks.

IV. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That every such officer and officers of his Majesty's ships of war, docks, or yards aforesaid, shall be, and he and they is and are hereby indemnified for what he or they shall so do, or cause to be done, in pursuance of this act.

V. And, for the more speedy and effectual bringing to jujiice -fans who shall falsely ajjume the names or characters of officers or seamen, or other perjsns; or shall forge or or cause to be

forged or counterfeited, any letter of attorney, bill, ticket, certificate, alignment, lafi will, or other authority to receive any wages, pay, or other allowance, due to any officer, seaman, or other officer, in, or who has been or shall be in, his Majesty s service; shall utter or publish the fame as true; or who shall be guilty ofJlealing or im-

bezzling his Majesty*s naval Jlores; be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fourth day of "June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, it officers of the fllan anj may be lawful to and for the treasurer, comptroller, po weVedto aft ^urvcyor> clerk of the a<5ts, or any commissioner of the navy for as justices in the time being, and they are hereby respectively authorized and impowered, from time to time, in all places whatsoever, to do, perform, exercise, and execute, the office and duty of a justice or justices of the peace, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, in causing any person or persons who shall, at any time or times, from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, be charged with forging or counterfeiting, or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, any letter of attorney, bill, ticket, certificate, assignment, last will, or other power or authority ; or with uttering or publishing the fame as true, in order to receive any wages, pay, or other allowance, due to any officer, seaman, or other person, who is or has been, or shall hereafter be, in the service of his Majesty, his heirs, or successors; or with taking, or procuring false oaths to be taken, for any of the purposes aforesaid ; or to obtain a probat of any will, or letters of administration, in order to receive such wages, pay, or other allowance $ or with dealing or / iWr

Treasurer, and other

cases here mentioned j

v^

iy68;J Ariho nono Georgii III. c % $i. iig

mbezzling of any naval (lores, the property of his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, to be apprehended, committed, and prosecuted, for the fame ; and all constables, headboroughs, and all con-keepers of gaols and prisons, and all other officers whatsoeverJ ^a^e®are shall, and they are hereby respectively required, from time to JndexaciSe^ time, diligently to execute, perform, and obey, all such war- their war-rant and warrants as shall be made, directed, issued, or given rants accord-to them, or any of them, by any one or more of the persons “tly* aforesaid, touching any of the matters and things herein beforek contained.

VI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That Penalty of ut-if any person shall, after the said twenty fourth day of one *crin£ a,ny thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, utter or publish, asofStornw^ true, any false, forged, or counterfeited letter of attorney, bill, bill, ticket,' ticket, certificate, assignment, last will, or any other power or au- certificate, thority whatsoever, in order to receive any wages, pay, or other a % n™en£ allowances of money, or prize money, due orfupposed to be ™ Officer due to any officer or seaman, or other person, who has really or sailor, to served or was supposed to have served, or who shall hereafter obtain any serve or be supposed to have served, on board of any ship or vessel wages, Mize of his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, with intent to defraud any person, knowing the fame to be false, forged, or counter- # p feited; then every such person, being thereof lawfully convicted,felony shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a fe- ^efitof clergy. Ion without benefit of clergy.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for the establishing and well governing an hospital for the reception, maintenance, and employment, of penitent prostitutes j and for extingui filing the right of common of and in certain lands in Saint George's Fields, in the county of Surrey.

Preamble. Corporation instituted for the purposes of this act. Their stile,. &c. and power. Particular officers disqualified from acting as governors, the present officers excepted. The first president and vicepresident9, treasurer, and committee. Vice presidents, treasurer, and committee, to be elected annually, who may compose a general court: their first meeting to be on *8 July 1769 j a general court to be held quarterly ; or oftener if necessary. Annual general court for elcftingthe vice presidents, treasurer, committee, and other officers, &c. Power of the general court to enter into contrafts; and to manage and transact all business, &c. and delegate proper powers to committees j and to order and dispose of the life of the common Teal; and to make bye-laws, and to revoke or alter the fame. No bye-law to be binding, unless confirmed by a succeeding general court. Election of a president, vice president, or treasurer, in the room of such as shall die, or resign. All questions at a general court or committee are to be decided by vote} unless five members demand a ballot, and then it is to be determined accordingly. General court impowered to appoint such officers, &c. as shall be judged necessary j or to remove or suspend them; and allow them reasonable salaries. Committee, at tfieir weekly or other meetings, impowered to suspend or remove officers, &c^ and appoint others, till a general court be held. Officers to account upon oath, &c. when required ; and making default therein, may be committed, till he render account and payment, or compound. Persons admitted into the hospital, or employed therein, to gain no settlement in the pa^ rish thereby. Right of common extinguished upon the lands on which the hospital is intended to be built. Power to exchange certain lands vested in Robert Dingley and Philip Milloway, for the use of the said hospital. No building to be erected within ten feet of the roads to be made froni . the

ai 6

Anno nono Georgii III. c.*32,331 [1768,

the Couth end of Black Friars bridge. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs, Publick act.

CAP. XXXII.

An act for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching, the high streets and lanes in the parish of Saint Nicholas within the city of Kochelter and parish of Strood in the county of Kent i and for making a road through ' Star Lane, across certain fields adjoining thereto, to Chatham Hill in the said county.

4 CAP. XXXIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money to be raised

by a lottery.

Preamble. The sum of 780,0001./ granted j to be raised by a lottery. Na. tives or foreigners, who, in books opened at the bank, have subscnbed to the said sum of 780,000 1. and deposited x 1. in respect of every ticket, are to pay the remaining sum of 1* 1. as herein directed; viz. the further sum of a 1. in respect of each ticket, by x June 5 31, by 10 July ; 3 1. by *5 August; and 4I. by 3 October next. Contributors paying in the whole of their subscriptions by *z August, to be allowed interest after the rate of 3 1. per cent, to the 3d of October 1769. Tickets for the lottery to be delivered to subscribers completing their subscriptions. Cashier of the bank to give security for duly accounting for, and paying over the said monies into the exchequer. Treasury to apply the money to the lervices voted this session. 600,0001. part of the said sum of 780,0001. to be distributed into prizes ; and paid into the bank, out of the supplies granted this session. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery books. Ticket. Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver them after to the cashiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the fame. Cashiers to return the books, with the undifpoled tickets, with an account of the monies paid in The un-disposed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer, Sec. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with silk 5 and cut off indent wife, into a box marked with the letter (A) Box to be locked up and sealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 60,000 tickets to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets. 5001. to the first drawn ticket, and xooo 1. to the last drawn. Tickets of the outermost columns of the last mentioned book to be rolled up, and tied, and cut out indentwife into a box marked with the letter (B) Box to be locked up and sealed. Publick notice to be given of the times of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on 13 Nov. 1769. Method to be observed in drawing, Sec. After each day's drawing, the boxes to be locked up and sealed. Numbers of the fortunate tickets, and the sums to be printed. Disputes relating thereto, to be adjusted by the managers. Penalty of forging, Se. tickets or certificates, felony. Ma. nagers to be fwom. The oath. Cashier to receive the sums subscribed, before receiving the lottery books; and to give a note for the fame; the bearers intitled thereupon to one lottery ticket for every 131. so paid. Contributors not making good their payments with respect to the said lottery, within the times limited, forfeit their deposits; and the tickets for such sums to be delivered back into the exchequer. Treasury to pay the managers, and defray the incidental expences. Limitation of sale of chances, Sec. Penalty. Office-keepers, Sec. felling shares in tickets of which they are not possessed, forfeit 5001. Offences committed in Ireland against acts for preventing unlawful lotteries, made punishable, and the penalties may be sued for in Dublin. The sum of 600,0001. payable-in re-jpeft of the fortunate tickets, is charged upon the aids in general granted this session; and to be paid at the bank without deduction. After the drawing of the lottery, the tickets to be exchanged for certificates. Managers to give notice of the time for taking in the tickets, and delivering out the certificates. Sec. Certificates to be numbered. Books to be kept for entering the names of persons bringing tickets to be exchanged, Sec. Certificates to be signed, Sec. Treasury to discharge all incident charges attending the execution of this act, No fee to be taken for receiving or

a 17

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 342

paying the contribution-monies, or for iftuing receipts or monies* on penalty of 20 1. General issue. Treble costs.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applyingroertain sum therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine ; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament. Preamble, 1,664,81a 1. 4 s. 5 d. aq. granted out of the sinking fund, for the service of the current year; to be ilTued by the treasury accordingly. Treasury impowered to raise the said sum, or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the sinking fund $ and to strike tallies of loan, with orders for repayment of the money so advanced 5 and interest payable quai :rly. Orders to be registered in courle. No undue preference to be given in payment, nor fee to be taken; on forfeiture of treble damages, with full costs. Penalty of undue preference in point of registry or payment} to be recovered in any of the courts of record at Westminster. No undue preference in the registering, where tallies or orders are brought the lame day; nor if subsequent orders are paid before others not brought in course, lb as money be reserved for the precedent orders. Power of assignment, and method of transferring of orders. If it shall be judged more adviseable, the treasury may raise the said sum by exchequer bills, instead of loans ; the bills in such case to be made as those prescribed by the malt act of this felHon. All advantages and penalties in the malt act of this session, relating to loans or exchequer bills thereby authorized to be made forth, extended to this act; The said exchequerbills, interest, and charges, are to be paid out of the sinking fund. Bank authorized to lend the said sum, notwithstanding aft 5 & 6 Will. & Mary. The sum of 135,177 b 15s. 6d. aq. surplus of the sinking fund in the exchequer on 5 April 1769, to be applied for the service of the current year. Appropriation of the supplies. The monies arising by the malt tax, land tax, loans, lottery, East India agreement, and such other sums as lliall be paid into the exchequer by 5 April 1770 ; duties upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic j and 59,8791. 8 s. 5d. * q. remaining in the exchequer on 5 April 1769 j with the several sums before granted and specilied; with the relidue of the sums arising by sale of the French prizes, and by sale of lands in the ceded islands; viz. out of the aforesaid aids, 1,514,6681.

8 s, 1 d. towards naval services herein specilied 5.400,0001. towards paying off the debt of the navy 5 177,947 1. 18 s. for the charge of the office of ordnance; 43,81th 19s. to the said office, for services performed in 1768, not provided for. 1,358,056.1. 8 s. 11 d. z q. towards the land forces, and other services in general; of which 601,6731.158. 7d. for guards and garrisons in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guerhfcy; _ 367,835 ) 18 s. 7 d. and one eighth part of 1 d. for guards and garrisons in the plan-. tations, and Africa, Minorca, and Gibraltar, &c. and provisions for the forces abroad; 4,6611. it s. 7 d. to make good the difference of pay between the British and Irish establishment, of troops in the Ille of Man, Gibraltar, Minorca, and ceded illands5 it,2001. 18 s. 6 d. aq. for general and general staff officers; 127,020!. to the reduced officers of the land forces and marines; 1,3311.13 s. to the two troops of horse guards, and regiment of horse reduced ; and to the superannuated gentlemen of the 4 troops of horse guards; 4,763!. 5s. to reduced officers, with the 10th company of battalions reduced; 1,4801. to the pensions of officers widow s; 207,3941.15 s. 10 d. to the out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital; 128,692 1. as. 9 d. and seven eight parts of a penny extraordinary expences of the land forces, and other services incurred, and not provided for; 513,5111. to discharge the civil list debt. 2,800,0001, towards paying off exchequer bills iliued pursuant to an act of the last session; 16,5001. to make good to his Majesty the like sum iliued pursuant to the address of the house of commons; 3,000 1. for a passage to the house of commons. 4,375!. 27s. 11 d. for supporting the civil establishment of Nova Scotia; 3,o861. for the civil establishment of Georgia; 4,750!. for the civil establishment of East Florida; 4,8001. for the civil establishment of West Florida; 1,785 b 4s. towards expence of general surveys in America ; 13,0001. for the forts and settlements in Africa, under direction of

CAP. XXXIV.

the

2i8 Anno nono Georgii III 0.35, [176&

the African company 5 5,550!. charges of the civil eftabHQiment of Sene-gambia; 19,9671. 10 s. to the Foundling Hospital j and 5,600!. towards 4 apprenticing children from thence j 3,431 1. 16 8. to repay monie'*, ad-

vanced by the governors in apprenticing such child out. 4,0001. towards creating a magazine for gunpowder in Portsmouth harbour. 5,0001. to the Levant company 3 *,000!. for repairing and widening roads in Car-narvonshire. a,0001, to Charles Dingley for erecting a wind faw mill, &c. 47,5311. 18 s. 6 d. to replace to the said fund the like sum paid thereout, for deficiency in annuities on the act of 31 Geo. z. 18,9301. 3 s.

4 d. 3 q. to replace to the sinking fund deficiencies paid thereout on annuities granted by act 3 Geo. 3. 186,0431.1 s. 7 d. 3 q. to make good deficiency of the grants for 1768. The said aids to be applied to the uses on-1 ly before mentioned. Rules to be observed in the application of the half-

pay. Act 8 Geo. 3. Rules to be observed in the application of the surplus of the several sums of 130,4311. appropriated in 1766 to the payment of reduced officers.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for discontinuing, upon the exportation of iron imported in foreign ships,the drawback of such part of the

duties payable thereon as exceeds the duties payable upon iron imported in British fhipsto prohibit the exportation of pig and bar iron, and certain naval stores, unless the pre-emption thereof be offered to the commisioners of the navy, to repeal so much of an act made in the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, as discontinued the drawback upon foreign rough hemp ; for providing a

compensation to the clerks in the offices of the principal cretaries of fate,for the advantages such, clerks enjoyed before the commencement of an act, made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for preventing v frauds and abuses in relation to the sending and receiving

letters and packets free from the duty of postage and to explain and amend the said act.

Preamble. T T/HEREAS the duties payable upon iron imported into Great V V Britain in foreign built ships navigated by foreigners, exceed

the duties that are payable for such iron when imported in British built vessels navigated by British subjects; but the whole of such additional duty paid by the importers of iron in foreign built ships being drawn back and repaid upon the Exportation thereof, is an encouragement to the importation of iron in foreign built navigated by

foreigners, and may tend to the prejudice of the trade and navigation of this kingdom: for remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. Drawback dif- 'That from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven so much of the hundred and sixty nine, such part of the duties which have been duties upon or shall be paid upon iron imported in foreign built ships navi-exportation of gated by foreigners, as exceeds the duties which would have iron imported ^n payabl^ upon such iron, if the fame had been imported

C^

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 35. 219

in Britishbuilt ships navigated by Briti/b subjects, shall not be toms, as ex-

drawn back or repaid upon the exportation of such iron from c.eeds the this kingdom; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary not- in°tt

withstanding. British Hups*

II. And whereas by several acts of parlpig and bar iron

made in his Majesty's colonies in America, may be imported

from thence, under certain rejlriffiohs, in any port of Great Bri-

tain, duty-free; and for the better supply of his Majesty's royal navy with navalJiores> various bounties or premiums ore allowed -on the importation of masts, yards, bowjprightstar, pitch, turpen-

tine, hemp, and rough and undrejfed flax, into this kingdom : and whereas, the £ood purposes intended by those are in some -

fare defeated by the re-exportation of such goods into foreign parts ; and it is proper that further provision Should be made for the supply of naval fores for the public use: be it therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of Pig and bar one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, the pre-emption or in?n> and cer-refusal of all pig and bar iron, masts, yards, bowfprights, tar, jto"egna™hi-pitch, turpentine, hemp, rough and undrelfed flax, and tow, bited to be shall be offered and tendered to the commisioners of his Maje- exported, fly's navy, eight days before any such goods shall be exported, unlcf? the pre-or entered for exportation, by way of merchandize to foreign offered”© the parts from the port of London, and twenty days before any such commissionera goods shall be exported, or entered for exportation, by way of of the navy; merchandize to foreign parts from any other port or place in this kingdom; and if, within the said times respectively after such tender, the said commisioners of his Majesty's navy shall not contract or bargain for the fame, the said commisioners, or any three or more of them, shall give a certificate of such ' tender and refusal under their hands (without fee or reward) to the owner or owners of such goods; and upon his or their producing and delivering up such certificate to the collector and comptroller or other principal officer of the customs, at any port of this kingdom, it shall and may be lawful for such owner or owners of such goods to export the fame from thence, in the same manner, and under the same rules and regulations, as they might have been lawfully exported if this act had not been made.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- an(j if export-

faic£ That if any pig or bar iron, masts, yards, bowfprights, cd, or entered tar, pitch, turpentine, hemp, rough and undressed flax or tow, or laid on shall, from and after the said first day of June, one thousand “

seven hundred and sixty nine, be exported from this kingdom ottered”*

to foreign parts, or entered ofitwards, or laden r,n board any 9 ship, vessel, or boat, in order to be exported, or shall be put on board any boat or vessel, in order to be Ihipt for exportation by way of merchandize, without being first tendered to the commisioners of his Majesty's navy, as before directed $ or before or beJ6re * their certificate of such tender and refusal shall be produced and p^3Uccd % f delivered up to the proper officers of the customs at the port of fyd, tend** exportation, such goods shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and and refusal, VoL. XXVIII, Q, pay the (am. nay

220

be seized; and if that

Anno nono Georgii III. c. 35;

[17 6S.

forfeits the value.

may be seized by any officer of his Majesty's customs j and if , the said goods shall be exported before any discovery thereof, the exporter** l^at they cannot be seized, in such case the owner or export-■ “ er of such goods shall forfeit the value thereof, to be estimated

and computed according to the best price that each article then bears at London; which penalties and forfeitures shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and divided, in the same manner and form, and by the same rules and regulations, as other penalties and forfeitures inflicted by the laws relative to the revenue of customs may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and divided.

IV. And whereas by an a SI made in thefixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for allowing a bounty on the exportation of British made cordage; and for discontinuing the

tbc drawback drawback upon foreign rough hemp exported; amongst upon foreign other things, enacted, That the , which by any act or a Sis

of parliament is allowed and made payable upon the exportation of foreign rough hemp from this , , and be

no longer paid or payable: and whereas the allowing the said

back, under certain restrictions, may encourage the importation of

foreign rough hemp into this , for the better supply of his

Majestfs royal navy therewith: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, the said clause in the before recited act of the sixth year of his Majesty's reign, discontinuing the said drawback upon the exportation of foreign rough hemp from this kingdom, shall be, and the fame is hereby declared'to be, repealed.

V. And whereas by an act made in the fourth year of his present

Majestys reign, for preventing frauds ana abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of letters and packets free from the duty of pojlage j the clerks in the offices of his Majesif s principal secretaries of fate are deprived of the privileges of sending and receiving their letters free from the duty of pofage, which had been uninterruptedly enjoyed ever ftnee the efablijhment of the pof office; and that the privilege of franking news papers reserved to them by the said ,

by the regulations therein contained rendered of very little advantage to them, and is likely soon to be intirely , by reason of the great expence they are put to for pof , and from the methods by which

news papers are now dispersed into the country: as a recompence therefore for the loss of such , and as a compensation for

the advantages heretofore arising therefrom; be it further enacted t^oo!. per an- by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be and is hereby ilumt5>t^Pa,d charged upon the revenues arising in the general letter office or venues of the post office, or office of post master general, the sum of one thousand five hundred pounds per , which shall be pav-able thereout to his Majesty's principal secretaries of state for the time being, in equal proportions, to be distributed by such respective secretaries of state among the clerks in their offices 5 cretaries of ,, which said annual sum shall be made in .quarterly payments, to state, v > be computed from the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand

Recital of clause in aft 6 Geo. 3. dif* continuing

rough hemp exported 1

The recited clause repealed.

Recital of clause in aft 4 Geo. 3. touching the duties of postage.

general post office, to the clerks in the offices of the principal fe-

v^

i768.] Anno nond Georgii III. c. 35; g2j

S2I

m omce or port maner general ror rne rime oeing, man, upon [3^ from any warrant or warrants under his Majesty's royal sign manual, them by the countersigned by any three or more of the commisioners of his recited acts. Majesty's treasury, or by the lord high treasurer for the timeWarrant to 'being, make such quarterly payments to such person or persons for payment as shall be appointed by such secretaries of state for the time accordingly, being, to receive their respective proportions of the said annual sum i such person or persons producing and delivering to such paymaster or receiver a receipt or receipts under the hands of such secretaries of state; and which receipt or receipts shall be a full acquittance and discharge to such paymaster or receiver for the payment of the sum or sums mentioned therein.

VI. And whereas by an act made in the fourth year of his - ciause jn

sent Majestf s reign, intituled, An act for preventing frauds and raid aft re-

abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of letters and fpefting the packets free from the duty of postage, is , that - tl."ie °*Pri~

thing therein contained Should extend ta charge with the duty of - members of

age any printed votes or proceedings in parliament, or printed news fending the papers, being sent without covert, or in covers open at the , votes of the

which Should be signedon the outftde thereof by the hand of any - house

her of parliament, in such manner as had been theretofore and^rinted

or which Should be dire fled to any member of parliament at any place news papers, whereof he Should have given notice in writing to the poftmajler - free of post-ral, or to his deputy at Edinburgh or Dublin ; that all aSc 1

such votes, proceedings, and news papers, fofent and signed, or di-

rested as aforesaid, Should be received free of the duty of pojlage and whereas doubts have arisen with respe to the duration of the lime allowed by the said act for the conveyance of such votes, proceedings, and news papers, free from the duties of postage; be it therefore declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it is the true intent and meaning of the said act, that such votes, proceedings, and news papers, so sent and directed as aforesaid, Should be conveyed free from the duty of postage during such times only as are allowed and limited in the preceding part of the said act for the conveyance, free of postage, of letters and packets not exceeding the* weight of two ounces, The said time sent from or to any member of either of the two houses of par- j.l™ited to the liament in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, in such manner orar*

as in the said act is particularly expressed; that is to say, During within todays the fitting of any session of parliament, or within forty days be- before or 40 fore or forty days after any summons or prorogation thereof. days after*

VII. And whereas by a clause in an act of the fifth year of his oatlfe jn act frefent Majesty, intituled, An act to alter certain rates of postage, 5 Geo. 3. and to amend, explain, and enlarge, several provisions in an act respecting the made in the ninth year of the reign of Queen and in poftoffae* other acts relating to the revenue of the post office; the clerk of

the parliaments and the clerk of the house of commons are impowered to send and receive letters free of postage: and whereas the privilege of

sending and receiving letters and jackets free from the duty of postage %

aaa Anno nono Georgii lit. c. 36, 37. [1768.

is not by the said dEi extended to the clerk and the reading

clerk of the house of peers, and the clerk assistant of the house of commons of Great Britain, and the chief clerk without doors ( receives the fees and pays them to the officers of the said house) re-fpe{lively for the time being ; who by virtue of their respe{live offices and employments necessarily send and receive many letters relating to the public concerns of theft kingdoms; be it therefore enacted by The clerk the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this assistantand act, the said clerk afijftant and the said reading clerk of the ^the^ouse ^ouse of peers 5 and also the said clerk assistant and the said chief of peers-^nd c^er^ without doors of the house of commons of Great Britain the clerk af- for the time being, shall and may respectively send and receive fiftant and letters free from the duty of postage, in the same manner and

C*^if CfC? un<^cr such restrictions as any member of either of the two

of the*house1* houses of parliament of Great Britain now send and receive the of commons, fame, in pursuance of an act made in the fourth year of the

may fend and reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for preventing

receive letters frauds and abufesin relation to the sending and receiving of letters

u y Tec* and packets free from the duty of postage.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for applying certain monies therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine.

Preamble. 400,0001. payable into the exchequer by the East India company, and produce of the duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabic ; and 59,8791. 8 s. 5 d. *q. referred in the exchequer for the disposition of parliament, to be issued towards making good the supplies granted this session. 30,0001. out of such monies as mail be paid into the exchequer between 4,April, 1765, and $ April, 1770, of the duties appropriated for the defence, &c. of the British American colonies, to be applied in paying the troops there \ 109,8641. 19 s. 4 d. * q. winter stoppages unapplied, of the cavalry serving in Germany in the last war, and balance of stock purse $ with the balance of lord Chatham's account as paymaster general of the army, and of Thomas Calcraft as paymaster of the widows pen- lions, and money reserved in the office . of the paymaster general of the army, to be applied in defraying the extraordinary expencesof the army,

&c. nof provided for.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for reviving several aids for preventing abuses in * making bricks and tiles; and for indemnifying justices of the peace, and otherj, who have a fled under the said a Els \ and for indemnifying have omitted to make

and file affidavits *, and for allowing further time for paying duties omitted to be paid upon contra Els with clerks and apprentices 5 for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, cer, receiptsy annuity ,

and other orders, loft, burnty or \ and for -

, ing to Joseph Glover and John Bill the duty by them paid

pna cargo of wheats and for allowing the fame to be landed

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 37* 223

for home consumption; and for preventing parish poor being paid in base or counterfeit coin.

WHEREAS the taws herein after mentiened have been found Preamble.

to be very useful and beneficial and are expired: may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enabled j and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That so much of an act; passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, in- So much of tituled. An act to prevent abuses in the making of bricks and , aft 1 z Geo. z. and to ascertain the dimensions thereof and to prevent all unlawful combinations amongst any brickmakers or within fifteen

miles of the city 0/* London, in order to advance or enhance the price cf bricks or tiles; and so much of an act paired in the second an<1 of year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, An act *Geo.». to explain and amend an act made in the twelfth year of his late -

jefiy's reign, intituled, An act to prevent abuses in the making of bricks and tiles, and to ascertain the dimensions thereof, and to prevent all unlawful combinations amongst any brickmakers or tilemakers, within fifteen miles of the city of in order

to advance or enhance the price-of bricks or tiles; and also so much of an act passed in the third year of his said Majesty's and of aft reign, intituled, An act for amending the acts therein , i^ein^ibree

relating to the making of bricks, as were in force and capable of on 15 March, taking effect upon the twenty fifth day of , one thousand 173*, seven huhdred and thirty two, shall, from the twenty fifth day are revived, of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, be and farther

revived, and have continuance from that time to the end of the condnued to next session of parliament. *5 cc*

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all an(j and every justice and justices of the peace, searcher and search- who have afters, and every other person or persons whomsoever, who shall ed pursuant to have acted in any case pursuant to the directions of the said acts, dirtftions or either of them, finofe the said twenty fifth day of March, one acts since* the thousand seven hundred and thirty two, shall be, and he and said 15 March, they is and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from *73*» and against all trespasses, penalties, and forfeitures whatsoever, are indemni-which they or any of them shall or may have incurred by rea- c * son thereof.

III.- And whereas divers persons may have omitted to cause affidavits to be made and filed in the proper offices, of the a ftual execution of controls of clerks to attornies and solicitor, within the times limited by law, and may be in danger of incurring certain disabilities by stich omissionj be it therefore enacted by the authority afore- Further time said, That all and every person and persons who have omitted allowed to to cause such affidavit or affidavits to be made and filed as afore- Pe, ions who said, and who shall on or before the first day of Michaelmas so makeand term, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, cause one or gie affidavits tnofe affidavit or affidavits 1' be made and filed in such manner of the execu-

as tien of cou-

L.

224

t rafts of clerks to attornies and solicitors.

Further time allowed for paying the duties upon apprentice fees, and hav ing the inden lures stampt,

Anno nono Georgii III. c. 37.' [1768.

as is dire£Md by the laws in being, shall be, and are hereby in-demnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and disabilities, in or by any act orafts of parliament mentioned, incurred, or to be incurred for or by reason of any neglect or omission in causing such affidavit or affidavits to be made out and filed, in such manner as is required by the laws in being; and such affidavit or affidavits so to be made out and filed as aforesaid, shall be as effectual, to all in* tents and purposes, as if the fame had been made and filed within the respective times limited by the laws in being for that purpose.

IV And, for the relief of atty person or per font through tie-

glelt or inadvertency, have omitted to pay the several rates and ,

or any part thereof, upbn monies given, paid, controlled, or agreed, for, with, or in relation to, any clerks, apprentices, or servants, who have been put or placed to or with any master or to learn

any profejjion, trade, or employment, and to have such indentures, or other writings, which contain the covenants, articles, contracts, or agreements, relating to the service of such clerk, apprentice,

stamped within the times by the several alls of parliament for those purposes respellively limited, or who have also, in like omit-

ted to tnfert and write, in words at length, in such indentures, or other writings, as aforesaid, the full sum or sums of money, or any part thereof, received, or in any wise directly or indirellly given, paid, or agreed or controlled for, with, or in relation to, every such clerk, apprentice, or servant, as aforesaid, be it enabled. That upon payment of the rates and duties upon monies or such part of such monies so neglected or omitted to be paid, as aforesaid, on or before the first day of September, one thousand seven hun-- dred and sixty nine, to such person or persons to whom the ~ fame ought to be paid, and tendering the said indentures or other writings to be stamped at the same time, or at any time on or befpre the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine (of which timely notice is to be given in The London Gazette) the fame indentures or other writings shall be good and available in law or equity, and may be given in evidence in any court whatsoever 5 and the clerks, apprentices, or servants, therein named, shall be capable of fqL lowing and exercising their respective intended trade or employment, as fully as if the said rates and duties, so omitted, had teen duly paid, and the full sum or sums received or agreed for^ as aforesaid, had been inserted $ and the persons who have incurred any penalties by the omissions aforesaid, shall be acquitted and discharged of and from the said penalties; any thing in the said former acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And whereas several bills commonly called Exchequer Bills, several tickets commonly called Lottery Tickets, several orders and certificates made forth in lieu of the said lottery tickets, and likewise for annuities of divers kinds, payable at or near the of his

Majesty'sexchequer $ as also several receipts of the cajhiei's of the governor and company of the bant ^England, or fame of them, for

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c.37; . 225

monies contributed there for the purchase of annuities transferable in the books of the said governor and companyor jor other monies payable there in purfance of acts of parliamenthave by casualty or mif-chance been lojl, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, which exchequer bills,

lottery tickets,, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders

of the respective denominationsaforesaid, were made forth by and in

pursuance of several acts of parliament in that behalf; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where Barons of the it shall appear, by affidavit to be made before any or either of exchequer the barons of the exchequer for the time being (who shall in-l®powered to terrogate the deponent thereupon) to the (atisfaction of such forex-baron or barons, that any such exchequer bills, or any such chequer bills,' tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders as lottery tickets, aforesaid, before the first day of May, one thousand seven hun- certificates, ^ dred and sixty nine, have been, are, or shall be, loft, burnt, ntTuy^orders^ or otherwise destroyed, or that there be good reason to believe &c.loft, burnt, the fame have been burnt, loft, or otherwise destroyed, it shall or otherwise and may be lawful for the respective officers and persons ap- destroyed, Appointed to issue or make forth such exchequer bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders, or to pay or discharge the fame, or to issue any monies due or payable thereupon, upon producing a certificate from any or either of the said barons of such affidavit made before him or them (which affidavit the said barons, or any or either of them, is and are hereby authorized to take, and which certificate he or they is or are hereby required to make and grant without fee or reward) and on security given to the said respective officers and persons to their good liking, to indemnify them respectively a-against all other persons whatsoever, for or concerning the monies specified in or due upon such respe<5tive bill or bills, ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, receipt or receipts, order or and the proorders; they the said persons respectively shall and are hereby °hem,S on required to make forth duplicates of the said bills, tickets, cer- to make forth tificates, receipts, and orders, at the request of the respective duplicates of owners, and to pay, satisfy, and discharge, the fame, and all the said bills, such interest as is or shall be due on any of them carrying interest, or to make forth (lock or transferable annuities, in lieu of £f/s.due™?e-such receipts as he or they Should have paid, farisfied, or dif- curity being charged, or made forth on the said original bills, tickets, cer- given by the fixates, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders, if the fame parties apply-had been produced, and shall be allowed all such payments, JJ}fy SiemCm" sum or sums of money, in their respective accounts; and in all therein, cases where the (igning of the commisioners of his Majesty's treasury, or the lord high treasurer of Great Britain for time being, shall be necessary for making the said duplicates, or any of them, effectual for the purposes aforesaid, it shall and may pbcates, as be lawful to and for the said commisioners of his Majesty's require their treasury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high trea- signing to surer for the time being, to sign such duplicate accordingly, J!ffectual!m

' VI. And whereas by an act of parliament made in the eighth year ciause in act of his present Majtfifs reign, to continue several acts made in the s Geo. 3.

QL4

22 6

Joseph Glover and John Bill to be repaid 2501. deported as the duty upon the cargo of wheat imported by them from America} .

and the wheat to be landed duty free.

Churchwardens, over-leers, or others, intruded to make payments to or for the use of the poor, making the same, in any other than lawful money,

' forfeit not less than 10 s. nor more than ao s. for every such offence;

Anno nono Georgii III. c; 37. [1768.

preceding session of parliament, the importation of wheat and wheat flour from his Majesty'scolonies in America free of duty9 was allowed until thefirst day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine: and whereas Joseph Glover and John Bill of the city of Bristol, merchants, sent out a vessel upon the third day of August,

"one thousand seven hundred and sixty , from the port of Bristol

to Virginia for a lading of wheats in order to import the fame into this kingdom, under the provijions of the said act: and whereas

from the hadness of the weather and contrary winds both on the outward and homeward bound voyages, and the unavoidable delay for repairs in Virginia, the said vessel did not arrive at the port of Bristol till the fourth day of February last: and whereas the cargo

of the said vejfely consisting of about four thousand five hundred bujhels of wheat, was Jo much damaged in the voyage as to be unfit for exportation; and a depoftt has been made at the custom-house in Bristol of two hundred and fifty five pounds on account of the duty upon the said wheat: and whereas the said cargo is in Jo a state that the fame, or the greatefi part thereof mufi be inevitably

lofty if not permitted to be landed for home consumption: be it therefore further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for commisioners of his Majesty's customs, or other proper officer or officers, and they are hereby authorized and required to repay to the said Joseph Glover and John Billy or their assigns, the said sum of two hundred and fifty five pounds so deposited as aforesaid j and that it shall and may be lawful for them the said Joseph Glover and John Billy or their agent or agents, to land the said cargo of wheat, confiding of about four thousand five hundred bushels, without the payment of any subsidy, custom, duty, or imposition whatsoever, in the same manner to all intents and purposes as they might have done had the said vessel and cargo arrived before the expiration of the said act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any churchwarden or overseer of any parish, township, or place, or other person authorized or intruded by them, or'any of them, to make payments to or for the use of the poor within such parish, township, or place respectively, shall wilfully and knowingly, at any time from and after the twenty fourth day of June next, make any such payments in any base or counterfeit money, or in any other than lawful money of Great Britain 5 that then, upon complaint thereof made to any justice of the peace of the county, riding, division, or place, wherein such payment shall be so made as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice, and he is hereby required, to summon the churchwarden, overseer, or other person charged with such offence, and in a summary way, upon his or their non-appearance or con-session, or upon proof of such offence upon oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath the said justice is hereby authorized to administer) to adjudge the party so offending to forfeit and pay for each offence a sum not less than ten shillings, nor more than twenty shillings $ and to levy the lame by

distress

t^

i?68.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 38. 227

di ft refs and sale of the goods and chatties of such offender ^rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner, after the charges of such distress and sale shall be deduced; which sum shall be ap-10 \ye applied plied for the use of any poor person or persons of such parish, to the use of township or place respectively, in such manner as the justice of any of *be peace, who shall adjudge such forfeiture, shall direct or appoint.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for further encouraging the growth and culture of

raw filkin his Majestfs colonies or plantations in Ame-

rica.

WHEREAS the giving further encouragement to the growth Preamble,

and culture of raw silk in his Majesty's colonies and plantations in America, will be a great advantage to the trade of the said -

nies9and tend to the further improvement of the silk manufactures of this kingdom 5 be it therefore enabled by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia-» ment assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from Premiums aland after the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred !0we(*on.lbe and seventy, all and every person or persons who shall import or cause to be imported into the port of , directly from of London,

the British colonies or plantations in , in any ship or of raw silk of

vessel, ships or vessels, that may lawfully trade to his Ma-the °*

jetty's plantations, manned as by law is required, any raw (ilk ioni«?nAinc^ of the growth or product of the said colonies or plantations, rjca}

shall have and enjoy, as a reward or premium for such importation, the following sums (that is to say) For every hundred viz. *5!. for pounds value of such raw silk, to be ascertained as is herein ev«ry ! after mentioned, the sum of twenty five pounds, and so in pro- w^orted1*™ portion for any quantity of greater or lesser value, from the first from , jan, day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, to the 1770,101 Jan.

first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy *777 i seven; for every hundred pounds value of such raw silk, the 1. for like sum of twenty pounds, and so in proportion for any quantity value import-of greater or lesser value, from and after the said first day cd ^rom * Jan* January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, to the ]j\7*t0l^an* first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty * four; and for every hundred pounds value of such raw silk, the 15I. for like sum of fifteen pounds, and so in proportion for any quantity ofvalu« import-greater or lesser value, from and after the said first day of - *an 1 to ary, one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, to the first j

day of January, one thousand seven hundred and ninety one ; under such regulations as are herein after mentioned : to be to be paid out paid upon demand to the importer of such raw silk by the re- ofthecuitoma, Reiver general of the customs, the collector or other proper officer of the port of London, out of the customs.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by theautho- But oath is to

rity aforesaid. That in order to intitle the importer and im- ma_dc in . \ r /-n . , , r. . a America, be-

porters of raw silk to the premium granted by this act, every fore C|earing

i mer-out of the vcf-

colonies;

228 Anno nono Georgii III. c. 38. [1768.

fel, that the merchant or other person or persons whatsoever who shall, after the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and growth\nd seventy, load any raw silk on board any ship or vessel in any culture of one of the Britishcolonies or plantations in America> shall, before of the British the clearing out of the ship or vessel from thence, make proof on oath before the collector and comptroller of the customs and naval officer at the port or place where such raw silk shall be put on board, or any two of them, that the raw (ilk which he, (he, or they, hath or have shipped on board such ship or vessel, (expressing the quantity thereof) is of the growth and

culture of some or one of the British colonies or plantations in America, and specifying the colony or colonies, plantation or plantations respectively, of which it is the growth; which oath the said collector and comptroller of the customs and naval officer, or any two of them, are hereby required and impowered to administer without fee or reward; and the master, commander, or other person, taking charge of the ship or vessel, ber/talej and on board which such raw silk shall be loaded, shall also bring weight, of with him a certificate or certificates from such collector and comptroller of the customs and naval officer, or any two of them as aforesaid under their hands and seals of office (which certificate or certificates such collector and comptroller of the customs and naval officer, are hereby required and directed to grant without fee or reward) expressing the marks, number, tale, and weight, of the raw silk in each bale, parcel, or other package whatsoever, so shipped or loaded on board such ship or Doae or me ve^ > name or names, place or places of abode, of

exporters,Kand the exporter or exporters thereof from the said British colonies persons who or plantations in America, and the name or names, place or shall have places of abode, of fu^ch other person or persons who shall have aforefSdthand ^worn the goods therein mentioned to have been of the growth to whom*such an<* culture of the said British colonies or plantations in Amert-silk consigned cay and the name or names of the person or persons to whom in London, is the fame are consigned in the port of London; which certificate over^Thifht or cert*hcates the said master, commander, or other person, mafte/of the taking charge of such ship or vessel, shall, on his arrival in the vessel, said port of London, deliver to the collector, comptroller, or and delivered other chief officer of his Majesty's customs at the said port at t°Jthe P^pc** or before the entry of the said raw silk 5 and at the same time customs* in * make oath before any one of them the said collector,

London be- comptroller, or chief officer of his Majesty's customs (who are fore entry hereby required and impowered to administer the fame without flk^V^ fee or reward) that the said bales and parcels, and goods cop-and he is also ta‘ined in such certificate, are the fame bales and parcels, and to swear to goods, as were taken on board in the said British colonies or the identity of plantations in America.

such silk. III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

*001, penalty That if any person or persons shall, from and after the said first of entering day of

January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, make, fflkTunderTheor cause to be made, an entry or entries of any foreign raw fil£ denomination under the name or description of raw silk of the growth or culture

and a certificate of the marks, num

each bale.

with the names and places of a bode of the

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 38. 229

ture of any of the British colonies or plantations in America 5 of that of the or shall mix, or cause to be mixed, any foreign raw (ilk with ®riti<h Ame-raw (ilk of the growth or culture of the colonies or plan- o^mixh^any

tations in America, with intent to receive any premium or boun- fUCh there- 1 ty by this abt granted; every person or persons so making, or with, in order cauring to be made, such entry or entries, or mixing, or causing *° receive the such mixture or mixtures to be made, shall forfeit and lose the * sum of two hundred pounds for every such offence; and all such foreign raw (ilk, and in case of any mixture, the quantity together with so mixed both of foreign and British plantation culture or fm*fc*turc of growth, or the value thereof, together with the bales or other ^fi00**** Repackages containing the fame, shall be forfeited; and shall and may be seized and prosecuted, or the value thereof be sued for, by any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs, as herein after mentioned.

IV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. The bales to

That on the importation of any raw silk into the port of London be opened by from his Majesty's plantations in America, under the regulations *{j*®^*™#°*

aforementioned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the com- in order to * missioners of his Majesty's customs, or their officers, and they ascertain the are hereby required to examine the said raw (ilk, by opening value* each bale or package, and (hifting the fame in such manner as

to fee the whole contents; and to fix and ascertain, according to the best of their judgement and discretion, the true and redl value thereof, according to the price raw (ilk then bears at market.

V. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, A certificate

That when the said valuation shall have been so made by the qfthe valua-commisioners of the customs, or their officers (which they are the

hereby required to do within the space of ten days after the of "per officer, landing of such raw (ilk) a certificate of such valuation shall be .

signed by the proper officer; upon producing which certificate f” order to # to the receiver general of the customs, colleblor, or other pro- obtain pay-per officer of the port of London, such officer shall be and is ment of the hereby required forthwith to pay the premium, by this abt di- premium* reeled, to the importer or owner of such raw silk.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enabled by the au- Where there thority aforesaid, That in case any dispute or difference shall shall be any ^rife between the commisioners of the customs, or their officers, dispute about and the importer or owner of such raw silk, touching the va-the valuaUon» luation thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the said commis-

lioners, and they are hereby required to call two or more per- .or m°re {ons well (killed in that commodity, who shall declare upon tobe caUed0”8 oath, if thereunto required, their opinion as to the real and in, and give true value of such raw silk, according to the price it would then their opinion bear at market; which valuation or award of the said two per- uP°n oath 1 fons shall be final 5 and the person intitled to such premium or^arJj bounty, shall receive the fame according to such valuation, to made final, be certified as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, The premium That if any raw silk of the growth or produbt of his Majesty's»»to be repaid

' c ^glomes °.n exporta-

tien*

230

over and a* bove the duty;

on forfeiture of such silk, and double the value, in case of fraudulent exportation.

Anno nono Georgii III. c.38. [1768.

colonies or plantations in America shall be exported from Great Britain, then, and in every such case, the persons exporting the fame shall, before the entry thereof, pay unto the collector of the customs of the port where the fame shall be exported, or to the chief officer of the customs there, the full sum which is allowed as a premium by this act on all such raw (ilk as he intends to export, over and above any duty the fame is now by law subject to pay at exportation by any former act of parliament.

VIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if any person, his, her, or their agent or agents, assignee orafligns, shall be found fraudulently to export or load on board any ship, vessel, or boat, in order to be exported, such raw (ilk, without paying such premium to the chief officer or collector of the customs, as aforesaid ; such person and persons shall forfeit and lose all such raw silk, and double the value thereof.

In disputes about the growth of silk so to be exported, the proof is to lie on the owner, &c.

aoo 1. penalty of making a false certificate, or false oath}

or counterfeiting any certificate;

and, if an officer, forfeiture of his place also, &c.

Recovery of the penalties and forfeitures.

and application thereof.

IX. Provided always, That if any doubt or dispute shall ari(e whether the raw (ilk, or any part thereof, so to be exported, is of the growth or produce of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, or of foreign growth or produce, the onus pro~ bandi shall lie on the owner thereof, or the person claiming the .bounty, and not on the informer or prosecutor; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if any collector or comptroller of the customs, or naval officer, shall make any false certificate; or if any merchant, trader, factor, or other person, shall make any false oath with regard to the growth of such raw silk ; or if any master or commander of any ship or vessel shall make any false oath concerning the certificate or package of such raw silk ; or if any person or persons shall counterfeit any such certificate as is herein before directed to be made, in order to obtain any premium hereby granted ; all and every such person and persons, so offending in any of the cases aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds: and if any such person, so offending, shall be a collector, comptroller, or naval officer, or any other officer of the customs, he shall also forfeit and lose his office, and be incapable of serving his Majesty, his heirs, and successors.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the several penalties and forfeitures by this act inflicted, shall and may be prosecuted, determined, and recovered, by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in any of the courts of admiralty in his

Majesty's plantations in America respectively, where such penalty or forfeiture shall be incurred ; wherein no effoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

All. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed shall, if incurred in Great Britain^ be applied, one moiety to the use of

his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety to such person or persons as shall sue for the fame; and all such penalties and forfeitures as shall be incurred in his Majesty's

plan-

1

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 39. 231

plantations in America shall be applied, one third part thereof to the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, one third part to the use of the governor of the plantation where the forfeiture shall be incurred, and the remaining third part to such person or persons as shall sue for the fame.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Limitation qF That if any atftion or suit shall be commenced against any per- actions. son or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, every such ad ion or suit, if in Great Britain, shall be commenced within six calendar months next after the fad committed ? and if in the British colonies or plantations in , within

eighteen calendar months nextf after the fad committed, and not afterwards; and the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act, and General iffiiAi the special matter, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act 5 and if it shall appear so to have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants 5 and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff; the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and Treble coftii have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act to permit the free importation of certain raw hides

and Jkins from Ireland and the British plantations in America, for a limited time; and for taking off the duties upon seal skins tanned or tawed in this , and for

granting another duty in lieu thereof for indemnifying all persons with respect po advising or executing any of his Majesty'sorders of council prohibiting the importation of raw hides, horns, and hoofs, of inf efted cattleand to

authorize the prohibition of the importation of such bides, horns, and hoofs, for the future.

WHEREAS the allowing, for a limited , free - Preamble, portation of certain species of raw hides and Jkins from Ireland and the British colonies or plantations in America, and the reduction of the duties upon seal Jkins tanned or tawed in this dom, may tend to the eaje of the public, by reducing the price and encouraging the manufacture of leather in this kingdom ; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the first day of , Rawhidesand one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, no subsidy, custom, skins (thofeof duty, or other imposition whatsoever, shall be demanded, col-h^fes exc®P^ Jeded, received, or taken, for or upon any raw or undressed^imported

hides jjuty. frc*

23* Anno nono Georgii III. C.39; [176$;

from Ireland, hides of fleers, cows, or any other cattle of what kind soever colonief in,lh (exccP* borfes, mares or geldings); nor for or upon any

America, for the term of SJ*™i

io at entry be

calve skins or goat skins, raw or undrefied, which shall be im ported into this kingdom from , or any of the British co-

ionics or plantations in A, for the space of five years from the said first day of June* or at any time thereafter before the end of the then next session of parliament; any all or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled by the made Thereof authority aforesaid, That due entry shall be made of all such at the port of hides and skins, at the custom-house belonging to the port into importation, whioh the fame shall be imported, in such manner and form as be landed Tn were an<* Pra<^^ before the making of this act; and such th» presence hides and skins shall be landed in the presence of the proper of an officer j officer or officers of the customs appointed for that purpose; otherwisethey and if any person or persons, upon the importation of such are liable to hides or skins, shall not observe and perform the said rules and

regulations herein before mentioned, every such* person shall be liable to and pay such and the fame duties as such hides and skins would have been subje<5l and liable to if this act had not been made; any thing herein, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enaltdd by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of , one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, the rates ana duties payable by virtue of any former all or acts of parliament upon seal skins tanned or tawed within this kingdom, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

IV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of , in lieu of the said duties by this act repealed, as aforesaid, there shall beraised, collected, levied, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, for and upon all seal skins which shall be tanned or tawed within this kingdom, a rate or duty of one penny halfpenny per pound weight, averdupois^ of such seal skins; and after that rate for a greater or less quantity.

V. And, for the better ascertaining, , colie fling,

levying, and securing,the said rate or duty by this act , anl

preventing frauds therein, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the rate or duty by this all made payable upon seal lkins tanned or tawed in , , or the town of

Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the receipt and management of the commisioners and officers of his Majesty's revenues of commisioners excise in England for the time being; and the rate or duty by and officers of this a<$ made payable upon seal skins tanned or tawed in -excite j land, shall be under the receipt and management of the commisioners of excise in Scotland for the time being, and to be VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, raised, levied, That the rate and duty by this all imposed or chargeable for

&c!in^Ure- anc* upon ^ ^ns a^ore^a^> shall maY t*me to t‘me fpelfc, ' * be ascertained, raised, received, levied, recovered, and- secured,

3

pay duty.

The former duties upon seal skins tanned or tawed in this kingdom are repealed; and in lieu thereof id.

q. per lb. is to be paid;

the said duty to be under the receipt and management of the

17^8.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 39. 233

l>y such ways, means, and methods,v and by the fame or different (lamps and marks, and under such pains of death, and other penalties and forfeitures, and with such powers of adjudging the said duty, and adjudging and mitigating the said penalties and forfeitures, or any of them, and other powers, and to such rules and directions, and in such methods, manner, and form, as the respective duties upon hides and skins, and pieces as the duties of hides and skins, made wares, vellum, and parchment, grant- upon hides ed by an a<5l made in the ninth year of the reign of her late ma- a”d ^ns» jesty Queen Anney intituled, An act for laying certain duties upon 9 Ann®*

hides and Jkins9 tanned, tawed, or drejfed and upon vellum and parchment, for thi term of thirty two years* for projecting the y and other her Majesty's most necefjary oecaftons, are by that act, or any law or ftatyte thereby referred unto, or by any law or (la-tute relating to the duties of excise upon hides and skins, prescribed, appointed, or enacted, to be ascertained, raised, received, levied, secured, or recovered; and that the act lad mentioned, and all the clauses, pains of death, penalties, forfeitures, powers, authorities, rules, directions, matters, and things, therein contained, or thereby referred unto, or contained in any other law or statute relating to the duties upon hides and skins, for the raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, paying, or accounting for, the duties thereby granted or therein mentioned, or any arrearages of the fame, or any way relating to the fame duties, pains, penalties, or forfeitures, by such act or acts chargeable, be applied, pratfifed, and put in execution, for railing, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, paying, and accounting for, the duty upon seal skins by this act granted, and all arrearages thereof, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if they were particularly and at large repeated in the body of this present act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Duties to be That all monies arising by and in respecSt of the rate and duty paid into the hereby granted and imposed (the necessary charges of railing exche^uer 5 and accounting for the fame excepted) shall from time to time

be paid into the receipt of his. Majesty's exchequer at -

Jler, separate and apart from all other branches of the public revenue^ and are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied to the fame uses and purposes, in such manner, and under such regulations, as the monies arising by the rates and and to be ap-duties hereby repealed are, by any law or laws now in being, plied as the appropriated unto, and directed to be issued and applied. former duties.

VIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Drawback of That a drawback of one penny per pound weight averdupois I(}« per pound shall, from and after the said first day of June, be allowed upon Jjj®'

the exportation of seal skins tanned cr tawed in this kingdom, tien of such* in lieu of any other drawback $ and the said skins shall be ex- tanned or ported, and the said drawback allowed and paid, in such and t?y*ed seal the same manner, and under the fame regulations and restrictions, as any other hides and skins are exported, and the drawback thereupon is allowed and paid,

IX. 4*4

Person 8 in demnified

raw hides, &c of infefted cattle; or for con-

234 Anno nono Georgii III. C.39.' [1768.

IX. And whereas his Majesty by certain orders in council to prevent the contagious distemper which raged amongjt the horned , infeveralforeign parts of Europe, being brought into the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland by the importation of horns, and hoofs,of such infelled cattle, was pleased to order that the utmost

care Should be taken not to permit any entry to passed for the hides

of horned cattle, either raw or or horns and hoop which were

or might be imported into any of the ports of Great Britain or Ireland, until his Majestfs pleafshould. be further signifiedbe it

therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all personal _ actions and suits, indictments, informations, and all profecu-advifin/or l° t*ons an(* proceedings Whatsoever, which have been or shall be executing his prosecuted or commenced against any person or persons, for or Majesty's or- by reason of any act, matter or thing advised, commanded, ders of coun- appointed, or done, in relation to the premisses > or of any coning theiln- tra<^ or agreement not performed by means of, or in obedience portation of *o, such order of council, be, are, and shall be, discharged and *' * * made void by virtue of this act; and that if any action or suit

shall be commenced or prosecuted in that part of Great Britain called England, against any person or persons for any such a<5f, tracts not per- matter, or thing, so advised, commanded, appointed, or done, formed in 6r such contrail or agreement not performed, he, (he, or they, obedience may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special

thereto. matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any

General issue. a<5tion or suit so to be commenced or prosecuted shall become nonsuit, or forbear further prosecution, or suffer discontinuance, or if judgement shall be given upon any.verdiit or demurrer against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover double costs, and shall have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law : and if any such aition or suit as aforesaid shall be commenced or pfofecuted in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or in the kingdom of ,the respeitive

court before whom such aition or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted, shall allow to the defender the benefit of the discharge and indemnity hereby provided, and shall further allow to him his double costs of suit in all such cases as aforesaid.

______ X. And it is hereby further enaited by the authority afore-

impowered',by said. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King's proclamation most excellent majesty, his heirs, or successors, from time to time, as often as he or they shall find it necessary so to do, by his or their rqyal proclamation, to be issued by and with the advice of his or their privy council, or by his or their order in _ . council, to be published in the London Gazette, to prohibit ge-hides or skins. nerally, or from any particular country or countries, the importation of any hides or skins, horns or hoofs, or any other part of any cattle or beast, into the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, for such tithe or times to be therein mentioned, and under such rules, orders, and regulations, as his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, by the advice aforesaid, shall judge most expedient and effectual to prevent any contagious distemper from

being

Double costs.

His Majesty

or order in council, to prohibit the importation of foreign

235

xy6$.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 40.

being brought into these kingdomsj any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary not with (landing.

XI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That if any a<5lion shall at any time be brought against any person for any matter or thing which he or she shall do, or cause to be done, by virtue or in execution of this a(51, in every such case the defendant or defendants in every such action may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evi- General issue* dence. on any trial or trials to be hereafter had in such a<5tion; and that if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any such a<5tion shall dif-continue such action, or become nonsuit, or if judgement shall be given against such plaintiff or plaintiffs in such a<5lion, the defendant or defendants in every such action shall recover his, her, or their, treble costs of suit. Treble costs.

' CAP. XL

An act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloatbing of

the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand f&ven hundred andJixty n.

"X T THEREAS it is necessary that prov he made for Preamble.

\\ defraying the charge of the pay and cloatbing for the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one , from the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and

sixty nine; be it therefore enabled by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fplri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That in every county, riding, or place, within that part of Great Britain called England, where the militia is or shall be raised, the receiver where the mi-

or receivers general of the land tax of such county, riding orjitia is or shall place respe<5tively, shall issue and pay the whole sums required, be raised, the in the manner, and for the several uses herein after-mentioned; receiver gene-that is to say, for the pay of the said militia for four calendar eountv ^ to months in advance, at the rate of six shillings a day for each ad- jffue /months jutant, where an adjutant is appointed; and at the rate of one pay in ad-(hilling for each serjeant, with the addition of two shillings and yance, accord-six pence a week for each serjeant major, where a serjeant ma- StabHftment jor is appointed; and at the rate or six pence a day for each of pay j,ere drummer, with the addition of six pence a day for each drum let down; major, where a drum major is appointed ; and also at the rate of six pence a month for each private man and drummer, for defraying the contingent expences of each regiment, battalion, and independant company of militia; one penny whereof shall be applied for defraying the hospital expences of each regiment, battalion, or independant company, during the time of the mens bcting from home, upon account of their annual exercise; and also for half a year's salary for the clerk of each regiment or with half a battalion of militia belonging to fu9h county, riding, or place, year's salary at the rate of fifty pounds a year; and also for the respective al-to th(c,rcgl; Vol. XXVIIi: R r low-

v^

Anno nono ueokgii m. c. 40.

clerks of the general and subdivision meetings ; and pay for cloathing of the militia.

The above lbms are not to be paid, if

a has not re been

*30

battalion lowances to the clerk of the general meetings, and clerks of the and the allow*^evera^ fub-divUion meetings, at the rates following; that is to‘ anceto theW ^ay> to l^e clerk of the general meetings, at the rate of five pounds five shillings for each meeting; and to the several clerks of the subdivision meetings, at the rate of one pound one shilling for each meeting; and also for the cloathing of the militia for such county, riding, or place, after the rate of three pounds ten shillings for each Feijeant, and two pounds for each drummer, with the addition of one pound For each serjeant major, and each drum major; and with respect to the private militia men, where the militia hath not been cloathed within three years, at the fate of one pound ten shillings for each private man.

II. Provided nevertheless, That in any county, riding, or place, where pay has not yet been issued for the militia, no pay shall be issued until his Majesty's lieutenant, or, in his absence, or in case of a vacancy by the death or removal of his Majesty's

issued, till the lieutenant, any three deputy lieutenants, of any such county, lord lieute- ridings 0r place, shall have certified to,the commisioners of his ties shall have Majesty's treasury, and the receiver general of the land tax, that certified to the three nfths of the number of private militia men of such county, treasury and riding, or place, have been inrolled, and that three fifths of the proportion of their commissionofficers have accepted their commissions, and entered their qualifications as by law required.

III. And be it enacted, That all such sums of money granted for the pay of the militia as aforesaid, except such as (nail be due to the several clerks of the meetings aforesaid, and except

The money is such as shall be due on account of cloathing, shall, where the to be paid by militia has never been embodied, be paid by the said receiver or the receiver* receivers general of the land tax, into the hands of the clerk or ckrk^ofUie c^er^s the regiments or battalions of militia belonging to such regiment or county, riding/ or place, upon his or their producing his or battalion (ex- their warrant or warrants of appointment to such office, under cept the allow* the hand and seal of his Majesty's lieutenant for such respe<5tive clerks of the county» riding, or place; and where the militia has been em-meetiogs and bodied, into the hands of the clerk or clerks of the regiments for cloathing) or battalions, upon his or their producing his or their warrant upon produc- or warrants of appointment to such office, under the hand and rant of his*^ ^ c°l°nel> or> w^ere there is no colonel, of the corn-appointment ; manding officer of each regiment or battalion respectively, not-' withstanding such militia shall have been disembodiea; and and for inde- where the militia shall be formed into an independant com-pendant com* pany, or independant companies, such sums as aforesaid shall respectiveth* Pa*d ky the said receiver or receivers general of the land tax, tains, or tS31*'into the hands of the respe<Stive captain of each independant

receivers general the m-rolment of 3 fifths of the men and officers.

tains, or to their order;

according to tbeeftabfUh. mem laid

company of militia, or to such person as such respective captain shall authorize to receive the fame, according to the number of persons hereby intitled to receive pay and cloathing, of which such regiment or regiments, battalion or battalions, independant company or independant companies, shall have been appointed to consist, according to the establishment laid down in an act passed in the fecund year of the reign of his prqfent Majesty, intituled*

L.

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c.40. 237

tituled, An act to explain, amende and reduce into one act of - down in^ec

ment9 the several laws now in being, relating to the raising and - act of

ing the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; *3*

and such receiver or receivers general of the land tax shall also, A second pay 'within fourteen days after the expiration of the third calendar J?»ent ifa1'? l<> ihonth from the time of the said first payment, make a second ^month^ payment for four calendar months in advance; and shall also, afte3r t^c ^. .within fourteen days after the expiration of the three calendar and a third * months from the time of the said second payment, make a third within three payment for four calendar months in advance, for the pay ahd months after contingent expences of the militia, and for the allowances to thethc second. regimental or battalion clerk or clerks aforesaid, in the proportions herein before mentioned ; and the receipts of such clerk or Receipts of the clerks, and of such captain of an independant company, or cap- Persons to tains of independant companies, or of such person or persons as "ey Salih? so such captain or captains shall so authorize to receive such money paid discharge as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient discharge to such receiver or re- the receivers ceivers general of the land tax for the several sums of money so general* by him or them paid.

IV. And be it enacted, That the clerk of each regiment or The regimen-battalion of militia shall forthwith, after the receipt of such sums tal and hatta-of money as aforesaid, pay, or cause to be paid, one calendar h°n clerk* are-month's pay in advance to the adjutant of such regiment or bat- ^nee one* ~ talion respectively; and to the captain or officer commanding months pay each company belonging to such regiment or battalion, two to the adju-months pay in advance for the serjeants and drummers 5 and al-tant and * so to the officer commanding the company to which the serjeant ^each*cap-major and drum major shall belong, two months pay in advance tain, for the for such serjeant and drum major; and so from time to time so serjeants and long as any money on that account shall remain in his hands: drummers s which pay every such captain or officer commanding is hereby required to diftibute to each person belonging to his company, jor*nd drum-by this act intitled to receive the fame, as it shall become due; major; to be and the captain of each independant company is hereby requir- Paid to the ed to distribute to each person belonging to his company intitled the

thereto, such money as he (h^ll receive for pay of his company company to by virtue of this act; and such captain or officer commanding which they shall, once in every year, give in to the clerk of the regiment or belong: battalion to which such company shall belong, or, if captain of ^fbut^the an independant company, to the receiver general, on account pay accord-of the several payments he shall havfc made in pursuance of this ingiy; and

act, according to the following form: account for

9 the fame year-

ly to the clerk, or receiver-general if an independant company, according to the ' following form §

R % Coun-

v^

Anno nono Georgii III. c. 40*

[1768.

238

County of Dr. Contra C!r.

To cash received of Mr.

regimental or battalion clerk, or receiver general, as the case /ball be,for two months pay in advance — —■

1

Paid serjeant ' for days pay from the of to the of

, following —- —

Ditto as lerjeant major (if one in the company)

Paid serjeant for days pay from the of to the of

following — —

Paid drummer

days at six pence, from i the of to the C

of following J

Ditto as drum major (if i one in the company) 3 Paid drummer 1 days from the of C

to the of following V

hospital charges $

and the-sums necessary for the repair of arms, and

and pay back And shall pay back to the said clerk, or to the receiver general, the surplus as the case shall be, the furplu^ (if any) of the money by him Imnds.8 m b,S from time to time received, and then remaining in his hands. The Clerks V. And be it cna<Sted, That the clerk of each regiment or are likewise to battalion of militia, out of the money hereby directed to be if-payoutof the sued and paid to him for defraying the contingent expences of ' sums allowed ^h regiment or battalion, shall yearly and every year, pay to expences^fd?1 the c°l°nel or officer commanding such regiment or battalion, per man for one penny a month for each private man and drummer, for defraying the hospital expences of each respective company of such regiment or battalion during the time of the mens being absent from home, upon account of their annual exercise; and shall, from time to time, issue out and pay such sums of money as may be necessary for the repair of arms, and the carriage and removal thereof, upon an order in writing signed by the colonel or candage"there- officer commanding such regiment or battalion ; and apply, dif-of. pose of, and pay, the residue of such money, for the general

Residue to be use and benefit of each such respective regiment or battalion, in applied for the such . manner as the field officers and captains thereof, or the rv”imenf *&c &rcater Part them, shall direct; and shall yearly and every asStheCfiefd ofl year make UP an account of all such money, and the expendi-ficers and cap- ture thereof, and deliver the fame to the colonel or officer com-tains shall di- manding such regiment or battalion, to be by him examined, rtft* allowed, and (igned ; which account so allowed and signed shall

Account of be, and it is hereby directed to be, the proper voucher and ac-the said^foms qUjttal of such clerk, for the application and disposal of such yeailyT&c! “P money.

M . VI. And be it enacted, That the money hereby directed to be ed^for^confin- for the contingent expences of each independant compa -gent expences ny of militia, shall be, in like manner, applied to the particular of indepen- use of such respective independant company by the captain there-dant compa- < ancj (^aii yearly, and every year, be in like manner account-

4 «<*

i?68.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 40. 239

cd for to the receiver general of the land tax of the county or be ap-place to which such independant pompany shall belong; whose accoumed^r allowance of such account shall in like manner be the proper ^thJTcap-voucher for the expenditure and disposition thereof. tains.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commanding That the officer commanding every regiment, battalion, or in- officers^ dependant company of militia, which shall be raised and trained transmittothe pursuant to the laws now in force, shall, and they are hereby re- au<htorofthe spectively required, from time to time, within thirty days after cxc cquer the exercising of every such regiment, battalion, or independant company shall be finished, pursuant to the directidn of the laws

now in being in that respect, transmit to the auditor of his Majesty's court of Exchequer a compleat return, signed by such offi- Returns of the cer commanding, of the several officers, non-commissioned offi- officers and cers, and private men, who were actually inrolled, and did serve Pr'vate mJ1 in every such regiment, battalion, or independant company, at Jiving at the the time the fame were so exercised as aforesaid, in like manner annual exer-and form as is required to be made to one of his Majesty's prin- cife. cipal secretaries of state.

VIII. And be itenacted, That the said regimental or batta- Clerk to retain

lion clerk may and shall retain to his own ufc, out of the mo-P0,\eVn S'!8 ney so by him recovered, such further sums as shall complete salary. the allowance herein before made for his salary.

IX. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty's When the Id. lieutenant, or any three or more deputy lieutenants of any coun- lieuts, or-defy, riding, or place, shall have fixed the days of exercise for the have fi«d*the militia, he or they shall, as soon as may be, certify the fame to ^ay* of exer-the receiver general of such county, riding, or place, specifying cile,

the number of men, and the number of days such men are to they are to be absent from home on account of such exercise; and such receiver general is hereby required, within fourteen days after the receiver gene- receipt of such certificate, to issue and pay to the clerk of the fe- ral, speciifying veral regiments or battalions, at the rate of seven shillings and the number of six pence per day for the captain of each company, and at the n[! Jays rate of three shillings and six pence per day for each lieutenant, ^lent from and of three shillings per day for each ensign 5 and also at the home, rate of one shilling per day for each private militia man, with Receiver g;e. the addition of six pence per day for each corporal of the mili- n*ral to lflue tia, so to be called out to exercise, for the number of days such f0r officers and officers and men shall be absent from home on account of such men to the exercise; and in such counties where there shall be independant regimental companies only, the receiver general of each such respective cIcrk>&c* county shall issue and pay to the captains of the independant Where there companies, at the rate or seven shillings and six pence day (bah he inde-for each captain, three shillings and six pence per day for each ^nieVonl0”1" lieutenant, and three shillings per day for each ensign ; and al- {he receiver so at the rate of one shilling per day for each private militia man, general is to with the addition of six pence per day for each corporal of the >(Tue Pay to militia, so to be called out to exercise, for the number of days 1 ccoi^RrT*”0 such officers and men shall be absent from home on account of rate here such exercise $ and the said regimental or battalion clerks are set down,

R 3 here-

240 Anno nono Georgii III, c. 40.' {1768:

Clerk to pay hereby required forthwith to pay to each captain of the said re-ney^the're- Siments or battalions the proportion of pay belonging to each spectivecap." captain, and likewise the pay belonging to their respective com-tain*. panies.

Captains to X. And be it further enacted, That the captain of each comake ap their pany shall make up an account of all monies received and paid

naai

account ac- by him on account of such exercise, according to the followmg cording to the . following IOrm

f0™» County of

Dr.

Per Contra

Cr,

To cash received of the regimental or battalion clerk, or receiver general, the case /ballbe9 for

days pay of

tbe? men J

By my pay as captain Paid lieutenant Paid ensign

Paid militia men

days

Paid additional pay to corporals days

}

to be iigned Which account shall be signed by the said captain, and counter-by them, and signed by the commanding officer 5 and such captain shall, with-coumerfigned jn ten days after the time such exercise is finished, deliver such manding of- account, and pay the balance, if there be any due, to the regi-ficer, and de- mental or battalion clerk; or, if captain of an independant livered, with company, to the receiver general: and such accounts shall be the balance, to allowed as sufficient vouchers in the passing of the accounts of receiver gene- such receiver general, at the receipt of his Majesty's exche-ral. Accounts quer.

allowed luffi- XI: Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any cient vouch- regiment, battalion, or independant company of militia, is or ™8'. shall be embodied, and called out into actual service, and there-

timeuL; by the officers and private militia men are or shall be intitled to troops arc em- the fame P*y as the officers and private men in his Majesty's o-bodied, and ther regiments of-foot'receive, all pay from the receiver or recalled out in- ceivers general of the land tax for the county, riding, or place, vice and re- to which such regiment, battalion, or independant company of ceive pay as* militia shall belong, whether to the adjutants, serjeants, private the King's o- militia men, or others; and all money allowed as aforesaid for ther torc<s, the contingent expences of such regiment, battalion, or inde-fowanceTfroni Penc^ant company of militia; and also the allowance to the clerk the receivers of such regiment or battalion; shall, during such time of acftu-general is to al service, and until such regiment, battalion, or independant ceaie. company, shall be disembodied, and return home, cease and

not be paid.

Receivers ge- XII. And be it enacted, That the said receiver or receivers of neral to pay the land tax shall pay to the clerk of the general meetings his al-toeferkrofthe l°wance> at the rate of five pounds five shillings for each meet-general meet- mg, upon his producing an order or orders for that purpose mgs,andtothe from his Majesty's lieutenant, or from three deputy lieutenants clerks of the assembled at some general meeting or meetings 5 and shall also meeting up- PaX to eac^ anc* every of the clerks of the subdivision meetings on producing their several allowances, at the rate of one pound one shilling orders frpin for each meeting, upon his or (heir prQdqcing an ord$r or pr-

ders

v^

riy6Sj] Anno nono Georgii III. c.40. 241

ders from one or more deputy lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, the lieutenant assembled in the several subdivision meetings: which said order or orders shall be to the said receiver or receivers general of the *

sand tax, a sufficient discharge for the payment of such allow- ^r2ceivl ances, and be allowed in his or their account. ers general.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the clerk of Regimental each regiment or battalion of militia, shall give security to the and battalion receiver or receivers general of the land tax of the county, rid- clerks to give ing, 01 place, to which such regiment or battalion shall belong, paying and by a bond to his Majesty in the penalty of one half of the fuan accounting for required for the whole year's charge of the regiment or battalion the monies re-of militia to which such clerk shall belong, for duly answering c£lved by and paying such sums as he shall, from time to time, have re- t“CD15 ceived, and for duly accounting for the fame, and for perform- the bonds to ance of the trust hereby in him reposed ; which said bond shall be lodged with be lodged in the hands of the receiver or receivers general of the the receivers land tax for the respective county, riding, or place, who, in case

the said regimental or battalion clerk shall not duly perform the them on non-conditions.comprized in the said bond, shall, and is hereby re- performance quired forthwith to put the said bond in suit in the name of his thecondi-Majesty, his heirs, and successors 5 the full costs and charges and they are which suit, in case judgement shall be given against such regi- intitled shere-mental or battalion clerk, shall be paid by him to the said receiver upon to full or receivers general of the land tax, who shall likewise be intit- c?fts led to, and receive to his or their own use, at the rate of five ^rgCjS* r pounds per centum odt of all such monies as shall be by him or cent of the

them recovered thereon ; and shall account for the residue there- money reco-of with the proper auditor of his Majesty's revenue; the said re- vered * ceiver or receivers general of the land tax charging himself or themselves therewith, upon the next account of the land tax to fo/totheau-be by him or them passed, ditor.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the clerk of every regiment or The regimen-battalion of militia, and the captain of every independant com- tal and batta-pany of militia, in every county, riding, and place, within the hon clerks, part of Great Britain aforefard, shall, between the twenty fifth

day of March and the twenty fourth day of , one thousand compa-seven hundred and sixty nine, deliver to the receiver or receiy- nies, are to deers general of the land tax for the county, riding, or place, to liver in ac-which such regiment, battalion, or independant company shall counts of their belong, a fair account in writing, of all monies by him receiv- diSurfements ed and disbursed for the service of the preceding year, in purfu- 9

ance of this act, with proper vouchers for the fame; and shall and pay back to the said receiver or receivers general of thfe land tax, f ”e txdanceto any surplus of such monies that shall then be in his hands; the receivers which said accounts signed by such regimental or battalion clerk, general 5 or by such captain of an independant company respectively, shall who are to be transmitted by the said receiver or receivers general of the accounts\nto land tax, into the ofiice of the proper auditor of his Majesty's the auditor's revenue, office.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all penalties, Recovery of all costs and charges of suit, and all sums of money, for which penalties, &c.

R 4 any

v^

242 Anno nono Georgii III. c. 40. [1768*

any person or persons is or arc by this a<$t made answerable, may and shall be recovered in any of his Majesty*s courts of record at Westminster, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoin, wager at law, or protection, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

No fee payable XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no fee or for any war- gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid for or upon account of nloney issued any warrant or sum of money which shall be issued in relation in pursuance to, or in pursuance of, this act.

of this act. XVIL Provided always, and be it enacted, That any person Officers on being on half-pay, or being intitled to any allowance, as hav-halt-pay serv- ing served in any or either of the two troops of horse guards, or lh?amniay reg*ment of ^0"c reduced, and fervvpg in the militia, shall and ceiVe thefub- may, an^ *s hereby impowered to receive and take the subsistence mo- fiftence-money by this act directed to be paid to captains, lieu-ney payable tenants, or ensigns; and the receiving and taking such sublist-or «Censantl cnce* money by any such captain, lieutenant, or enfi'gn, shall not ,s J be deemed a receiving or taking pay, so as in any manner to prevent such person on half-pay, or being intitled to any such they taking allowance, from receiving his half-pay, or such allowance; and the following such person shall take the following oath before some justice of oath before a the peace, who is hereby impowered to administer the fame j

The oath. T A. B. dofwear^ .That I had , between the

JL any place or employment of , or , under his Ma-

jessy* besides my allowance of half-pay reduced

in late regiment of (or

allowance as in late trcop of horse ,

or regiment of horse reduced) save and except my sub-

fijlence as a lieutenant or ensign, as the case may be, for serving in the militia of the county of

And the taking the said oath shall be sufficient to intitle such person to receive his half-pay, or the said allowance, without taking any other oath; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Receiver ge- XVIII. And be further enabled by the authority aforefakj, neral upon re- That the receiver general of the land tax, so soon as he shall receiving a war- cejve a warrant under the hand of the colonel or commanding commanding officer of their respective regiments or battalions, certifying the officer, certi- receipt of thecloathing, and an order from the said colonel or fying the re- commanding officer for the money due on account of the fame, cetpt of the payable to the person or persons who furnished the said cloath-ano^eftor Pay the sum mentioned in such order to the person

payment, is to intitled to receive the fame j and such warrant and order, toger pay the fame ther with the receipt of the person receiving the said money, accordingly, foal! fce a sufficient discharge to such receiver general, mea/ ST XIX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, shall cease, 3 s.That in case any regiment, battalion, or independant compa-per dierais to ny, shall cease and determine, during the continuance of this be paid to the atf, the sum of three shillings per dietn shall be paid to such per-

V ' son

v^

1768.3 Anno nano Georgii III. c.41. 243

son as ha$ actually served as adjutant to such regiment, batta- adjutant from lion, or independant company, from the time such regiment, tim? to battalion, or independant company shall cease, to the twenty** arch# fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy.

CAP. XLI.

fin off for better securing the duties upon certain

goods removed from the out ports and other places to London 5 for regulating the fees of the officers of his customs in the province of Senegambta Africa; for allowing to the receivers general of the duties on offices and employments in Scodand, a proper compensation for their trouble and expences; for the better of ,

thornsy and quickfetSy in foreftsy and private grounds, and of trees and underwoods in for efts and chaces\ and for authorizing the exportation of a limited quantity of an inferior fort of barley9 called Bigg, from the port of Kirkwall in the islands of Orkney.

WHEREAS by an act poffied in the thirteenth and „ yean of the reign of King Charles the intituled^ Anting clause

act for preventing frauds and regulating abuses in his Majesty'sin a513 & customs; and by several subsequent acts of parliament which are now x4 Car. % . in force9 in order to prevent the clandestine importation and running of foreign goods, it is provided and enactedy that no , and

merchandizes, shall be removed in any ship or veffiel by sea9 from any one porty creeky or member, in this kingdom, to be landed at any other place of this realmy without a sufferance or warrant and other coafi dispatch first had and obtainedfrom the officers of his Majesty's 5

which regulations have been found useful and neccessary checks against frauds in his Majesty s revenues: and whereas to defeat the good -poses intended by thofrafts of parliament, great quantities of foreign goodsy which are liable to high duties upon the importation are defiinely ru:i on shore at several of the out ports of this kingdomy and are afterwards removed from thence by land carriage into London, and other parts adjacent theretOy to the great prejudice of the public revenue and the fair trader: for remedy whereof, be if enabled by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice ana f

content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, inN f . this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the{^°^J||£w fame. That from and after the first day oi juney one thou(andhat8, &c.ex-seven hundred and sixty nine, no foreign bad or draw, chip, ceeding one cane, or horsehair hats or bonnets, exceeding in number onedozcn * . dozen 5 no foreign platting or other foreign manufacture of bast ”°rr qrftraw, chip, cane, or horsehair, proper for making of hats thereof, ex* or bonnets, exceeding in quantity one pound weight avoirdu- ceeding 1 lb. pois ; no succus liquoritiay commonly called Spanish juicey of so- .n<?r Spanifti reign produce or manufa<5ture, exceeding in quantity twenty ***£*“' pounds weight; no foreign snuff, exceeding in quantity tenn<Jfnuffiolb. pounds weight; no Nanquin cloth, muslin, foreign callico, or nor Nanquin

foreign cIoth> muslin.

I

*44 Anno nono Georgii III. c. 41; £176#

callico, ordi- foreign dimity, exceeding in quantity one entire piece; and nd mit ch* P1CCC ' China earthen ware, exceeding in number twelve pieces, if the earthenware ^ame Awll ^ave been imported or seized at any out port in Great exceeding is Britain, shall be brought, removed, or carriea, either by land of pieces 5 by water, from any out port or other place whatsoever in Great Britain, into the port of L, or the members tliereof, or to

the Wat ports any P^ace whatsoever within the distance of twenty miles from fee. to Lon-9 the Royal Exchange of London, without a certificate from the col-

don, or within le&or or other proper officer of his Majesty's customs, at the so miles there-port or place where such goods were imported or seized, certi-without a cer- the duties payable upon the importation of such goods

tificateofthe have been duly paid and satisfied, or that the said goods hav$ duties being been before compounded for or condemned ; which fads shall paid, or com- be verified by the oath of the importer or proprietor thereof, rc-or that the 1 ^err'nSt0 the times when, and the place where, such goods were goods were entered, condemned, or compounded for; and if such goods condemned s shall have, been imported or seized within the port of v the*fia?S tobean<* ^ent from thence to any out port for sale, they shall not be oath 1 °n removed as aforesaid from any out port into the port of , nor if import-or the members thereof, or to any place whatsoever within the ed or seized in distance of twenty miles from the Royal Exchange of ,

London, and without a certificate from the collector or other proper bffi^er of thence°for his hfojesty's customs, at or neared to the port or place from!

faletoany whence such goods are intended to be removed, certifying that

out port, may the owner or proprietor of such goods hath made oath before they be re- him that the said goods, and every part thereof, had been sent' moved from to such owner or proprietor from London for sale, in the lawful' London°with-way trade, referring to the time when, with the name and out,a certifi- residence of the person from whom, such goods were sent j and, ate. that such owner or proprietor verily believed the duties payable

upon the importation of such goods had been duly paid and fa-1 tisfied, or that the said goods had been before compounded for or condemned; and the said respective certificates shall express the quantity and quality of the said goods, with the marks of the package thereof, to what places and to whom the fame are consigned, and by what carriage the fame are intended to be removed ; and if the said goods are removed by land, the said certificate shall also express and limit the time for which the fame shall continue in force.

The oaths and II. And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore-certificates to said. That the respective oaths and certificates herein before re-be admini- quired shall be administered and granted by the collector or 0-

grlwtedwith- 'her ProPer officer of the customs in the manner before directed, out fee. without fed or reward: and if any such bast or straw, chip, cane. If any of the or horsehair hats or bonnets, platting or other manufacture of said commodi- bast, straw, chip, cane, or horsehair, succus , snuff,

ties<hallbere-^J^w*/| cloth, muftin, callico, dimity, or earthen ware, foUnd^remov ^e rcmovc^ as aforesaid, or shall be found removing, from ing"contrary any such out port or place, in order or with an intent to be to this act, 7 carried into the port of Lond, or any member thereof, or to any place whatsoever within the distance of twenty miles from

the

v^»

1768.] Anno nono Georgii 1IL C.41V 345

the Royal Exchange of London, without such certificate; or if the fame shall not agree in all respects therewith; the goods, to- or shall not gether with the package thereof, shall be forfeited and lost, and aS^jn shall and may be seised and prosecuted by any officer or officers fhecmificate-of his Majesty's customs; and after condemnation disposed of they are for- * and divided in such manner as the like goods may, for any 6- fated, &c. ther cause of forfeiture, be seised, prosecuted, disposed of, and divided, by any act or acts of parliament now in force. \

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the But the before authority aforesaid, That nothing herein before contained shall clauses are not extend, or be construed to extend, to any bast or straw, chip,

cane, or horsehair hats or bonnets, platting or other manufac- ^ g^^as ture of bast, straw, chip, cane, or horsehair, liquoritia^ are bought in

snuff, Nanquin cloth, muffin, callico, dimity, or China earthen a public and ware, which shall have been, bona side, bought in a public and way of

fair way of trade in the cities of London or or liber- don o^Weitr

ties thereof; and which shall.be removed or removing, by any mjnfterj person or persons, - for his, her, or their own necessary use or and which wear, and shall not be intended to be sold or exposed to sale. shall.be re-

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- private use^

said. That if such bast or straw, chip, cane, or horsehair hats or and not for bonnets, platting or other manufacture of bast, straw, chip, sale. cane, or horsehair, succus liquorit'ue, fnufF, Nanquin cloth, muffin, in disputes

callico, dimity, or China earthen ware, shall be seized or flop- where any ped, for being removed or for being found removing as afore- J?c{} * ,

said without such certificate, and any doubt or dispute shall a- for being* rife whether such goods have or have not been removed, or are removed or5 or are not removing, contrary to the true intent and meaning of removing this act, the proof thereof shall lie on the owner or claimer of c?ntr to such goods, and not upon the officer who shall seize or flop such the* proof it to goods. ^ lie on the

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- claimant,

said, That if any person or persons shall falsely make oath to Penalty of any of the faCts herein before required to be sworn, such person *a,fe swearing or persons shall suffer the like pains and penalties as are incur- 1116

red by persons committing wilful and corrupt perjury; and if s

any person or persons shall counterfeit, rafe, or falsify, any cer- or of counter-

tificate required or directed by this act, or shall knowingly or fating, rating,

willingly make use of any certificate so counterfeited, rased, al- or

tered, or falsified, such person or persons shall, for every such

offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds; one moiety

thereof* to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and the other

moiety to such person or persons who shall inform and sue for

the fame in any court of record at Weslmi, wherein no ef-

foin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance,

shall be allowed.

VI. And) in order to prevent any dijputeswhich may hereafter -

rife concerning such feet as the collector of his , and

other officers of the customs in the province of Senegambia in Africa, may be intitled to, for making entries or other bufenefs done by them in

the execution of their employments, be it farther enacted by the au- '

thority

$46 Anno nono Georgii III. c.41; [176#,

Collector and thority aforesaid. That until Rich time as the fame shall be o-other officers thervyife settled by authority of parliament, it shall and may be authorized to law^u^to and for the said collector and other officers to demand take the fame and receive, take and enjoy, such fees as have been received by fees as the the like officers in the island of on or before the first

hkeoficeri in day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven a uar a oes. provided that the fees so taken are not contrary to the exprefi direction of any act of parliament made in Great Britain; and that the said officers in Seneg shall, upon the refusal of payment of such fees, have and be intitled to the fame remedy for the recovery thereof, as has been heretofore allowed to any collector or other officer of the customs in any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations; any law, bye-law, or other act of council or assembly, made in the said province of to the

contrary notwithstanding; and, in all cases whatsoever, every Governor and governor or commanding officer in the said province is hereby commanding directed to be aiding and assisting to the said officers in the due officer there execution of their offices : and if any officer of his Majesty's fiid officers in cu^oms Senegambia shall exact, require* or receive, any other the execution or greater fees than such as are herein allowed to be taken, he of their duty, shall, for the first offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; cine Penalty of ex- mpiety of which penalty shall be to his Majesty, his heirs, and acting greater fUCcessors, and the other moiety to the person or persons ag-eM* grieved thereby, who shall sue for the fame in the proper court

of Senegambia 5 and for the second offence he shall forfeit his place, and be for ever after incapable of executing any office or employment in the customs.

Clauses in aft VII. And whereat by an act made-in the fifth year of the reign of 5 Geo. 3. his present Majesty, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund ; for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty five; for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; for allowing to the receivers general of the duties on offices and employments in Scotland a reward for their trouble; and for allowing further time to such pierfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and follicitors; it wat recited, that by an act made in the thirty first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, certain duties were laid upon ojficet and employments, and the thereby drifing, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, were directed to be paid at Edinburgh to such person or persons as the -missioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer Great Britain for the time being, Should confiitute and appoint to be receiver general or receivers thereof for his Majestfs ufeybut no been

made, or authority given, for allowing any compensation, or granting any reward, to such receiver or , for his or their trouble in

the receiving the said monies, and in the paying and accounting for the fame: and it was therefore enacted. That it Should and might be lawful to and for such receiver or receivers to retain, out of the monies which had been and Should be said into his or their hands in

fiance

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c.41;

247

juatice of the said at7, such funi*as a compensation or reward for his

or their trouble* as his Majesty* his heirs* and Should ap-

point 9 not exceeding three pence in the pound: and whereas the said allowance of three pence in the pound is little more than to

defray the expence of an agent in London, to receive and negotiate the bills by which the monies arising from the aforesaid duty are remitted from Edinburgh, and to pay the fame into the receipt of his jessy's exchequer* and also to defray such other small contingent ex-

pence f* as mujl necessarily attend the raising and collecting thereof 5 whereby the intention of the before receited act is frustrated* and the said receiver or receivers hath or have a very inadequate or

reward for his or their own service in raififig and collecting the said

duties: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Additional al-it shall and may be lawful to and for the receiver or receivers of lowance of the said duty to retain, out of the monies that have been and 1, perann. shall be paid into his or their hands in pursuance of the before macle mentioned act of the thirty first year of his late majesty King theSdu-" George the Second, over and above the allowance of three pence ties on offices in the pound granted by the before recited act of the fifth year and employ-of his present Majesty, such farther sum as his Majesty, his mejjts m Scot-heirs and successors, by his or their warrant or warrants, coun- an * terfigned by the high treasurer, or any three or more of thecommissioners of the treasury for the time being, shall appoint, not exceeding one hundred pounds per annum as £ compensation or reward for his or their trouble.

VIII. And whereas by an act made in the sixth year of his present Clause in aft Majesty'sreign* intituled* An act for the better preservation of 6 Geo. 3. roots, shrubs, and plants, it was* amongst other That all and every person and ptrfins whofrom and after the twen-

ty fourth day of9June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty Should go into the woods* underwoods* or wood of anp of his

Majesty's subjects* not being the lawful owner or owners ' thereof*

and Should there cut* hp* top or Jpoil, fiplit do wn or or other-

wife defiroy any kind of wood or underwood* Jlicks of green Jhrub* or young trees* or carry or convey away the fame; or

Should have in his* her* or their custodyany kind of

wood* poles* flicks of wood* green stubs* or young and Should

not give a satisfactory account bow be* Jhe* or they* came by the fame*

and Should be thereofconvicted before any one or more if his Majesty s justices of the peace* on the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses* Should* for the first offence* forfeit and pay immediately on conviction* any sum not exceeding the sum of forty together

with the charges previous to and attending such conviction* to be ascertained by the said justice or justices who Should convict the offender or offenders 5 and if any person or per fins Should commit any of the offences aforesaid a second time* and Should be thereof again convicted in manner aforesaid* he* Jhe* or they Should forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding the sum of five pounds* together with the charges previous to

and attending such conviction* to be ascertained as j and if

any person or per fins Should commit any of the offences aforesaid a third time* that then* such person or per fins* being duly convicted thereof

according

248

Anno nono Georgii IIF. c. 41; [176J

according to law, Should be deemed and adjudged an incorrigible or rogues^ and Should be punished such : and whereas great -

tien bath of late been made of ,and growing

upon his Majestfs forests and chajes within this kingdomy to the great prejudice of his Majesifsdeery and other game therein 5 and also 0) hollies, thornsy and quickfets, growing in tj>e woods and wood grounds of his Majesty's subjects: for the better preventing such evil and abuses for the futurey be it'enacted by the authority aforesaid, The recited That from and after the first day of Juty, one thousand seven clause, and all hundred and sixty nine, the Dud clau(e in the said act made id &c. thereby8* t^ie present Majesty's reign, and all and evert

inflicted, See. the penalties, forfeitures, and punifoments, thereby inflicted, are extended and all other provisions, clauses, matters, and things, relating aJ]dh^PP^.d to thereto, shall extend, and be deemed, taken, and construed to fty*s ford?/" cxtcn(*> and foaH be applied and put in execution, in relation and chaces § to all his Majesty's forests and chafes within this realm ; and to and to persons all and every person or perfonS who foall, without legal right or destroymg, or authority, by night or day, cut down, destroy, take, carry, of convey away, any hollies, thorns, or quickfets, growing or be-thoms, or * ing upon any of his Majesty's said forests or chafes, or within quickfets, &c. the wood or wood grounds of any of his Majesty's subjects; of and to persons who foall have in his, her, or their, custody or possession any such^n their hollies, thorns, or quickfets, and foall not give a satisfac-custody, for torY account how he, foe, or they, came by the fame, and shall which they be thereof convicted before any one or more of his Majesty's ju-cannot satis- ftices of the peace in the manner prescribed and directed by the y ac‘ said act; and such justice or justices is or are hereby authorized to administer oaths, and proceed in the like manner for the conviction and punifoment of every offender in the premises, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if the feveraf provisions in the said act had been particularly repeated andap-plied to the offences herein before ipecified.

Conviction of IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, offenders to That the conviction and convictions of all and every offender thegeneral % ° an<* offenders against this act, foall be certified by the justice or quarterfession. justices of the peace, before whom the fame foall be made, to the next general quarter sessions of the peace, to be filed among# the records of the said sessions 5 and that such conviction shall be fairly written on parchment or paper in the following form of words (as the case foall happen) or in any other form of words to the like effect j that is to say.

T®

v^

iyoo-J

anno none* oeorgii m. c.42.

To wit. 1>E it remem, that of _ /# the year

449

Form of the A.B. conviction.

upon the complaint ofC. D. convicted before of the

justices of the peace for in of an act

passed in the ninth year of the reign of his m King George the

Third, for (as the case shall be).

Given under . hand and seal the day and year above

written.

Which said conviction shall be good and effectual in law to all intents and purposes; and shall not be qualhed, let alide, or ad- Not liable to judged void or insufficient, for want of any form or words what- bc quaftied, or soever, nor to be liable to be removed by Certiorari into his Ma- removed-jelly's court of King's Bench, but shall be deemed and taken to be final to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

X. And whereas a considerable quantity of that species of barley> Bigg not ex-

tommonly r<$WBigg, of the growth of the islands Orkney, is now ceeding 5000

in the hands of the owners and occupiers of lands in the said ^eartrowth f

which from its inferior quality is altogether unfit for any houjbold uses; §[ °

and if\not permitted to be exported to Portugal and other places for the Orkney, feeding of mules and horses ( the only use this species of grain is fit for) will be entirely loft to the ownersj for remedy whereof be it enabled by. the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, by order or orders to be rpade in council for that purpose, under such limitations and re-. liriClions as shall be expressed in such order or orders, to permit ^!owed ** and authorize the exportation of any quantity or quantities of cenai^re-^ such barley or bigg, not exceeding five thousand quarters, of the ftrittions, growth of the islands of Orkney, worn the port of Kirktuall to the from the port kingdom of Portugal, or elsewhere; any law or Statute to the of Kirkwall to contrary notwithstanding. Portugal,

XI. Provided nevertheless, That no bounty or allowance

whatsoever shall be granted or paid in respect or such barley or thereupon* bigg to be exported as aforesaid.

CAP. XLII.

An act for explaining, amending, and continuing an act made

in the second year of his present Maj, An act

to explain, amend, and reduce into one ad of parlia-^ ment, the feveraj laws now in being, relating to the railing and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England.

WHEREAS a well regulated militia is of the utmost importance Preamble.

to the internal defence of this country: and whereas the laws now in force for the training and regulating the , which are by experience found to be useful and beneficialare near expiring: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That an act passed in the second year of so much of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to amend, and the several

reduce into one act of parliament^ the several laws now in , re- afoot* Geo.3,

toting

*50

♦ Geo. 3,

5 Geo. 3,

and another act of 5Geo.;

♦ Geo* 3.

7 Geo. 3,

and another of 7 Geo. 3. as are now re-fpettively in force, and not hereby repealed,

are made perpetual.

Anno nono Georgii III. c#4*.' £1768

lating to the raising and training the militia laitbin that part reat

Britain called England, or so much of the said adfc as is now in force, and not herein or hereby repealed; and also an act passed in the fourth year of the said reign, intituled, An to explain and amend an act passed in the second year of the reign of his Majesty, intituled, An a 6kto explain, amend, and reduce into

one act of parliament, the several laws now in being, relating to the railing and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England,, or so much of the said act as is now in force, and not herein or hereby repealed; and also so much of an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for applying the money in this

of parliament, for defraying the charge of the pay and the

militia in that part ofG reat Britain called England for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one hundred

and sixty flue; and for punishing militia men neglefling their duty, as is now in force, and not herein or hereby repealed ; and also , so much of an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to explain, and enforce, the

several laws now in being, relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England, as is now in force, and not herein or hereby repealed ; and alfofo much of an act passed in the sixth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for applying the money granted in this Jejjion of ,

for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia of that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day March, one thousand seven hundred andfix; and for explaining, amending, and rendering more several afis of parliamentpajfed in the fourth, and fifth years of

the reign of his present Majesty,relating to the raising and training the militia within that part ofG reat Britain called England, as is now in force, and not herein or hereby repealed; and also so much of an act made the seventh year of the reign of his .present Majesty, intituled, An act for giving further time to his lieu-

tenants, deputy lieutenants, justices, and clerks of the peace, and others, for carrying into execution certain parts of an act passed in the lafi session, for pay and cloathing of the militia; and for indemnifying

such lieutenants and clerks of the peace, and others, who have -lested to carry such parti of the said act into execution, as may be now in force, and also so much of one other act, passed in the seventh year of the said reign, inituled. An act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty

for the more efifeftual punishing ferjea and fifers, for misbehaviour and defection, and for securing deserters from the militia regiments; and for explaining and amending so much of an act passed in the lafi session of parliament as relates to the inlifiing militia men into his Majestys other forces, as is now in force, and not herein and hereby repealed, (all which acts, or parts or clauses of acts, are now near expiring) shall be and are hereby made perpetual.

II. And

L.00Q le

t?68.] Anno nono GeorgU III. c. 42. 51

II. And whereas the qualifications of deputy lieutenants and officers serving in the militia, directed and required in and by the act of the second year of his present Majesty's reign, hath been found inconvenient and detrimental to the service, by rendering it difficult to obtain a sufficientnumber of deputy lieutenants to act in the execution of the

laws relating to the militia, and of subaltern officers to the several corps of militia now raised: and whereas it would be of great advantage to that service, if the qualifications required by the said act for deputy lieutenants and subaltern officers were lessened, and the qualifications required for the superior officers were imreased, as thereby to give to the publick,on the whole, a greater feturity ; be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said.act of the second Repeal of year of his present Majesty's reign, as requires and directs the much of aft qualification of deputy lieutenants and officers serving in the * Geo. 3. as militia, and the register of such qualifications, and the several Qualification matters and things relating thereto, shall be, and the fame is of dep lieute* hereby declared to be, repealed. nants and

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the pass- officers, and ing of this act, each person so to be appointed a deputy lieute- the register of nant, shall be seised or pofiefied, either in law or equity, for cations**1 his own use and benefit, in possession of a freehold, copyhold, Qualification, or customary estate, for life, or for some greater estate, or of upon the pre^4 an estate for some long term of years, determinable in one or fern establish-more life or lives, in manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or ™ent\ °* a hereditaments, in England, Wales, or the town of Berwick up- ieu e“ on Tweed, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds; or shall * ‘

be heir apparent of some person who shall be, in like manner, seised or pofiefied of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of four hundred pounds : and each person so to be appoint- Colonel, ed a colonel, shall be, in like manner, seised or pofiefied of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one thousand pounds; or shall be heir apparent to some person who shall be, in like manner, seised or pofiefied of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of two thousand pounds : and each person

so to be appointed a lieutenant colonel, shall be, in like man- Lieutenant ner, seised of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of colonel, six hundred pounds $ or shall be heir apparent of (bme person who shall be, in like manner, seised or pofiefied of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one thousand two hundred pounds : and each person so to be appointed a major, or a cap- Major, or tain, shall be, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate, captain, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds; or shall be heir apparent of some person who shall be, in like manner, seised or pofiefied.of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of four hundred pounds 5 or shall be a younger fonof some person who shall be, or, at the time of his death, was, in like manner, seised or pofiefied of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of six hundred pounds : and that each pe/fon so to be appointed lieutenant, shall be, in like manner, seised or pof- Lieutenant, sessed of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of fifty pounds; or shall be possessed of a personal estate alone to the a-Voi. XXVili. S mount

^

*52

and ensign i

Annonono Georgii III. c.42. [1768.

mount of one thousand pounds, or seised or poftefted of real and personal estate together to the amount or value of two thousand pounds; or shall be son of some person who shall be, or, at the time of his death, was, in like manner, seised or poftefted of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one hundred pounds; or who shall be, or who, at the time of his deaths was, poftefted of a personal estate alone to the amount of two thousand pounds, or seised or poftefted of real and personal estate together to the amount or value of three thousand pounds: and that each person so to be appointed an en(ign, shall be, in like manner, seised or poftefted of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly , value of twenty pounds ; or shall be poftefted of a personal estate alone to the amount of five hundred pounds, or seised or possessed of real and personal estate together to the amount or value of one thousand pounds; or shall be son of some person who shall be, or, at the time of his death, was, in like manner, seised or poftefted of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of fifty pounds; or who shall be, or who, at the tjme of his death, was, poftefted of a personal estate alone to the amount of one thousand pounds, or seised or poftefted of real and perfo-One moiety of na^ eftzxe together, to the amount or value of one thousand five

the estates re- hundred pounds: one moiety of which said estates, required as qmrtd as qua- qualifications for each deputy lieutenant, colonel, lieutenant co-li fications to lonel, major, or captain respectively, shall be situate or arising arifin'^within w*l^*n such respective county, riding, or division, in which he the county, shall be appointed to serve.

Qualifications IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, for the pur-equivaient to poses of the respective qualifications required by this act, the an estate of immediate reversion or remainder of and in manors, mefiuages, and^fiwo‘lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which are leased for one portion!" pf° or for two or three lives, or for any term of years determinable upon the death of one life, or of two or three lives, on reserved rents, and which are, to the lefl*ee or lessees, of the clear yearly value of three hundred pounds, shall be deemed e-qual to an estate herein before described as a qualification of the yearly value of one hundred pounds, and so in proportion, be the said qualification of a greater or less degree.

Other equiva- V. And be it enacted, That a person poftefted, either in law lent qualifica- ot equity, for his own use and benefit, in possession of an estate tiens for dep. for a certain term, originally granted for twenty years, or more, and^fficers an annua^ va*ue» over an^ above all rents and charges payable out of, or in respect of, the fame, equal to the value of such an estate as is required for the qualification of a deputy lieutenant and commission officer of the militia respectively, and situate as aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby deemed and declared to be, duly and fufticiently qualified to act and serve under such respective commission.

VI. And be it enacted, That in the several counties of Cumberland, Huntingdon, Monmouth, and , and

of every county and place in the dominion of Wales respectively, blinimentj for there shall be five or more deputy lieutenants appointed (if so

4 many

Number ofd. lieutenants, according to the new etta-

i?68.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 42. 253

many persons qualified as herein after expressed can be therein the counties found) and the efiates requisite for the qualification of the re- ,of Cumber-spective deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia therein, don/Mon^S~ shall be as follows; that is to say, a deputy lieutenant shall be, mouth, West-in like manner, seised or pofiefied of a like estate, as aforesaid, of morland, Rut-the yearly value of one hundred and fifty pounds ; or shall be ,^*fj' and heir apparent to a person, who shall be, in like manner, seised Qualification or pofiefied of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of oFa dep. lieu-three hundred pounds: a colonel shall be, in like manner, seised tenant for / or pofiefied of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of counties^ six hundred pounds; or shall be heir apparent of a person who 0 a co on^ * shall be, in like manner, seised or pofiefied of a like estate, as a,-foresaid, of the yearly value of one thousand two hundred pounds ; a lieutenant colonel, or major commandant, shall be. Lieutenant ' in like manner, seised or pofiefied of a like estate, as aforesaid, colonel.

of the yearly value of four hundred pounds ; or shall be heir apparent of a person who shall be, in like manner, seised or pof-fefied of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of eight hundred pounds : a major or captain shall be, in like manner, Ma- or ieifed or possessed of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly captain, value of one hundred and fifty pounds; or shall be son of a person who shall be, or, at the time of his death, was, in like manner, seised or pofiefied of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of three hundred pounds: a lieutenant shall be, in Lieutenant, like manner, seised or pofiefied of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of thirty pounds; or who shall be pofiefied of a personal estate alone, to the amount of six hundred pounds ; or seised.or pofiefied of real and personal estate together, to the a-mount or value of one thousand two Hundred pounds ; or shall be the son of a person who shall be, or, at the time of his death, was, in like manner, seised or pofiefied of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of sixty pounds; or who shall be, or who, at the time of his death, was, pofiefied of a personal estate alone, to the amount of one thousand two hundred pounds 5 or seised or pofiefied of real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of two thousand four hundred pounds: an ensign shall be, in like manner, seised or pofiefied a„d ensign * of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of twenty pounds; .or who shall be pofiefied of a personal estate alone, to the amount of three hundred pounds ; or seised or pofiefied of real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of six hundred pounds; or shall be the son of a person who shall be, or, at the time of his death, was, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of thirty, pounds; or who shall be, or who, at the time of his death, was, pofiefied of a personal estate alone, to the amount of six hundred pounds ; or seised or pofiefied of real and personal estate A moiety of together, to the amount or value of one thousand two hundred theirquaUfica-pounds : one half of all which respective estates (except those or

for the qualifications of lieutenants and ensigns) shall be situate arising within or arising within such respective county or riding in which such their respec-officers Sialj be respectively appointed to serve. countie**

S 2 Pro-

v^

Qualification requiiite for tWe isle of Ely and Cam- bridge, viz. for a dep. lieutenant,

Captain,

254 Anno nono Georgii III. C.42.

Where toper- Vlt. Provided always, That in such counties where twenty Tons qualified pCrf0ns cannot be found qualified as aforesaid, and willing to act aft a» dep? IO as deputy lieutenants, it may and shall be lawful for his Maje-lieutenants fty's lieutenant of any such county, and he is hereby required, 'can't be found, after having appointed so many persons as can be found qualified as aforesaid, to appoint such number of persons to be depu. ty lieutenants as shall be requisite to make up the number twen-the deficiency ty, who shall respeaively be seised or possessed of a like estate of uV of pertons t"e Ycarty va^Ue °ne hundred pounds, and situate as aforesaid; ot an inferior and every such person shall be, and is hereby deemed and de-qualification, dared to be, duly and sufficiently qualified to ad and serve under such respective commissions.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the estates requisite for the qualification of the deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia in the ifie of Ely, in the county of , shall be as fol-

lows ; a deputy lieutenant (half be seised or possessed of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one hundred and fifty pounds; or shall be heir apparent of some person who shall be, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of three hundred pounds : a captain shall be, in like manner, seised or pofiefied of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one hundred pounds; or shall be heir apparent of a person who shall be, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds; or shall be a younger son of some person who shall be, or, at the time of his death, was, in like manner, seised or. pofiefied of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of three hundred pounds : a lieutenant shall be, in like manner, seised or pofiTefied of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of thirty pounds 5 or shall be possess*ed of a personal estate to the amount of six hundred pounds \ or shall be son of some person who shall be, or, at the time or his death, was, in like manner, seised or pofiefied of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of sixty pounds; or who shall be, or, at the time of his death, was, pofiefied of a personal estate to the a-and ensign» mbbnt of one thousand tw'o hundred pounds: an ensign shall be, in like manner, seised or pofiefied of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of twenty pounds 5 or shall be pofiefied of a personal estate to the amount of three hundred pounds; or shall be the son of some person who shall be, or, or at the time of his death, was, in like manner, seised or pofiefied of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of thirty pounds ; or who shall be, or, at the time of his death, was, possessed of a perfo-of lieutenants nal estate to the amount of six hundred pounds: one half of all and ensigns) which estates (except those for the qualifications of lieutenants to befiraatein and ensigns) shall be situate or arising within the said ifie of Ely, bridge. am" or I°me other part of the county of .

Number of IX. And be it enabled. That in all cities or towns which are deputy licute- counties within themselves, and have heretofore been empow-nants for such ered, by law or ancient usage, to raise and train a separate mili-tovvnV^wrc t,a mthin thw fever a 1 precin<5ts and liberties, and which are

united

Lieutenant,

A moiety of the qualifications (except

ty6S.] Anno nono Georgii III. c.42. 255

united with, and made part of, any county or counties for the counties with-purposes of raising the militia only; his Majesty's lieutenant ofin themselves * such cities or towns, or, where there is no lieutenant ap- to be appoint-pointed by his Majesty, the chief magistrate of such city or town, ed.

shall appoint five or more deputy lieutenants (if so many persons qualified as is hereinafter exprefiedcan therein be found) and shall also appoint officers of the militia, whole number and rank shall be proportionable to the number of militia men which such city or town shall raise as their quota, towards the militia of the county to which such city or town is united for the purposes aforesaid; the qualification of which officers respectively shall be as is hereinafter mentioned; and all powers and provisions made by this powers and act, with respect to counties at large, and the militia thereof, provisions of and the registering the qualifications of deputy lieutenants and this whh officers, shall take place and be in force with respect to the said countiefat cities and towns, and the militia thereof, and the registering the ia, an(j thC said qualifications: and the value of the respective qualifications militia thereof the deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia of such cities °{*&c,5xt5l?‘|“ or towns shall be as follows; every deputy lieutenant shall becities and ^ seised or poffefTed of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly va- towns * lue of one hundred'and fifty pounds; or shall be possessed of a personal estate alone, or seised or possessed of real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of three thousand pounds: and every field officer shall respectively be seised or possessed of a Qualification like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of three hundred cfihe deputy > pounds ; or shall be pofTefled of a personal estate alone, or seif- lieutenants ed or possessed of real and personal estate together, to the amount thereo*» or value of five thousand pounds; and the qualification of a captain shall be a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value ofaiuj of the one hundred and fifty pounds, in manors, mefiuages, lands, field officers, tenements, or hereditaments, or personal estate alone, or seised or pofiefie^ of real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of two thousand five hundred pounds: and the qualification of a lieutenant shall be a like estate, as aforesaid, of the Ga . yearly value of thirty pounds, in manors, mefiuages, lands, tene- Lieutenants, ments, or hereditaments, or personal estate alone, to the a- and ensigns' piount or value of seven hundred and fifty pounds: and the A moiety of qualification of an ensign shall be a like estate,, as aforesaid, of their qualifi-the yearly value of twenty pounds, in manors, mefiuages, lands, colons (ex-tenements, or hereditaments, or personal estate alone, to theSntsandemT amount or value of four hundred pounds : one half of all which signs) to be * real estates respectively (except those for the qualification offituatedin lieutenant and ensigns) shall be situate or arising within such ci- such cities ty or town, or within the county at large to which such city or county at *** town is united for the purposes aforesaid. large/

X. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contain- Adjutants ed in respect to the qualification of lieutenants and ensigns of though ap-the militia shall extend, or be construed to extend, to such per- pointed lieu-fem as shall be appointed an adjutant of any regiment or batta- {jena8nta8r°re*n* lion of militia, and shall also be appointed a lieutenant or ensign cfpted out of in such regiment or battalion; but that it shall and may be law- the general

$ 3 ful qualification.

<2$6 Anno nono Georgii III. c. 42. [1768.

ful for his Majesty's lieutenant, in and for any county or place, to give to such person appointed an adjutant, a commission of a lieutenant, or an ensign, although such person hath not the qualification for such commiflidn as is herein directed and required.

The present XL Provided always, and be it enabled. That the several qualifications qualifications herein above directed, shall not extend, or be con-to officers now “ruC(^ to extend, to any person who is now actually fervifrg as actualJy serv- an officer in the rtiilitia of this kingdom; but that every such ing in the person, being duly qualified, as'ih and by the former laws relat-

muitia j ing to the militia is directed and required, shall and may con-

tinue to serve in the militia of this kingdom, in such rank only in which he now serves, although not qualified as herein before is directed.

nor to deputy lieutenants and officers commissioned by the constable of the tower, or lieutenant of the tower hamlets

Persons who have not delivered in their qualifications pursuant to former acts, aie difquali-fied from acting till they cctanply.

Cletk of the peace to transmit to one of the lecreta-ries of It ate an animal account of the qualifications enrolled with him :

Copies to be laid before parliament. Time limited for dep. lieutenants and officers, who have omitted it, to take the oaths, &c.

Act 1 Geo. 1. and C Geo. 3.

XII. And be it enacted, That the qualifications above directed to enable any person to be a deputy lieutenant colonel, lieutenant colonel, major, captain, or lieutenant, shall not extend to such commissions as shall be granted by his Majesty's constable of the tower, or lieutenant of the tower hamlets,

XIII. And be it enacted, That no deputy lieutenant, or com-

mission officer in the militia, who shall not have delivered in a qualification as required by any of the former acts relating to the militia, shall act as such. until he shall have left with the clerk of the peace of the county, riding, division, or place, in and for which he shall be so appointed, his qualifications, in writing, signed by himself; and such clerk of the peace is hereby required to enter the fame upon a roll to be kept for that purpose; and shall, in the month of 'Januaryin every year, transmitto one of his Majesty's principal secretaries offtate, acompleat account of the qualifications so left, or to be left, with him 5 and the said secretaries of state, receiving such accounts, shall cause copies thereof to be annually laid before both houses of parliament: and every deputy lieutenant and commission officer, not having already taken and subscribed the oaths, and made, repeated, and subscribed, the declaration as required by the former acts relating to the militia, shall, at some general quarter sessions, or in one of his Majesty's Courts of record at , with-

in six months after he shall have accepted Ms commission, take the oaths in and by an act passed in the first year of the reign of his majesty King George the First, intituled, act for the further Jecurityof his Majesty's person and governments and the

son of the crown in the heirs of the late Sophia -

fonts j and for extinguijking the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open and secret abettors; and also the oath in and by an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his present Ma* jesty, intituled, An act for altering the oath of abjuration and the ajjura nee, and for amending so much of an act of the seventh year of her late MajestyQueen Anne, intitul, An act for the improve-

ment and the union of the two kingdoms, after the time therein limited, requ,ires the delivery of certain lifts or copies therein mentioned to persons indicted of high or misprifton of treason,

appoint

*768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 42.

appointed to be taken; and shall also make, repeat, and subscribe, the declaration, in the said act of the first of King the First, directed to be made, repeated, and subscribed, by all officers civil and military.

XIV. And be it enacted, That if any person shall execute any of the powers hereby conferred on deputy lieutenants, colonels, lieutenant colonels, or majors, not being qualified as aforesaid ; or shall not deliver in such qualification ; and take the oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe, the declaration a> foresaid, as is herein before required 5 every such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds: and if any of the persons shall execute any of the powers hereby conferred on. captains, lieutenants, or ensigns, (not being qualified as aforesaid) and shall not deliver in such qualification, and take the oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe, the declaration aforesaid, as is herein before required, every such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds; such fevdral penalties to be recovered by ^cftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at

wherein no effoin, wager of law, or protection, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed ; one moiety whereof shall go to the use of the person who shall sue for the fame, and the other moiety to the uses herein after directed.

XV. And be it enacted, That in every action, suit, or information, brought against any person for acting as deputy lieutenant, colonel, lieutenant colonel, major, captain, lieutenant, or ensign, not being qualified as herein before is directed, the proof of his qualification shall lie upon the person against whom the fame is brought.

XVI. Provided always, and oe it enabled. That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to restrain his Majesty's lieutenant of any county, riding, division, or place, from appointing any peer of this realm, or heir apparent of any such peer, to be a deputy lieutenant, or a commission officer in the militia, within the county, riding, division, or place, wherein such peer, or heir apparent of such peer, shall respectively have some place of residence; or to oblige any peer, of this realm, or heir apparent of such peer (so appointed p deputy lieutenant or commission officer respectively) to leave with the clerk of the peace for the county, riding, division, or place, for which he shall be appointed, any qualification in writing as aforesaid ; but it shall be lawful for every peer of this realm, or heir apparent of such peer, so appointed, and taking the oaths, and making, repeating, and subscribing the declaration aforesaid, to act as a deputy lieutenant or commission officer respectively, although he shall not be seised or possessed of any such estatein manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as is required by this act.

XVII. And whereas by an act made in the secondyear of his pre-

sent Mojestys reign, intituled, An act to explain, amend, and

reduce into one act of parliament, the several laws now in being,

S 4 re*

*57

*001. penalty on d. lieuts. cols. 1. cols, or majors acting, not being qualified ; or not deliver-in in their qualification j or not taking the oaths, &c.

and iool. on captains, lieuts. and ensigns;

to be recovered by action of debt, &c«

Proof of qualification to lie on the person rued.

Peers, or heirs apparent of peers, capable of toeing appointed d lieuts. or officers, without delivering their qualification ;

only taking the oaths,

Recital of clauses in act Geo. 3. and other acts.

0

258 Anno nono Georgii III. c. 42.' [1768.

relating to the railing and training the militia within that part

of Great Britain called England it is That in all counties and places where the militia Jhanot have been in pursuance of

the former act relating thereto, and where it Should not be raised in pursuance of the said act, the of five pounds Should be annually

paid in lieu of every private man to be raised within the same; and that the jufttces of the peace, at the general quarter fejfltonsy Should rate and assess on such county of place the said sum of five pounds per man9 and levy and collect the fame in the fame in all

respects, as the county rates ar, by an act of the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the or any other act

or acts of parliament, to be raised, assessed, levied,

and accounted for ; and that the said rates and sums so -

lested, and levied, Should be paid by the treasurer of such county Jo the receiver general thereof, whose receipt Should be a dif-

charge for such payment: and whereas by other acts relating

to the militia, passed in the fourth, fifth, and sixth years of his sent Majesty'sreign,s divers provisions are made, arid powers and -re ft ions are given, for raising the said sum of five pounds per man, within all such counties and places wherein the militia had not been raised, or Should not be raised, and for enforcing the payment thereof: and whereas,notwithstanding the directions contained in the said fe-

veral acts, several of the counties within that part of Great Britain called England have neither raised any militia, nor paid the said five pounds per man per annum, according to the directions of the said several acts j whereby they avoid contributing to the support of government with such counties as have raised and trained the militia in compliance with the directions of the said act : and whereas it is just and reasonable, that all his Majesty s subjects Should contribute equally to the support of his government, and the de-'

Repeal of so fence of kingdoms : be it therefore enacted by the authority much of the aforesaid, That so much of the said several in part recited adis recited acts as as relates to the raising of the said sum and sums of five pounds relates to the per man, within all such counties and places wherein the mili-marT^here*1 **a hath not ^een ra^ec*> or Should not be raised, and to the en-th^miTitiahasforcing the payment thereof, shall be, and the fame is hereby not been raif- declared to be, repealed.

ed, &e. XVIII. And be it enacted, That his Majesty's lieutenant.

Where the or three deputy lieutenants, for every county or place within militia has that part or Great Britain called England, where the militia has bTraiied, a been or he raised, shall yearly, and every year, on or be-yearly return fore the twenty fifth day of December, certify to the cleric of' thereof is to the peace of every county or place respectively, that the militia be certifiedby of fijCh county or place hath been raised, and when, and at to^he clerk^f what time, the fame was first raised, the names, number, and the peace) rank of officers, and the number of private men of the militia in the year when such certificate is made, and the respective times of such militia been trained and exercised in the year in which is to be which such certificate is made; which certificate shall, by the delivered by clerk of the peace who shall receive the fame, be delivered to next^neral *he Jufoce$ the peace at their general quarter sessions to be

1^68.] Anno nono Gsorgii III. c. 42; 259

held next after the tweQty fifth day of December in every year, quarter fef-on the day on which such sessions shall be opened, and (nail file "°"8* the fame amongst the records of such sessions, so that the true mongst the*" state of the militia in each county nay appear. records s

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in every But where no county and place, wherein no such certificate from his Majesty's such return lieutenant, or three deputy lieutenants, shall be delivered to the is mad*» tht clerk of the peace, as aforesaid, that the clerk of the peace of peace k to every such county or place shall, and is hereby required, at the certify such general quarter (eflions of the peace to be held next after the omission ao twenty fifth day of December in every year, to certify under his cordingly, hand and seal, to the justices of the peace so assembled at their

said general quarter sessions, on the day such sessions shall be opened, that he hath not received from his Majesty's lieutenant of the said county or place, or any three deputy lieutenants thereof, any such certificate as is herein before directed to be by them made ; and such clerk of the peace is hereby directed to and file the file (bch certificate amongst the records of such sessions. ^me*

XX. And be it enabled. That in all counties and places* Where the where the militia shall not be raised, the sum of five pounds militia shall shall be annually paid, for and in lieu of every private militia not be raised, man dire<sted to be raised within the same; and that in every to beYn'nually county and place where no such certificate shall be made by his paid in lieu J Majesty's lieutenant, or three deputy lieutenants, in manner thereof; herein before directed, and the fame shall be certified by the and so clerk of the peace as aforesaid, the justices of the peace of every "spumed ** such county or place shall and they are hereby required, at their the quarter said general quarter sessions of the peace to be held next after sessions are to the twenty fifth day o\ December in every year, to rate and assess rate thecoun--the sum of five pounds per man upon such county or place, lordin^v* ^ in such and the same manner, and according to such and the ** fame proportions upon every town, parish, and place, within

each respective county and place, and to be levied, colle<sted, received, and paid, and to be accounted for in such manner, and by such means, with such powers of distress, and other re- Power of le-medies for enforcing the colle<ftion and payment thereof, and for vying, &c. the punishine all persons whose duty it shall be to collect or Accountfame> for the same, and shall make default therein, as the county rates have been usually, or may, by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An act for the eafynjfejfing, collecting, and levying, of county rates, or by any other aor acts of parliament, be anefled, colle<sted, received, levied, paid, and accounted for, within the said county,

XXL Provided al ways. That even, person, ^ng duly qua-officm who lified according to the dire<ftions of this act, who shall have have served 4 served as an officer in any corps of militia raised within the years $ or who kingdom for the space 6f four years; or who shall be actually shall be a&u-serving as an officer in any corps of militia; or who shall offer himself, by writing under his hand, in manner as in and by the °0 fervc. said in part recited act of the second year of his present Majesty * fe and required, to ferye as an officer in the militia of any

coupty^

2$o Anno hono Gkorgit III. C. 42J {176s.

county, riding, or place, where the militia hath not heen raised, or shall not be raised, and shall be heady and willing to (efve are exempted when required inanyrank for which he is duly qualified, shall from paying not be liable to pay any part or share of torch rate or afieffinent, (STrate^or ^or ra'^ing *um ^Ve PountJs nian, herein above di-beingcharged reeled to be raised ; nor shall such person, or any of his lands, thereto. tenements, and hereditaments, wheresoever situated, beaflefled or charged thereto; and the deficiency thereby occasioned, in raising me whole amount of such sum or Turns of five pounds per man on such county, riding, or place, as is hereby dire<$ted and required toberaised, shall, in such case, be allowed to such Allowance to county, riding, or place, by deducing the amount of the sums be made ac- which btherwife would have been charged and affefFed on such cordingly in person or persons having served, or serving or offering to serve, the rates for as af0refaid, or on his or their lands, tenements, or hereditalic perons. ment$> from the gross amount of the sum or Turns of five pounds per man herein before directed to be raised on such county, riding, or place, which shall not have raised the militia, or which shall not continue to raise the militia, pursuant to the aefts in this case made and provided.

Rut persons XXII. Provided always, and be it enabled. That every per-claiming such Ton who shall claim to hive the benefit of such exemption from exemption, such rate and assessment, as aforesaid, shall file a certificate, as TCrcertificates ^ere'm a^ter is mentioned, of such service, or of his having of-Vith the derk f^red to serve, as the case may be, with the clerk of the peace of the peace, for the county or place wherein such person shall claim to have and deliver in such exemption ; and shall also deliver in to such clerk of the

tenants^and^ Peace> ^rom Kltne to ^me as may necessary, a roll or lift,

farmers, signed by such person claiming such exemption, of his tenants which is to be and farmers, and the places of their abode; which certificate, fi5ed > and roll or lift, every such clerk of the peace shall, and he is

?i"dthe races' hereky required forthwith to file amongst the records of session ;

. the namesof and whenever any rate or afleffinent is or shall be ordered to be the said per- raised, levied, or collected, within any county or place for the fom are to be purposes of raising the sum of five pounds per man, as by this tre^afurerand6 a<^ ls dfieAfcd, such clerk of the peace shall, and is hereby re-hfigh confta- quired to certify to the treasurer or treasurers, and high con-file, (tables, of every such county or place, the names of all such

persons who shall have so filed such certificates, and claimed such exemption, and the names of their tenants and farmers so who are to inferred in such roll or lift ; and such treasurer or treasurers, transmitthe , and high tonftables, is and are hereby required to transmit such rol? to the pet- certificate, and roll or lift, to the petty constable of each town-tyconstable, ship or place wherein the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of such person claiming to be exempted, are situate and lay ; that they may jn order that such person or persons as are intitled thereto, and be cx,emPled his and their lands, tenements, and hereditaments, shall not be accoi mg\y. a^pe(pe(j or charged to such rate or assessment.

Certificates of XXIII. And be it enabled, That every lieutenant of any delivered to county or place ^la^ and IS *iere^y required to give, without officers* in or- delay, unto dvery person who shall have served as an officer in

the

by CjOC .

1768.5 Anno none Georgii III. C. 42.' * 261

the militia for the term of four years, or who shall be actually der to their fervingas an officer in any corps 6f tnilitia, and who shall re- exemption, quest the fame, a certificate thereof, as the case may be, and as many certificates as such person may desire, in order to exempt him and his lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as aforesaid; and every such lieutenant, or every justice of the and aKo to peace, chief magistrate, and other person or persons, to whom those quali-any person or persons so qualified, as aforesaid, shall offer, as fwdand offer-aforesaid, to serve as an officer in the militia, shall, and he and lng to serve* they are hereby required to give, without delay, in like manner, a certificate thereof, or as many certificates thereof as shall be requisite for the purposes aforesaid. '

XXI V. Provided also, That the rates or assessments which The rates to shall be made in pursuance of this act, shall be made, assessed, be ^fjd fepa^ levied, collected, received, and paid, separately and diftlndly county1 from all the other rates assessed and raised upon and within the rates# y said county j any thing in the said act made in the twelfth year of his late Majesty's reign, or any other act or aefts of parliament, or any custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, How the pa-That the several and respective parochial dfficers, or other perr rochial rates fons, who shall pay, or be liable to pay, the rates or assessments ™^afi °n are* which shall be made and rated for the purposes of this act, up- to be isvied, on any parish, town, and place, and also all such parochial of- &c.

ficers and persons, upon whom any such rate or assessment shall be levied, shall and may, from time to time, after notice shall be given of the amount of the rate or assessment upon such town, parish, or place, either before the payment thereof by such parochial officers or persons, or after the fame shall have been actually paid by, or levied upon, such officers or persons, rate and levy such monies by a separate and distinct rate and assessment upon every such respective town, parish, or place, in such manner and proportion, and with such powers for recovery thereof, as any other county rate may be assessed or levied; Tenants pay-and that every tenant or occupier of any house, fond, tythe, ing thereto, tenement, or hereditament, who shall pay any rate or assessment majrdeduft to be made in pursuance of this adfc by such respective parochial Officers or persons, within any such towrts, parishes, or places*

upon whom any such rate or assessment shall be levied, shall and may deduCfc the fame out of his her relit, and shall be acquitted and discharged for so much money as such rates or assessments shall, from time to time, amount unto, as fully and effectually, as if such money had been actually paid to the person or persons to whom such relit is or shall be payable j and such person or persons is and are hereby required to allow, from time to time, such deductions, upon receipt of the residue of the relit.

XXVI. Provided always, That nothing herein before con- except where tained shall vacate ahy covenant or agreement between land- there is a co-Jord and tenant $ and that no landlord of any estate which shall venant to the ijqt be let at a rack relit, shall be obliged or compellable to al- o^where the

low lands are not

v^

let at rack relit.

The penalty of 51. per man, for not railing the apportion* xnentof the militia direct* ed for any county with those of any city or town

262 Anno nono Georgii III. c. 42; [17

low to any tenant any money which he or she shall pay toward any rate which shall be made in pursuance of this act.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all cases where a certain number of private militia men are directed to be raised for any county together with any city or town being a county of itself, and the militia has not been, or shall not be raised for such county, and city or town ; the payment of the said sum of five pounds man, upon the whole number of private militia men so directed to be raised as aforesaid, shall be divided and apportioned between such county and such city or town being a county of itself, in such proportion as the respec-being a coun- tive quota's paid to the land tax by the said county, and by the ty of itself, said rity and town being a county of itself, bear to each other; according^ un^s *he apportionment of the said number of private militia their respec- men shall actually have been made in pursuance of the lifts di-tive quota's to reeled to be returned by the said former a<5ts, or by this pre-the1 land tax 5 sent act; in which case the said sum of five pounds per man Uic militiaFC b® borne by such county, and by such city or town being

shall have a county of itself, in such proportion as the respective number been raised in of men 10 apportioned to be raised by such county, and by such the one place, city or town, bear to each other.

other T10 tbC 3CXVI1I. And whereas there are , towns, and

3 places, in many counties and which do not contribute to the

payment of the said rate called The County Rate $ byreason whereof doubts may arifey whether such cities, and placcSy can be

'legally rated or ajjejfed towards the payment of the said sum and sums of five pounds per many in pursuance of the directions of this act : and whereas it is, just and reasonable that all such citieSy towns, and places, Should bear an equal /bare and proportion of five pounds per ' man with each county, ridingy or within which such ,

* townsyand places, may happen to lie: be it therefore enacted.

That in all cases where the militia has not been raised, or shall not at any time hereafter be raised, for any county, riding, or division, within which any city, town, or place, shall not be

......... rated to the said rate called The County Rate, the payment of the

placed as are said sum of five pounds per man upon the whole number of not rateable private militia men directed to be raised within every county or place, shall be divided and apportioned between each respective county, riding, or division, and each such respective city, town, and place, within the same, as shall not contribute to the said rate called The County Rate % in such proportion as the respective tween them m quota's paid to the: land tax by each respective county, riding, j e manner, Qr ^iviOon, and by each such respective city, town, and place, and to be bear to each other; and the respective sum and sums so afeer-raised by a fe- tajne(j an(j apportioned, shall be raised by a separate rate and a^tbcfpmjr's afleflfment, to be made within each such respective town and rate; place, in like manner as the rates for the relief of the poor are

made; to be levied and collected within each such tefpedtfve ' .city, town, and place, not rated tq the rate called The County Rate, by such ways and means, and with such powers and r$-gylatiom for levying, collecting, and keeping the fame distinct,

a $

ind fb with respect to counties, and such cities, towns, and

to the county rate,

the penalty is to be apportioned be-

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. C. 42. 2

as are prescribed in this a for such respective cotmty or place; and the churchwardens and ovcrfeers of the poor ot each such and to be paid respective city, town, and place, shall, from time to time, pay over to the over the fame to the treasurer or treasurers of every county or krea*

place within which any such city, town, and place, as afore- nrer* laid, lies; in order that the said treasurer or treasurers may pay am] 5- him to over the fame to the receiver general of the said county or place, the receiver together with the proportion of the said sum of five pounds general, man directed to be raised, levied, and paid, within each county or place by? this act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in such cities, The like ditowns, and places, as are counties of themselves, and yet have

no such rate or assessment as is called County nor any J^Vcitiesl powers or directions for railing, levying, or collecting, the pro- towns, and portion of the said sum of five pounds per man, to be jaised by places, as are the county to which the said cities, towns, or places, are unit- counties m ed for the purposes aforesaid ; the directions herein before given tnThave no for railing, levying, and collecting, the proportion, and the said county rate, sum of five pounds per man, within such cities, towns, and places, as do not contribute to the county rate, shall be pur-sued and followed in all such cities, towns, or places, as are counties of themselves.

XXX. And whereas in some parts of the kingdom there are towns which lie in two counties; and doubts may whether such towns are obliged to pay to both counties the sum of five pounds in lieu of every private militia man which shall not be raised by such counties 5

be it therefore enacted, That where any town lies in two coun- In towns ly-ties, it shall be lawful for the said town to contribute their , *nS ,n.two for and in lieu of railing the militia, for that county only where to contnbme the church of the said town is lituate; and the deficiencies of their quota the rate, which the said town would have paid, shall be made for that coun-up by the county in general, and not by the division or hun- *Y only where dred where the said town is situated. stan'ds "

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any sum or sums where any

of money which ought to be paid by any such city, town, or city, town; place, not rated to the County Rate as aforesaid, shall not be paid or place, not to the treasurer of the respective county or place before the first contributors day of June in every year, according to the true intent and ^alTnot meaning of this act; the justices of the peace for such county or pay their place in which such city, town, or place, doth lie, shall, and quota by 1 they are hereby required at their next Midsummer quarter fef- June m any lions, to issue out an order to the overseers of the poor of each y^ar; respective parish or place within such city, town, and place, not ^eirMidfam-rated to the county rate as aforesaid, requiring such overseers to raer fcflions, * certify and return to the said justices at the next 'Michaelmas are to issue an quarter sessions, the several quota's that each parish or place order for cer-(within such city, town, or place, not paying to the county j^haefmas rates, as aforesaid) pays to the land tax for that year; and such session the re-overseers of the poor are hereby required to make such certifi- spective quo-cate and return accordingly; and upon such certificate-and re- ta's of each turn being made, the said justices, so assembled at their - jjg*

.by

Anno nono Georgii III. c. 42,

[1768.

ing the fame on the

churchwardens or overseers.

rate.

Where the

militia shall

264

their war- Mas quarter sessions, are hereby authorized and required (by rants there* their warrant, directed to any constable or tythingman within 5n??he famJ" such respective parishes and places) to cause the fame to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chatties of any churchwarden or churchwardens, or any overseer or overseers of the poor of each and every parish or place within such city, town or place, not paying to the county rate as aforesaid, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owners of such goods and chatties, after such sum or sums of money, together with the reasonable charges attending such distress and sale, shall be fully paid and who are to be satisfied; and such churchwardens and overseers of the poor reimbursed as (hah be reimbursed the sum and sums of money so levied on by a poors them refpC<ftjvely, by the fame ways and means as overseers of the poor are reimbursed the money by them expended for the rejief of the poor by any law now in being.

XXXII. Provided nevertheless, That if the militia shall be raised in the manner appointed by virtue of this act, in all or

be duly raided, any of the said counties and places, such respective counties dischar^di 8 places shall, during the time the militia are so raised, be from paying, exonerated, freed, and discharged from the payment of the said sums ; and the assessments to be made in respect thereof shall, during such time, be suspended; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And it is hereby enabled. That in every county and place, wherein the sum of five pounds man shall have been assessed and raised in manner as is herein before directed,

mnn™ff*d£he t^l€ justices of the peace of every such county and place shall, without delay, cause such sum and sums of money to be paid to the receiver general of the land tax for such county and place, in manner as herein after is directed and required; which said sum or sums of five pounds per man, when paid as herein after is directed and required, shall be, and is hereby declared to be, in full discharge for the neglect and failure, for not having raised and trained the militia for such county or place for the year then next preceding.

XXXIV. And it is hereby enacted. That the treasurer or treasurers for each such respective county or place, who shall receive the said sum of five pounds per man, shall, and is and are hereby required to pay the fame to the receiver general of the land tax for such county or place, within one calendar month after he or they shall receive the fame; and the respective receivers general of the land tax of each such county or place, to whom such money shall be paid, shall give a receipt for the

for the fame, fame to the person paying such money, whose Receipt shall be and certify a sufficient discharge for such payment; and shall, within ten such payments days after the receipt of such sum and sums of money, certify tothetrea- such receipt to the lord high treasurer, or the lords commis-(iooers of his Majesty's treasury for the time being; and shall forthwith pay the fame into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster^and distinguish, upon every such payment,

the monies received by virtue of this act \ and the monies so

paid

Where the penalty has been assessed

money is to be paid over forthwith to the receiver general.

Treasurers to pay over the monies received within a month to the receivers general,

who are to have receipts

furyj

t^

1768.J Anna none Georgii III. 0.42: 2

paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer shall be kept fc- and pay the parate and apart from all other monies, to be accounted for roon,es into yearly, and every year, to parliament* and to be applied and quer. 6' disposed of as parliament shall direct.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the No fee to be authority aforesaid, That no fee or gratuity whatsoever shall be paid thereup-given or paid, for or upon account of any warrant which shall °" at the ex' be made out for any sum of money which shall be paid into his c equer Majesty's exchequer, or issued in relation to or in pursuance of

this aCh

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That the commiflipners of his Receivers ge-

Majesty's treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, are neral to be ah hereby authorized to allow to the said receiver general for such lowediad.in county and place respectively, in Englan, Wales, and Berwick up0n°clearing upon Tweed, upon the clearing of his accounts, a salary for his their ac- S pains and trouble, in receiving and paying in the monies re- counts;

quired to be received and paid by this aCi, not exceeding two

pence in the pound for so much money as he shall pay into the exchequer in pursuance of this act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the treasurer Treasurers id treasurers of every county or place, as a recompence and reward for his and their pains and trouble in collecting and re-

, ceiving the sums charged upon each parish or place in each respective county and place by virtue of this aCI, and for giving receipts to the person or persons of whorp they receive the fame, and for paying the fame to his Majesty's receiver general, as herein before is directed, upon collection of the whole sum appointed to be collected by them, and payment thereof, as aforesaid, shall be allowed the sum of one penny in the pound; which sum every such treasurer and treasurers is and are hereby impowered to detain, out of the monies received by him, before payment thereof to the receiver general as aforesaid : and High confta-that every high constable, as a recom pence for his frpuble and bles 1 d. pains in fending out warrants and doing his'duty therein, shall be allowed and paid, by such treasurer or treasurers, the sum of one penny in the pound; and that every petty constable, and petty churchwarden, overseer of the poor, or other person employed conftab,cs* in collecting the said sum or sums hereby directed to be raised, enSTand'" on payment to the treasurer or treasurers of each county or place over/eers, 1 d. of the whole sum directed by them to be raised within each likewise. of their respective (jivisions or places, shall.be allowed and paid by such treasurer or treasurers the like sum of one penny in the pound, as a reward for their diligence, pains, and trouble.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case thetrea- Treasurers to surer or treasurers of any county, riding, or division, shall, at be reimbursed any time, be in advance in the payment of any sum or sums of monies paid money to the receiver general of such county, riding, or divi-in advance by fiotn the justices of the peace for fuel, county, riding, or di-^^ vision, at their next general quarter sessions to be holden after at the next ny such payment, shall, and they are hereby required to aflefe, quarter fef-and cause to be levied, a sufficient sum of money to teimburse as for

such count> rat«f

2 66 Anno nono Georgii III c.42. [1768.

such treasurer or treasurers all such Turn or sum* of money as he or they shall have so paid; to be assessed, collected, and'levied, in the same manner as other county rates directed to be aflefied, collected, and levied.

XXXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the justices of the peace for such county, riding, or division, at their said general quarter sessions, shall, and are hereby impowered to aiTefs and levy, in manner as is herein before di-and so, with reded, on every city, town, and place, which is not contribu-respect to d- tory to, or doth not pay to, the county rates of such county, towns&c. riding, or division respectively, such proportion of the money not contribu- so paid by such treasurer or treasurers, as is herein before di-tory to county reded ana required to be raised and paid by such city, town, rates. and place.

Clerks of the XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

peace to trans- That such clerks of the peace of each respective county or place mit yearly to foall, and they are hereby required, within fourteen days next anV^eceirers a^tcr general quarter sessions of the peace to be held after general, the twenty fifth day of December yearly, to transinit to the lord high treasurer or to the commisioners of his Majesty's treasury signed copies for the time being,, and also to the receiver genera] of the land or the certifi- tax for such county or place* a copy, signed by such clerk of wtes deliver- the peace, of every certificate which shall have been delivered J ance of this *n P^rfuance of this act; and in case no such certificate shall act have been delivered in, then such clerks of the peace shall cer-

and to certify tify to the ldrd high treasurer or to the commisioners of his where none Majesty's treasury, and also to such receiver general, that no have been de- such certificate from his Majesty's lieutenant, or any three de-ivered, pUty lieutenants, hath been received by him, and that he hath certified the fame to the justices of such general quarter sessions, and thereon required such justices to proceed according to the and what pro- directions of this act ; and shall also certify what proceedings ccedings have have been had at such general quarter sessions, in relation to the thereupon at a^e®nS an<* ra^ng the said sum of five pounds per man where the quarter the militia shall not have been raised ; and in case the justices sessions, re- of the peace, at such general quarter sessions, shall omit, neg-or re^u^e> Proceed^g according to the directions of this the penalty0* a<^ to t*'e ^a*^ ^um °* ^ve Pounds per man in every coun-for not railing ty, riding, or place, where the militia shall not have been raised the militia, in the year preceding, then such clerks of the peace of every such relpedive county or place shall, and they are hereby re* quired, within fourteen days next after such general quarter sessions of the peace, to certify to the solicitor of the treasury the omission, neglect, or refusal (as the case may be) of such ju-dices to obey the orders and directions of this act, and the names of the justices of the peace who shall be present at such Solicitor of sessions; and the solicitor of the treasury aforesaid is hereby di-the treasury re&e(i and required, on receipt of such certificate, forthwith to where justices Procce^ by such legal ways and means as may be requisite, most neglect their effectual, and expeditious, to compel the justices of the peace duty therein, of such county or place, so omitting, neglecting, or refuting to

proceed

v^.

1768.] Annonono Georgii III. c.42.' 267

proceed by such legal ways and means as may be requilite, most effectual, and expeditious, to compel the justices of the peace of such county or place, so omitting, neglecting, or refilling to proceed according to the directions of this act, to raise the said sum of five pounds per man in such county of place making default

in railing the militia as aforesaid, and to enforce the payment thereof, and due obdience to this act.

XLI. Andy for the better executing this act, be it further enaCt- Where the ed. That if the said sum of five pounds per man, to be paid as penalty shall aforesaid in such counties and places where the militia shall not be raised, shall not be levied, collected, and paid, into his exchequer j * Majesty's exchequer, in manner as herein before directed 5 or pr person if any person or persons shall refuse, neglect, or omit, to pay shall refuse his or their proportion thereof, or to perform his or their duty payment of therein, for railing and payment of the fame; then, and in every his Huota» such case, every treasurer, high constable, and petty constable, or other person, to whom any such default of payment, refusal, neglect, or omission, shall be made, shall, and he is hereby required, within fourteen days after such default of payment, re- the fame is to fufal, negleCf, or omission, to him or them made, to certify be certified to the fame in writing, ligned by him or them respectively, with jj|* the reason or cause thereof, unto the clerk of the peace of every c *** * such county or place wherein the fame shall happen ; and then, anj by him to and in every such case, every such clerk of the peace shall, and the solicitor he is hereby required, within fourteen days after, to certify the ®fthc tw-fame to the solicitor of the treasury; and, in failure thereof, fury» every such clerk of the peace shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds, to any person on penalty of who shall sue for the fame in any of his Majesty's courts of re-} cord at Westminflery or the courts of great session in the principality of Ivalesy or the courts of the counties palatine ,

Lancajlery and Durham^ wherein no elToin, protection, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, shall be allowed ; and shall and forfeiting * also forfeit Jiis office, and shall be rendered incapable of having, his office, receiving, or holding, any office of trull, civil or military, un- and being m* der the government; and the solicitor of the treasury, on the soj^toi^of* receipt of such certificate, is hereby directed and required forth- treasury with to proceed, by all such legal ways and means as may be to compel7 requisite and most effectual, to compel the payment of such sum payments, and fume of money, and also to compel such persons as shall so refuse, neglect, or omit, to perform his or their duty, as a -foresaid, to act in obedience to, and in pursuance of, the direction of this act, and to carry the fame into full and compleat execution.

XLII.-And be it enacted, That if any clerk of the peace clerk of the shall refuse or neglect to receive, deliver, hie, make record, or peace neglefl:-transmit such certificates, as aforesaid, or any of them, accord- y»g b« ^Y ing to the true intent and meaning of this act, every such clerk fo"eits50<M* of the peace, so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds, to any person who shall inform or sue for the fame in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or the courts of great session in the

Vol. XXVIII. T pri-

268 Anno nono Georgii III, c. 42. 1768.

principality of Wales y or the courts of the counties palatine of Chester, Lancafiery and Durha, wherein no effoin, protedtfon,

wager of law, nor more than one imparlance shall: be allowed ; and his office, and shall also forfeit his office, and shall be rendered incapable and is incapa- of having, receiving, or holding, any office of trust, civil or mi-, citated. litary, under the government.

Receiver ge> XLIII. And it is enabled. That if any receiver general, or neral neglect- treasurer, shall wilfully omit, neglecft, or refuse to do any such ing his duty. or a<5ts as are required to be done by him or them for the better or more effectual carrying this act into execution * every forfeits tool, such receiver general or treasurer, so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds, to any person who shall inform or sue for the fame in any of. his Majesty's courts of record at , or the courts of

great sessions in the principality of , or the courts of the counties palatine of Chester, Lancajhr, and , wherein no effoin, protection, wager of Jaw, nor more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

Chief confta- XLIV. And be it enacted, That if any chief constable shall blc neglecting wilfully omit, neglect, or refuse, to do any such act or a<5ts as fcits^o^l ^ are recluire^ to he done by him for the better and more effectual s s° * carrying this act into execution, every such chief constable so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay, to any person who will inform or sue for the fame, the sum of fifty pounds5 and every petty constable and other person who shall and petty in like manner offend, shall, for every such offence, in like constable zqI. manner forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds; to be recovered and levied in manner herein after mentioned and directed.

XLV. And be it enacted, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this act imposed, the manner of recovery whereof

Recovery of fines, penal-

ties, and for- js not in this a<Sfc particularly provided for, shall, on proof upon not^Uierwffe6 oat^ °ffence before any justice of the peace of the county or directed. place where the offence shall be committed, be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chatties, by warrant under the hand andfeal of such justice, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand, after deducting the charges of such . distress and sale, to the offender upon whom such distress shall have been made; and where the goods and chatties of such offender shall not be sufficient to answer such distress, such justice is hereby required to commit such offender to the common gaol of the county or place where the offence shall have been committed, for any time not exceeding three months.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the solicitor to the lord high treasurer, or to the commisioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, shall, and he is hereby directed and

Solicitor of the treasury to prosecute, With dili-

^enc ' ftice retlu*rec^ whh all due diligence, to prosecute with effect all such gence.ju ices, *lu/i:ces nf »ue near#*. receivers oeneraL treasurers^ and other

receivers general, treasurers, and others, neg-letfing their

justices of the peace, receivers general, treasurers, and other persons, who shall omit, neglect, or refuse, to perform their duty as aforesaid, to carry this act into execution; and to raif& the said sum of five pounds per man in every such coqnty or place where the niilitia shall, not have been raised, or shall not continue to bp raised, according to the true iqtent and meaning ' ................ *............: *9?

v^»

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c.42. 269

of this a &; and cause the fame to be paid into his Majesty's court of exchequer, as herein before directed and required : and if the solicitor to the lord high treasurer, or to the commisioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, shall wilfully omit, neglect, or refuse, to proceed against such justices of the peace, receivers general, treasurers, or other persons, or shall wilfully delay to proceed, or shall not prosecute with all due diligence and expedition ; then such solicitor of the treasury on penalty of so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the 5001, for any sum of five hundred pounds, to any persons who shall inform ^“1 or sue for the fame in any of his Majesty's courts of record at,e^* Westminster, or the courts of great sessions in the principality of Walety or the courts of the counties palatine of , -

tofter^ and Durham, wherein no effoin, protection, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; ana shall and forfeiture also forfeit his office, and shall be rendered incapable of having, of his office, receiving, or holding, such office for the future, or any other and in* place or office of trust, civil or military, under the government. capa a c

XLVII. And be it enabled. That in all counties, ridings, and where the places, where the militia has not been raised, his Majesty's militia has lieutenant for every such county and place, together with any not been raif-two or more deputy lieutenants 5 and on the removal, or, in ed> a.n ai?aual the absence of his Majesty's lieutenant, any three or more de- b^heid^of*to puty lieutenants, shall meet at some city or principal town of lieuts. and d. the county or place for which they shall be commissioned, on lieuts. on the the second Tuesday in March in every year ; and if there Should jjj Tuefdayin happen to be no such meeting on that day, then his Majesty's Marc * said lieutenant, or, on his death or removal, or in his absence, a"u|t°"f any three or more deputy lieutenants, shall and may, from time meeting, a to time, as may be necessary and requisite for carrying this ail general meet-into execution, or any of the purposes hereof, summon, or cause ing is to be to be summoned, a general meeting, to be holden at the fame fun>n»oned for city or principal town on a day to be fixed by such summons; of aft mto^exc- which day and place notice shall be given in some weekly paper cution, usually circulated (if any such there be) within the same county or place, seven days, atleaft, before the holding of such meeting.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it any person a<5hi- persons serv-ally serving in any of his Majesty's regular forces, shall offer ing in the re-himself to serve and be inrolled as a substitute in any regiment gular forces, or battalion of militia; or if any person adfually inrolled and offering to serving in any regiment or battalion of militia, shall offer him- i^oMed as self to serve and be inrolled as a substitute in any other regi- fabftitutes in ment or battalion of militia; then every such person so offend- the militia j mg shall, for every such offence, or proof thereof upon oath ?nd.P^fon5 before any justice of the peace of the county or place where the Jiving in the offencedhall be committed, forfeit and pay, to any person who militia! offer, will inform or sue for the fame, the sum of ten pounds ; to be ing/to serve levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chatties, or be inrolled by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, rendering a® the overplus (if any) on demand, after deducing the charges corpS> of such distress and fa)c, to the offender upon whom such distress forfeit 101,

T % fall

v^.

2 jO Anno nono Georgii III. c. 42; [1768.

shall have been made 5 and where the goods and chatties of such and for want offender shall not be sufficient to answer such distress, such ju-of distress ftice is hereby required to commit such offender to the common

Sited* C°m" £a°l lhe county or place where the offence shall have been committed, for any time not exceeding three months.

This act not XLIX. And be it enacted, That nothing in this act contain* toannul any shall \n any w*,fe cxtend to annul, or make void, any thing pursuance of*1 alrca<ty done in pursuance of the former acts relating to the the former militia forces, or any of them ; or to prevent the compleating acts, See. any proceedings already commenced in pursuance of the said acts.

Limitation of L. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any suit or actions. suits, action or actions, shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, the action or actions, suit or suits, shall be commenced within six calendar months after the fast committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid in the county where such action rr actions, suit or suits, did arise, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such suit or suits, action or actions, General issue. to be brought, may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence: and if the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants in such suit or suits, action or actions ; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their suit or suits, action or actions, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plain-Treble costs. tiffs; the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases to recover costs by law.

LI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the part of the return which gives an account of the number of officers present during the time of exercise shall be in the form following; (to wit,)

Form of the return of officers present at the time of exercise*

Colonel -----  -----

Lieutenant -

Major -----  ----- --

First Captain —-Second Captain —

Third Captain----

Fourth Captain— Fifth Captain —

Sixth Captain ---

Seventh Captain -Eighth Captain— Ninth Captain — Tenth Captain -— Captain Lieutenant First Lieutenant -Second Lieu-

Third Lieutenant -

N° of Days.

Fourth

1

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 54—61.

CAP. LIV.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act made in the twenty fifth year of his late Male fly, for repairing and widening the roads from the east end of Monk Bridge, near the of the

city of York, to New Malton, and from thence to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the county of York; and from Spittle House, in the East Riding of the county, Scar-

borough oforesaid.

CAP. LV.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the end of the turnpike road in Shawbury, in the county of Salop, to Drayton in Hales, in the said county; arid from thence to Newcastle under Line, in the county of Stafford; 'and from Shawbury afore said, to the turnpike road in High Ercall, in the said county of Salop; and from Shawbury aforesaid to Wem, in the said county; and from thence to the turnpike road in Sandford, in the said .

CAP. LVI.

An act for repairing and widening several roads in the counties of Montgomery, Merioneth, and Salop.

CAP. LVII.

An act for continuing two acts made in the sixth year of King George the First, and in the seventh year of his late for

laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny Sterling, upon every pint of ale or beer that shall be vended or sold within the town of Montrose and privileges thereof the said town with fresh water, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. LVIII.

An act for repairing the road from the town of Cirencester, in the county of Gloucester, to the tenth mile from Cirencester at or near the east end of the town of Tetbury, and from the west end of the churchyard in the said town ^Tetbury to a gate in the said county near The Monument upon Landfdown.

CAP. LIX.

An act to impower the right honourable Sir Henry Cavendish baronet, to Shut up certain roads and a foot path in the parish o-veridge, in the county of Derby ; and to oblige him to make and keep in repair for the future a new road and foot path in lieu thereof

CAP. LX.

^ An act to enable Edward Byrom esquire to complete a building tended for a new church in the town of Manchester, and for making the same a perpetual cure and benefice $ and for other .

CAP. LXI.

An act for raising money to discharge detts contrafted for rebuilding the parish church and tower of Saint Nicholas, in the city of Bristol; and to rebuild the spire, and compleat the said church \ and for other purposes.

CAP.

Anno nono Georgii III. 0,62—72. [1768.

CAP. LXII.

An act to rebuild the /hire-hall of the county ^/'Nottingham; and

for using the guild-ball of the town and county of the town of Nottingham j for the purposes of a /hire-hall in the mean .

CAP. LXIII.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of two acts in the tenth year of King George the First, and the year of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from the north part of Harlow Bufti Common, in the parish of Harlow, to Woodford, in the

county of Essex.

CAP. LXIV.

An act to continue and render more several acts passed in the

sixth and twelfth years of King George the , the twenty eighth year of his late Majestyffor repairing the roads from Stevenage, in the county of Hertford, to Bigglefwade, in the county of Bedford, and other roads therein j for repairing

and widening the road from Radwell Corner to the turnpike road at Arlefey, in the county of Bedford.

CAP. LXV.

An act to repair and widen the road from the Broken Cross, Macclesfield, in the county ofChefter, the Long Moss and

Monks Heath, to the turnpike road in Nether Tabley, the

said county 5 and for turning and exchanging part of the .

CAP. LXVI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the city of Norwich, to Scole Bridge, in the county a/* Norfolk.

CAP. LXVn.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Scole Bridge, to the place where the east gate lately flood in the town of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the county of Suffolk.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for amending the road from Bishopsgate Bridge, in the city of Norwich, to a stone formerly called the Two Mile Stone, where the Norwich road joins the Caifter two miles

and a half Short of the town of Great Yarmouth.

CAP. LXIX.

An act for repairing and widening several roads leading to and through the borough of Bodmin, in the county of Cornwall.

CAP. LXX.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canals from the Coventry canal navigation to the city of Oxford.

CAP. LXXI.

An act for extending the navigation of the river Calder to Salter Hebble Bridge, and to Sowerby Bridge, in the county York,

and for repealing an act for that purpoje.

CAP. LXXII.

An act for the better establishment of the foundation of John Michel

tftuift.

v^

275

1768-] Anno nono Georgii III. C.73—So.'

esquire, in the Queen's College in the university Oxford, for other the purposes therein men.

CAP. LXXIII.

An act to enlarge the ternt and powers of an passed bt the thirty

first year of his late Majestyffor amending the road from Pengate

to Latchetts Bridge, and other roads in the county of Wilts 5 and for amending Jeveralroads near adjoining to .

CAP. LXXIV.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act of the twenty third year of his late Majesty, for repairing the roads from Dunglas Bridge, to the town of Haddingtoun, and from thence to Ravenlhaughburn, in the county of Haddingtounf CAP. LXXV.

An act for continuing and rendering more an act for -

ing the road from Bowes in the county of York, to Brough under Stainmore in the county 0/Westmorland 5 and for repairing and widening the road from Maiden Castle to Kaber Cross, and also the road from Maiden Castle to the coal works at Taylor Rig, and to Tan Hill and King's Pitts; and also the road from Barrow's Brow to Middle Fell Dyke Nook, in the said ties; and also from Tan Hill and King's Pitts to Beck Crooks, and Punchatt Pasture West Gate to Whaw Lane Head, and by Lilly Jocks to Reeth.

CAP. LXXVL

An act to repeal so much of an act passed in the fecend year of his present Majesty^for repairing and widening the roads from the White Post on Hafelden's Wood, in the parish of Cranbrooke, to Appledore Heath, and other roads in the county of Kent, as relates to the road from Golford Green to Tanner's Vent; for enlarging the term and powers of the said , with respect to the

ether roads therein contained; and for amending the road from the turnpike road in the parish of Tenderden, through Rolvenden, to the turnpike road in the parish of Newenden, the said county. 1

CAP. LXXVII.

An act for repairing and widening the road leading from Tal y Cafn Ferry in the county of Caernarvon, and through the towns ^/* Con way, Bangor, and Caernarvon, to the town a/Pwllhely in the fame county.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Maidstone through Debtling to Key Street, in the parishes of Borden and Bobbing in the county of Kent.

CAP. LXXIX.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Beverley to the jerry at Hesfle, and from the Mai ton guide post to the gravel pit at Cottingham, in the county York.

CAP. LXXX.

An act for repairing qpd widening the road from Cheadle to Botham

House

Anno nono Georgii III. c. 81—90. [1768.

House, and from thence to Butterton Moor End, in the county of Stafford.

CAP. LXXXI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Darly Moor

county of Derby, to Ellafton in the county of Stafford ; and from

thence to the turnpike road between Leek and A (h borne, in the said counties of Derby and Stafford.

CAP. LXXXII. ;

An act for the more effectual relief of the poor in the county on.

CAP. LXXXIH.

An act for laying open and widening certain ways and passages -

in the town of Birmingham; and for cleansing and lighting the streets, lanes, ways, and passages there; and for removing and

preventing nuisances and objlruftions

CAP. LXXXIV.

An act for building a bridge at Worcester, over the river Severn, and opening convenient avenues to the said bridge.

CAP. LXXXV.

An act for building a chapel at Plymouth Dock, the parish of Stoke Damerell in the Devon.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act for repairing the roads leading from the turnpike road in Tring, in the county ^Hertford, through Dunftablej Hitchin,

Baldock, and Royfton, to the turnpike road at or near Bourn Bridge; and from the west end ofWell bury Lane to the turnpike road at the south end of Barton, in the counties of Hertford, Bucks, Bedford, and Cambridge.

CAP. LXXXVII,

An act to continue and render more effectual an act passed in the thirtieth year of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from Hitchin, in the county of Hertford, through Shefford, to the turnpike road from Saint Albans to Bedford, and other roads therein mentioned; and for repairing and widening the road from Shefford way post, to the turnpike road at Henlow in the county of Bedford.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An act for repairing the road from Stoney Stratford in the county of Bucks, through the towns ^Buckingham Bicester, to the town ^Woodstock in the county of Oxford.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An act for making a road from the south end of Blackfriars to the present turnpike road cross Saint George's and from

thence to some place at or near the house called The Dog and Duck, and to Newington Butts, in the county of Surry ; and for empowering the trufiees for carrying into execution an act passed in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his late Majesty, to , light, and watch the said roads, when made* ■

CAP. XC.

An act for enlarging thp tern and powers of two acts passed in the

third

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 91—95.

third and twenty second years of his late Majesty, for repairing the several roads leading into the city of Hereford, and for amending the roads to Lancloudy Hill and Langua Bridge,

CAP. XCI.

An act to explain, amend, and render more an aftpafjed

in the twenty seventh year of King George the repair-

ing and widening the road from Leicester to Narborough, and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick, and other for other purpofts in

the said act mentioned, so far as the fame relates to the road from

the borough of Leicester to the town of Narborough, and from Leicester Hinckley in the county Leicester.

CAP. XCII.

An act to amend an act of the fifth year of his present

reign, for repairing and widening the road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, and from Wat's Cross to Cowden, the county of Kent, so far as the fame relates to the repair of the road from Wat's Cross to Cowden 5 and for repairing the roads leading from Sevenoakes Common to Crockhurst Hatch Comer, and from Penfhurst town to Southborough the said .

CAP. XCIII.

An act to continue and render more two acts for amending

several roads leading from the city of Exeter, and for repairing and widening several other roads therein mentioned; and for rebuilding or repairing Exe Bridge, and making the avenues leading thereto more commodious; and for building a bridge over the river Exe, at or near Countess Wear in the county of Devon.

CAP. XCIV.

An act for repealing so much of two several acts of parliament made and passed in the seventeenth and twenty eighth years of the reign of his late majesty King George as relate to the road

from the end of the county of Stafford the poji road towards the city of Chester, through Woor in the county of Salop, to Nant-wien in the county of Chester, and from Nantwich to T arpor-ley, and from thence through Tarvin the said county of Chester

to the said city of Chester, and for more effectually ,

widening, and supporting the fame road \ and also for repairing and widening the road from North witch, in the said county of Chester, to the cross in Tarvin afore said,

CAP. XCV.

An act to empower the trufiees of the will of the late general Pulte-ney, and other trufiees appointed by this act, to purchase and exchange lands and grounds in the manor of Bathwick in the county of Somerset, for the purpose of making certain roads and ways to and from a free bridge by them intended to be built over the river Avon in the said county $ and also to empower the persons in possession of the said eft ate fop the time , under the said , to

' ‘ ' grant

Anno nono Georgii III. c. 95. [1768.

grant leases of certain lands and houses in manor 5 like-

wife to enable the said trustees to grant certain grounds and

of water within the said manor of Bathwick, to the , aldermen^ and citizens of Bath; and for extending the of the said mayor, aldermen^ and , part of the said

manor of Bath wick; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

v^

THE

Statutes at fcajcge.

Anno decimo Georgii III. Regis.

Being the THIRD Session of the Thirteenth Parliament of Great Britain,

BY

DANBY PICKERING, of Grab's Inn, Esq;

Vol. XXVIII. u

S T A T U T E S at Large,

Anno regni GEORGII III, Regis, * nee Britannia, prancice, &*

decimo.

AT the parliament begun and holden at West> minster, the tenth day of May, Anno « 1768, in the eighth year of the reign of our sovereign lord GEORGE th by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continue ed by federal prorogations to the ninth day of January, 17705 being the third of the thirteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act for continuing an act made in the last session of parliament^ to prohibit, for a further the exportation of

corny grainy mealy malty floury bready and ftarchy

and also the extraction of low wines and fptrits from 1 vpheatand wheat flour.

WHEREAS an act was made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act to , for a further r/, the

exportation of corny grain, mealy malty floury bready bifeuity and ftarchy

and also the extraction of low wines and spiritSy from wheat and wheat floury wbjch is thereby enacted to continue until the twentieth day after the commencement of the next session of parliament; and whereas it is expedient that the fame Should be continued for a further time; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the said a shall remain, and be in full force and effect, and is hereby continued, until the twentieth day after the commencement of the pe?ct session of parliament.

Preamble,

A&9 GeIII.

further continued till the aoth day after the commencement of next feiliojv

Vz

CAP.

28z Anno decimo Georgii III. c.2,3. [1769,

Continuation II. Provided nevertheless, That the said continuation may be may be abridged or (horten'ed, and this act, or any part thereof, may be abridged by altered and varied by any other act or adis to be made in this parliament, prefeBt feffwn of parliament.'

CAP. II.

An act to continue for a further time an act made in the eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, , An act to con-

tinue and amend an act made in the fifth year of thq reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for Importation of salted beef porkyb aeon y and , Ire-

land, for a limited time; and for allowing the importation of salted beef porky bacon9 and , from the British dominions in America, for a limited ,

preamble. THEREAS ar> act was made in the fifth year of his pre-

W sent Majesty's feign, intituled, An act for importation of salted beef porky bacon y and buttery from Ireland, a limited time:

And whereas an act was made in the eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, to continue and amend the said first-mentioned adt$ and for allowing the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from the dominions in for a

limited time: And whereas an act was made in the last session of parliament to continue the said last-mentioned act: And whereas it is expedient that the importation of all the said goods and commodities Should be admitted for a longer time than is allowed by the said act, made in iheveighth year of his present Majesty's reign: May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the said act % Geo. HI. made in the eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, ihtituled, U 5 Geo. III. An act to continue and amend an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intit'ule'dAn act for importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Irelandy for a limited time; and for allowing the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon,

_ and butter, from the Briti/b dominions in Americay for a limited

faither con- **me* cont*nue and t>e 1° fall force and effect, until the tinued to " first day of Marchy one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one. i Marchyi77i. II. Provided nevertheless, That the said continuation may b$

Continuation abridged or shortened, and this act, or any pprt thereof, may be inay be altered and varied, by any other act or acts to be tnade in this

parliament? Present fe®on of Parli»me*lt-

CAP. III.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion ; and for the better payment f of the army and their quarters.

CAP.

. ijfy.'] ' Anno deeimo Georgii III. c. 41

CAP. IV.

Mil act for indemnifying all per fans > with respect adviJiHg or carrying into execution his Majesty s orders of council made for preventing the spreading of a contagious distemper amongst the horned cattle, and for rendering the fame valid

and effectuab, and for preventing suits in consequfnce

of ; apd to authorize the continuing,and executing the fame, for a further time.

WHEREAS, upon divers informations that preamble;

an infectious distemper had broke arid continued to

amongst the horned cattle in certain parishes in the county of Southampton, and that several of them had died thereof; and that

the parishes in which the said distemper raged were very and contained many herds of horned cat tie, feme of which were difperf-ed at considerable difeances from others; and that certain

horned cattle had been driven from places where the said infectious distemper had broken out, and fill raged, towards London and other .parts of the kingdom ; his Majesty, taking the fame into confederation,

and judging it to be a matter of the utmofe importance to if .

pojfeble, the spreading of the said distemper, was pleased, by divers orders in council, bearing date, respectively the the fourteenth, .

and the twentysecond days of December to dire ft the lord lieute-

nants andjufeices of the peacefor the several counties therein upon the firfe appearance of the said distemper the horned cat-

tie in each of the said counties respectively, forthzvith to carry into execution the directions and regulations prefer by his said orders in council; whereby it was ordered, ( other things) that

they Should prevent the removing any horned cattle from infefted places ; and that they Should cause such cattle in places where the infection

had Jpread, and also cattle coming from infefted places, to be killed, and

their carcajfes and hides buried,and treated in all respects in the manner

prescribed by an order of his late Majesty bearing date the

twenty second day of March in the year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, firfe rendering to the owner or owners of such cattle,

* what, in their judgement, Should be the full and fair value of them 5 and his Majesty was thereby further pleased to order, that the lords

commisioners of the treasury Should issue such feums, from time to time, as might be necessary to defray all charges and expenses occafeoned by the said several orders, which said orders, for the intents and -pojes afore said, and the carrying the fame into execution, could not be jufeified according to the Jlrift forms of law, and yet were necessary, and so muchfor the service of the public, and their preservation against so great and dangerous a calamity, that they ought to be jufeified by act of parliament > and all persons adviseng, acting under, or in obedience to, the fame,, indemnified: be it therefore enacted by the King's moil excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all personal actions and suits, indictments, informations, *nd all profecu-

U 3 tiens 9

2$4

by re&fbn <jf any act done in pursuance of the recited orders of council, or contract not performed,

aredischarged;

and the defen* dant may plead the general issue.

Double colls.

His Majesty, with the advice of his privy council, rmppwered to continue the said orders in council, and to extend the fame to such counties and places as he shall judge expedient,

General issue.

Anno declmo Georgii III. c. 4; [1769*

tiens and proceedings whstsoever, which have been or shall be prosecuted or commenced against any person or persons for or by reason of any act, matter, or thing, advised, commanded, appointed or done, in relation to the premises, or of any contrail or agreement not performed by means of, or in obedience to, such order or orders of council, be, are, and shall be, dischargedand made void by virtue of this act; and that if any action or. suit 1 shall be prosecuted or commenced against any person or petfon9 for any such act, matter, or thing, so advised, commibded, appointed, or done, or such contract or agreement not performed, he, (he, or- they, may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any aftidn or suit so to be commenced or prosecuted, shall become nonsuit, or forbear further prosecution, or suffer discontinuance, or if a verdict pass, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall recover his, her, or their, double costs, and shall have the like remedy for the fame, as in cases where costs by law are given to defendants.

II. And for the better preventing the spreading of the said infectious

distemper> and putting a flop to the , be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King's most excellent majesty, his heirs, and successors, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, from time to time, to continue all or any of the said orders made for that purpose by his Majesty in council, bearing; date the seventh, and fourteenth, and twenty second days of December last, and to extend the fame to all such counties and places in Great , and

all other his Majesty's dominions thereunto belonging, or any part or parts thereof, as his Majesty in his great wisdom shall judge most expedient and effectual to prevent the spreading such infectious distemper; and all the powers and authorities, rules, orders, and regulations therein contained and inserted, shall be in force, and the fame shall be duly executed and obeyed all his Majesty'* subjects respectively, and are hereby euablimed, and enacted and declared to be as good and valid in the law, tq all intents and purposes, during such time as the fame shall be continued by this act, as if the fame were herein repeated and expressly enacted; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding: and if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pqrfuance of this act, the defendant or defendants, in every such action, may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the fame was done in pursuance and by authority of this act, or of some rule, order, or regulation, made in pursuance of this act as aforesaid ; and if it appear so to have been done, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants: and if* the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared 5 and if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defend-

\769.] Anno dcciitio GEORGII lit. C. £—8.' 28£

ant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have treble costs. the like remedy for the fame, as the defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law.

III. And it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The powers

the said powers, authorities, rules, orders, and regulations, here- hereby * by confirmed and established, shall continue and be in force un- confirmed, to til the first day of November* in the year one thousand seven hurt- continue in dred and seven ty, and from thence to the end of the then next c*™*

session of parliament. %

IV. Provided nevertheless, That the said fcontinuation of the untcfs repeal-said powers, authorities, rules, orders, and regulations, or any e<f or altered of them, may be repealed, abridged* or shortened; and also that by parliament, the fame, or any of them, may be enlarged, altered, and varied*

by any Other act or acts to be made in this present feiTion of parliament.

CAP. V.

An act: for continuing and granting to his Majesty certahi duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy.

CAP. VI.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land (ax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy. ---at three shillings in the found.

CAP. VII.

An act for the regulation of his Majesty'* marine forces while on shore,.

*

CAP. VIII.

An act to continue, for a limited time, an act made in the fe+

ventbyear of his present Majesty'sreign, , An acte

to discontinue* for a limited time, the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, hogs-lard, and grease.

WHEREAS an act of parliament p in the seventh year ^Preamble.

the reign of his present Majesty, in, An act to difeon- Aft7 Geo* III, tinue, for a limited time, the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, hogs-lard and grease, which was to continue in force which was to for three years, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand continue in

seven hundred and sixtyseven, is near expiring: and whereas the -ar# lowing the importation of tallow, hogs-lard, grease, for a further

time, may be of great advantage to both kingdoms: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enabled 5 and be it enacted by the King's moil excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, that the said act, and all and every the clauses, provisions, pe- farther cant!*, nalties, forfeitures, allowances, matters, and things therein con- nued til! tained, shall be continued, from the expiration thereof, until 1775. the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred artd seventy-three, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the fame were inserted and re-enacted in the body of this present act.

U* CAP.

Le

286 Anno decimo Georgii III. c.9—14. £1769.

CAP. IX.

An act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beeinning the twenty.fifth day of March,one thousand seven hundred and seventy.

Preamble*

So much of -the acts of 9^f 10 Geo III. as prohibits the exportation of malt# repealed.

CAP. X.

An act to permit the exportation of .

WHEREAS an act was made in this present session of ment ,for continuing an act made in the of

ment, to prohibit^ for a further time9 the exportation grain9

meal,malt9 flour, bread9 biscuit9 andftarch9 of low wines and /pints from wheat and wheat flour9 whereby the said act was continued until the twentieth day after the commencement of the next session of parliament; with a proviso9 that the said continuation might be abridged,Jbortened, , or by any

other act or acts to be made in this present session of parliament: and whereas it is expedient9at this time, to permit the exportation of malt; j

be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by j and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tem- i poral, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the patting of this act, so much of the said acts, or either of them, as prohibits the exportation of malt, shall be, and the fame is hereby, repealed.

CAP. XI.

An act for raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and leventy.

CAP. XII.

An act to enable the committioners for executing the office of treasurer of his Majesty's exchequer, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to compound, with William Hill and John a debt due to the crown from William Pye, for which they are sureties.

Preamble. Exchequer impowered to compound with William Hill and John Dyer, See.a debt due to his Majesty; on payment of which compofitiou, their obligations to be discharged : but the bonds, as to William Pye and William Mills, not hereby vacated.

CAP. XIII.

An act for enabling his Majesty to grant the inheritance in fee iimple of the manor of Coflam, in the county of with the rights, member*# and appurtenances thereof, now held, under a demise by letters patent under the seal of his Majesty's court of exchequer, in trust for Paul Methuen, Esquire, unto the said Paul Methuen, and his heirs, upon a full and adequate consideration to be paid for the fame.

Preamble. The King impowered to grant, by letters patent, to Paul Methuen, upon an adequate consideration, the manor of Cosham, See. Rents to be paid half-yearly into the exchequer, and carried into the sinking fund.

, Manner of collecting the quit-rents, not altered. The grant to be

deemed good in law, notwithstanding aft i Anna-, and relerved rents, &c. to cease. Refervatioh of rights.

CAP. XIV.

. An act for paving, lighting, and watching the town of , in the

county of Devon j and for regulating the carmen and pqrters within the said town*

CAP.

1769-] Anno decimo Georgii III. 0,15,16/ *3/

CAP. XV.

An act to continue an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled,An act for amending and further continuing an act of the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to amend and render more -tual, in his Majesty's dominions in America, an act passed in this present session of parliament, , an act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the ninth year of his present Preamble.

Majesifsreign, intituled, An act for amending and fur- Ad 9 GeoAlt,

ther continuing an act of the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to amend and render more , his Ma~

jejiy's dominions in America, an act passed in this present feffm of liament, intituled, An act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and

for the better payment of the army and their quarters 5 which continue*^0 aft was to continue and be in force, in all his Majestfs dominions in force till 24. America, from the twenty fourth day of March one thousand seven Marcbijji, '

hundred and seventy, until the twenty-fourth day a/'March one - . sand seven hundred and seventy-one: and whereas it has been found necessary that the said act Should be continuedfor a further term: may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted \ and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame,That the said act shall be, and the fame is here- further conti-by continued, until the twenty-fourth day of March one thou- till sand seven hundred and seventy-two. 177*.

CAP. XVI.

An act to regulate the trials of controverted , or re-

turns of members to serve in parliament.

WHEREAS the present mode of decifeon upon , com- Preamble.

plaining of undue elections or returns of members to serve in parliament, frequently obflrufts publick business; occasions much expence, trouble, and delay to the parties 5 is defective, for want of those

sanctions and solemnities which are established by law in other trials; and is attended with many other inconveniences: for remedy thereof,

,be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with After JcPre* the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and complaint of1 commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au- undue elec-thority of the fame. That after the end of the-present session of tien, &c. a parliament, whenever a petition, complaining of an undue elec- Pre^j^ t,1J® tien or return of a member or members to serve in parliament, ^nfiaering or shall be presented to the house of commons, a day and hour thereof.

shall by the said house be appointed for taking the fame into Speaker to consideration; and notice thereof in writing shall be forthwith give notice given, by the speaker, to the petitioners and the fitting mem-

ber6» uicv

L.

283

Anno clecmto GEOJtGlt III. C. i f 17

tiers, or their respective agents, accompanied with an order to them to attend the house, at the time appointed, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, but not within H. Provided always,That no such petition shall be taken into appointment conkderation fourteen days after the appointment of the

cf committee committee of privileges.

of privileges. III. Provided also,That the house may alter the day and hour

House may al- f0 appointed for taking such petition into consideration, and ap-

ft* point some subsequent day and hour for the fame, as occalion on like notice £ „ . .1 .

and order. wall require; giving to the respective parties the like notice of

such alteration, and order to attend on the said subsequent day and hour, as aforesaid.

Serjeant at IV. And be it further ena<51ed,That at the time appointed for arms, before taking such petition into consideration, and previous to the read-the orde?of *nS ^ order of the day for that purpose, the serjeant at arms the day, to re- shall be directed to go with the mace to the places adjacent, and quire the at- require the immediate attendance of the members on the bufi-the^^be* nefs of the house; and that after his return the house shall be At £s return counted, and if there be less than one hundred members pre-hpufe to be ' sent, the order for taking such petition into consideration shall counted. be immediately adjourned to a particular hour on the following For want of <jay (Sunday and Christmas day always excepted ;) and the house toadjourn/8* then adjourn to the said day; and the proceedings of all * committees, subsequent to such notice from the said serjeant, shall be void: and, on the said following day, the house shall till xoo be pre- proceed in the same manner; and (o, from day to day, till there sent. be an attendance of one hundred members at the reading the or-

der of the day, to take such petition into consideration.

Ia nrefence of And be it further enacted, That if after summoning the 1QJ> members, and counting the house as aforesaid, one hundred

the petition- members shall be found to be present; the petitioners by them-ers, &c. to be selves, their counsel, or agents, and the counsel or agents of the ordered to the £tt^g members, shall be ordered to attend at the bar; and then the door of the house shall be locked, and no member shall be fufFered to enter into or depart from the house, until the petitioners, their counsel, or agents, and the counsel or agents for the fitting members, shall be directed to withdraw as herein after is mentioned : and when the door shall be locked as afore-Names of the f*»ds the order of the day shall be read, and the names of all members the members of the house, written or printed on distinct pieces of parchment or paper, being all as near as may be of equal to be put into fisc* and rolled up in die same manner, shall be put in eq ual fix boxes or numbers into fix boxes or glades, to be placed on the table for glades, that purpose, and shall there be (haken together; and then the to be drawn clerk or clerk assistant attending the house shall publickly draw alternately, out of the said fix boxes or glasses alternately the said pieces of and read by parchment or paper, and deliver the fame to the speaker, to be (p®*ker* by him read to the house; and so shall continue to do, until drawn. * forty-nine names of the members then present be drawn.

Voting mem- VI. Provided always, That if the name of any member who bers at the shall hayc given his vote at the election so complained of as dcSioa* aforesaid,

1769*1 Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 1 6,2S9

aforesaid, or who shall be a petitioner complaining of an undue or complain* election or return, or against whose return a petition shall be then ant*» depending, or whose return shall not have been brought ip four* teen days, shall be drawn; his name shall be fet aside, with the be fet aside. names of those who are absent from the house.

VII. Provided also,That if the name of any member of sixty All above 60 years of age or upwards be drawn, he shall be excused from serv-years old «e-ing on the select committee, to be appointed as herein after is cufed* mentioned, if he require it, and verify the cause of such requi*

fition upon oath.

VIII. Provided also,That if the name of any member who has or those who served in such fele& committee during the same session be drawn, {?e^^ve^on he shall, if he requires it, be excused from serving again in any teeinthefame such fele£t committee, unlefc the house shall, before the day ap- session, pointed for taking the said petition into consideration, have re-

solved, th^t the number of members who have not served on unless the such select committee, in the same session, is inefficient to fulfil number who the purposes of this act, respecting the choice of such select com- y^beLfiif mittee. ficient.

IX. Provided always,That no member who, after having been Members ex-appointed to serve in any such select committee, shall, on ac-cufec|,shall not count of inability or accident, have beta excused from attending be deemed to the fame throughout, shall be deemed to have served on anyhave served. such select committee.

X. And be it further ena<$ted,That if any other member shall Members ve-

ofFer atyl verify upon oath any other excuse, the substance of other the allegations so verified upon oath shall be taken down by the gatbns'to be" said clerk, in order that the fame may be afterwards entered on entered * the journals, and the opinion of the house shall be taken thereon ; and if the house shall resolve, that the said member is un- ancji tj,e able to serve, or cannot without great and manifest detriment house resolve serve in such select committee, he also shall be excused fromthat they are such service. J"?***4*:

XI. And be it further enacted, That instead of the members ^used

so fet aside and excused, the names of other members shall be ;nftea(i of drawn; who may, in like manner, be let aside or excused, and whom, others others drawn to lupply their places, until the whole number oft® be drawn to forty-nine members, not liable to be so fet aside or excused, shall tho

be complete 5 and the petitioners or their agents shall then name r ©he, and the fitting members, or their agents, another, from a- Petitioners tnong the members then present, whose names shall not have may name been drawn, to be added to those who shall have been so chosen °.ne»and

by In t tlnSmentm

VJwtr __ t » 1 . , . , . . . bers another,

XII. Provided always, That either of the members so nomi- who m for

nated shall or may be fet aside, for any of the fame causes as those like cauies be chosen by lot; or shall, if he requires it, be excused from serving fet aside, on the said (elect committee; and the party who nominated the member so fet aside, or excused, shall nominate another in his or excused; (lead, and (o continue to do as often as the case shall happen, an(j otherg Until his nominee is admitted. named.

XIII* And be it further ena<$ted,That 4s soon as the said forty

, by

Anno decimo Georgii III. c. i6.

a 90

Door to be ty nine members shall have been so chosen by lot, and the two tltt hou'fona mcm^ers to he Med thereunto shall have been so nominated as proceed on Y aforesaid, the door of the house shall be opened, and the house otherbufinefi. may proceed upon any other bufinefc; and lifts of the forty-Lifts of the 49 nine members so chosen by lot shall then be given to the peti-Svento the Uoners, their counsel or agents, and the counsel or agents for the

petitioners, fitting members, who shall immediately withdraw, together with tec. the clerk appointed to attend the said select committee; and the

who, with the said petitioners and fitting members, their counsel or agents, be

idprlr . t r .» ^ «« « .1/1 *1 r

derk, are to

and to strike one °{the said forty-nine members, until the said number shall

withdraw S‘nn*n6 on the part of the petitioners, shall alternately strike off

off one, alter- be reduced to thirteen; and the said clerk, within one hour at nately, till the farthest from the time of the parties withdrawing from the house number be re- deliver in to the house the names of the thirteen members clerk withm then remaining; and the said thirteen members, together with one hour, to the two members nominated as aforesaid, shall be sworn at the deliver a list table, well and truly to try the matter of the petition referred to ., them, and a true judgement to give according to the evidence; the nominees,anc* *hah he a fe!e<ft committee to try and determine the merits of shall be sworn the return or election appointed by the house to be that day taken a felett com* into consideration; and the house shall order the said select committee. mittee to meet at a certain time to be fixed by the house, which house to order time *hall he within twenty-four hours of the appointment of them to me*t the said feled committee, unless a Sunday or Chrtjimas day shall in*4hours, intervene; and the place of their meeting and fitting shall be some convenient room or place adjacent to the house^of com* mons or court of requests, properly prepared for that purpose. On withdraw- XIV. Provided always,That on the parties withdrawing as a-ing, the mem- the house shall continue fitting; and the said fifty-one

palt till meet- members, so chosen and nominated, shall not depart the house, mg of com- till the time for the meeting of the said feled committee shall be mitteebefixed, fixed.

Petitioner,&c* X V. Provided always, and be it further enacted,That if upon *nv the drawing out the name of any member by lot as aforesaid,

mem er t|ie petitioners or fitting members, or their agents, shall declare, that such member is intended to be one of the two nominees to be nominated by them respectively, and if such member shall consent to such nomination, the name of such member so drawn by lot shall be fet aside, and, unless objected to ?s afore-he is to serve said, he shall serve as such nominee, and the name of another member shall be drawn to supply his place, to complete the number of forty-nine members to be drawn by lot; and if the said petitioners or fitting members, or their agents, shall not respectively nominate a member then present, who shall be admitted according to the directions of this act, then the want of such nomination shall be supplied, by drawing out, instead thereof, deficiencies to the name of one or two members, as the case shall require; who be supplied by shall he drawn by lot in the like manner, and subject to the likeob-lot; jedions and excuses,as the other forty-nine members alreadydrawn

by lot, and shall be added to the lifts of the said forty-nine members, and shall be liable to be struck oft* in the same manner; lea v.

4 H

any member drawn is intended for a nominee, and member contenting thereto,

as such, and another to be drawn to supply his place; but, on neg-led of nomination,

v^

1769.] Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 1 291

ing always the number of fifteen members in the whole, and no leaving always more, as a select committee for the purposes aforesaid. 15 as a select

XVI.' Andy for the greater dispatch and certainty in the proceed- committee. ing herein before describedbe it further enacted, That the names Previous to of all the members so written and rolled up as herein before di- taking peti-redted, shall, previous to the day appointed for taking any such J.1?11 in.to con* petition into consideratio'n, be prepared by the said clerk or “dcratlon* clerk assistant, and by him put into a box or parcel in the pre-thcnameTof fence of )the speaker, together with an attestation, signed by the the members said clerk or clerk assistant, purporting, tftat the names of all drawn into a the members were by him put therein the box or parcel,

day of in the year ***

which said box Or parcel the speaker shall seal with his own seal;

and to the outftde thereof shall annex an attestation signed ^fameand himself, purporting, that the said box or parcel was on the artefttbernak-

day of ing up thereof

in the year made up in his presence, in inhisprefence.

the manner directed by this act; and that as soon as the parties shall be withdrawn as aforesaid, and before the house shall eh- Naijies of ter on any other business, any member may require, that the members un-names of all the members, which'remain undrawn, shall he^j'” mta^e drawn and read aloud by the said clerk or clerk assistant. clerk. Y

JCVII. And be it further enacted, That the said select com - Chairman to mittee shall, on their meeting, elect a chairman from among such be elected out of the members thereof as have been chosen by Jot; and if, in °£ members the election of a chairman, there be an equal number of voices, £afe°of the member whose name was first drawn in the house shall have equality in a casting voice; so likewise, in case there Should ever be occasion election, for eledting a new chairman, on the death or necessary absence roember first of the chairman first elected.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said select com- SeJeft

mittee shall have power to fend for persons, papers and records; mittee

and riiajl examine all the witnesses who come before them upon powered to

oath ; and shall try the merits of the return, or election, or both; fend for per-

and shall determine, by a majority of voices of the said select fons» .&c* .

committee, whether the petitioners or the fitting members, or "

pither of them, be duly returned or elected, or whether the elec- and determine

tien be void; which determination shall be final between the finally.

parties to all intents and purposes: and the house, on being in- noufe there-'

formed thereof by the chairman of the said select committee, shall upon to con-

order the fame to be entered in their journals, and give the ne- firm, or alter,

ceflary directions fdr confirming or altering the return, or for the return;

- -A. - . c& 1 o. &r r *j or issue a writ

the lflumg a new writ for a new election, or for carrying the said for new elec-

determination into execution, as the case may require. *tien.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said select com- Seledt com-rnittee shall fit every day ( Sunday and Christmas day.only except- mittee not to ed) and shall never adjourn for a longer time than twenty-four than*4 hours, unless a Sunday or Chrijimas day intervene, without leave hours,withoift first obtained from the house, upon motion, and special cause leave.

^ffigned for a longer adjournment; Snd in,case the house shall I* house then {>e fitting at the time to which the find select committee is ad- nefiTS be **

journed, stayed>

29 2

and motion made for farther adjournment.

Sunday or

not to be deemed in-tluded.

Sde& committee-man not to absent

tee to (it* till all* who have not leave* be met.

On failure meeting within one hour* a farther adjournment to

Atuiodedmo GeoROII III. C.16. [17

journed, then the business of the house shall be flayed, and a motion shall be made for a further adjournment, for any time, to be fixed by the house, not exceeding twenty four hours, un«* less a Sunday or Christmas day intervene.

XX. And be it further enacted, That where the time preferib-Christmas day ed by this act for the meeting, fitting, or adjournment of the intervening said select committee, shall, by the intervention of a Sunday or Christmas day, exceed twenty four hours, such meeting, fitting, or adjournment, shall be within twenty four hours from the time . of appointing or fixing the fame, exclusive of such Sunday or Christmas day.

XXL And be it farther enacted, That no member of the said fele& committee shall be allowed to absent himself from the wTth<mMcave, fame, without leave obtained from the house, or an excuse allowed nor commit- by the house at the next fitting thereof, on (pecial cause shewn and verified upon oath; and the said fele<5t committee shall never fit, until all the members to whom such leave has not been granted, nor excuse allowed, are met; and in case they shall not all meet within one hour after the time to which the said fele& committee shall have been adjourned, a farther adjournment shall be made in the manner as before directed, and reported, with the cause thereof, to the house. made* and reported with the cause thereof.

Chairman, at XXII. And be it further enacted, That the chairman of the next meeting, said select committee shall, at the next meeting of the house, al-t*> report ab- w^yS report the name of every member thereof who shall have whoare to be keen a^ent therefrom without such leave or excuse as aforesaid; directed to at- and such member shall be directed to attend the house at the tehd next fit- pext fitting thereof, and shall then be ordered to be taken into 5 rmi custody of the serjeant at arms attending the house, for such or punched at of his duty, and otherwise punished or censured at the

discretion, discretion of the house; unless it shall appear to the house, by facts unless absence specially dated and verified upon oath, that such member was, proved una- by a fufiden accident, or by necessity, prevented from attending the said feledfc committee.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if more than two members of the said fele& committee shall on any account be absent therefrom, the said select committee shall adjourn in the manner herein before ditetfed; and so, from time to time, until thirteen members are assembled.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the number of members able to attend the said fele6t committee shall, by death or otherwise, be unavoidably reduced to less than thirteen,

then tobedif and shall so continue for the space of three fitting days, the said other^ chosen committee shall be dissolved, and another chosen to try and andpaft pro”- determine the matter of such petition in manner aforesaid; and ceedings to all the proceedings of the said former select committee shall be be void. void and of no effect.

Resolutions of XXV. And be it further enacted, That if the said fele£f com-

other^thaa* m*ttee AwN come to any resolution other than the determination determination above mentioned, they shall, if they think proper, report the

voidable.

If 13 do not attend, committee to adjourn 5

jf left for 3 days.

of complain^.

1769*3 Anno decimo Georgii III. C.i6t *93

fame to the house for their opinion, at the same time that the may be re-chairman of the said fele& committee shall inform the house of p°jte?' . r such determination; and the house may confirm or disagree ^aymake°or> with such resolution, and make such orders thereon, as to them der thereon/ shall seem proper.

XXVI. Provided always, That if any person summoned by Person* difo-

the said feletSt committee, shall disobey such summons; or if any beying sum-witness before such fele<5fc committee (haHj prevaricate, or shall J^r”CatingPrC" othexwife misbehave in giving* or refusing to give evidence; s*

the chairman of the said select committee, by their direction, to be reported may at any time, during the course of their proceedings, report by the chair-the fame to the house, for the int^rposition of their authority or man* censure, as the case shall require.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said when corn-'

fele& committee shall think it necessary to deliberate amongst mittee chuse themselves, upon any quefiion which shall arise in the course of deliberate* the trial, or upon the determination thereof, or upon any refolu- beared10 tien concerning the matter of the petition referred to them as a-

foresaid; as soon as the said fele# committee shall have heard

the evidence and counsel on both fides relative thereunto, the room or place wherein they shall fit shall be cleared, if they shall think proper, while the members of the said leledt committee Quezon* to consider thereof; and all such questions, as well as such deter- by majority mination and all other resolutions, shall be by a majority of chairman to-voices; and if the voices shall be equal, the chairman shall have & calling have a calling voice.

XXVIII. Provided always, That no such, determination as Nodetermina.

aforesaid shall be made, nor any quefiion be proposed, unless *ion» up*efs «1 thirteen members shall be present; and no member shall have a no/any^Vm-vote on such determination, or any other quefiion or resolution* ber to vote, who has not attended during every fitting of the said select com- who has not inittee. attendedevery

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the oaths by this v aft directed to be taken in the house, shall be adminifiered by the house^to* the said clerk or clerk a(fiftant, in the same manner as the oaths beadminister-of allegiance and supremacy arc adminifiered in the house of ed by the commons; and that the oaths by this act directed tq be taken » f . before the said select committee, (nail be adminifiered by the clerk f”re the select attending the said select committee ; and that all persons who committee, by shall be guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury in any evidence which the clerk, they shall give before the house, or the said select committee, P«na,t,es on in consequence of the oath which they shall have taken by the ^nS^there-direction of this act, shall, on conviction thereof, incur and (bfi- to.

(Fer the like pains and penalties to which any other person, con* vifted of wilful and corrupt perjury, is liable by the laws and Statutes of this realm.

XXX. And be it further eqafted, That this act shall continue Act to eon-in force seven years, and till the end of the section of parliament tinue for 7 next after the expiration of the said seven years, and no longer. y€ar8*

Q AP,

294 Anno decimo Georgii III. c.17; [17

CAP. XVII.

An act to repeal so much of an act made in the [eventh year of his present Majesty*s An act for grant-

ing certain duties in the colonies and plantations in America; for allowing a drawback of the duties of customs upon the exportation, from this kingdom, of coffee and cocoa nuts of the produce of the said colonies or plantations; for discontinuing the drawbacks payable on china earthen ware exported to ; and for more

effectually preventing the clandestine running of goods in the said colonies and plantations, as relates to the upon glass, red-lead, wpainters ,

pafie-boards, mill-boards, and , of the produce

' or manuf aftwreof Great Britain, imported into any of his

* Majesty*s colonies in America; and also to the discontinuing the drawbacks payable on china eartben-ware9 exported America; and for regulating the exportation .

preamble, re- XTT H E R E AS in and by an act passed in the of citing VV his Majesty s reign; , An act for granting certain

Act 7 Geo. j. duties in the British colonies and plantations in America; for allowing a drawback of the duties of customs upon the exportation, from this kingdom, of coffee and cocoa nuts of the produce of the said colonies or plantations; for discontinuing the drawbacks payable on china earthen-ware imported to and for more effectually preventing the clandestine running of goods in the said colonies and plantations, it was, amongji other things enacted, That there Should be and paid

unto his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, certain duties upon glass, red-lead, white-lead,painters colours, and upon the several forts of paper therein mentioned; as also upon all pajle-board, miir-board and Jcale-board, which Should be imported into any colony or plantation in America, under the dominion of his Majesty, his heirs and successors: and whereas the said duties, in so far affect the produce and

manufacture of Great Britain, do in their nature tend to the prejudice and discouragement thereof, and are therefore contrary to the true principles of commerce; may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. After Dec. 1, That from and after the first day of December, one thousand seven ■*77°# hundred and seventy, so much of the said before-receited act as

relates to the duties thereby granted upon the respective goods herein before mentioned, such goods being of the produce and manufacture of Great Britain, shall, in respect of 211 such of the said goods as are of the produce and manufacture of Great Bri-

^.

.Ijtfjf.] Anno decimo Georgii III. c, 18. 295

be, and the fame is hereby repealed and made void to all repealed, intents and purposes whatsoever.

II* And whereas, in and by the said before-receited act, it was also a a 7 Geo. 1. further enacted, that no drawback shall be allowed for any china disallowing a

earthen-ware, fold after the pajfmg of that act at the J ale of the united drawback on company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, which c“lna»

shall be entered for exportation from Great Britain to any part of America: and whereas the allowing the faidunder certain

rejlrittions, may encourage and secure the immediate trade of this kingdom with the British colonies and plantations in America; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and af- repealed, ter the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, the said clause in the before-recited a 6t of the seventh year of his Majesty's reign, discontinuing the said drawback payable upon china earthen-ware exported to America, shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed and made void.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the From Dec. j, authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of *77°> n<> December, no drawback shall be paid or allowed for any china earthen-ware, exported or entered for exportation from this king- ^exported," dom, to any place whatsoever, unless the fame shall be packed unjeft up in the presence of a proper officer or officers of the customs in the presence appointed for that purpose, in some warehouse belonging to the of a pioper united company of merchants trading to the East Indies wherein °®5er of the the some shall have been lodged at importation, and shall be customt* sent to be exported directly from such warehouse, under the seal and care of such officer or officers of the customs; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for preventing the Jiealing of dogs.

WHEREAS the practice of Jiealing dogs hath of late years Preamble, greatly increajed: for remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That from and after the first day of Mone thousand seven After 1 May, hundred and seventy, if any person shall steal any dog or dogs, 1770* person of any kind or fort whatsoever, from the owner or owners there- who shall iteal, of, or from any person or persons intruded by the owner or owners thereof with such dog or dogs; or shall fell, buy, receive, ^11, buy, or harbour, detain, or keep, any dog or dogs of any kind or fort detain any whatsoever, knowing the some to have been stolen as aforesaid; dog every such person, upon being convi<5ted thereof upon the oath of one or more credible witness Or witnesses, or by his or her own confession, before any two or more justices of the peace for any ebunty, riding* division, or place, shall, for the first offence, for- for fjrft of. feit and pay such sum of money not exceeding thirty pounds, nor fence to forfeit less than twenty pounds, as to such justices shall seem meet, to- not lets than gether with the charges previous to and attending such convic* * s of VOX#. XXVIII. X conviction.

Till penalty and charges are paid, of-

gaol.

296 Anno declmo GfcoftGii III. C.18. [1769.

tien, to be ascertained by such justices before Whom such offender lball be convicted: and in case such penalty shall not be forthwith paid, such justices shall commit the offender to the common gaol, or house of correction, there to remain without bail or co^nmitted u> ma'nPrize for arty t*me not exceeding twelve calendar months, e 0 nor less than six calendar months, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid: and if any person having been convicted as aforesaid, shall afterwards be guilty of the like offence, and shall be Person guilty thereof convicted in like manner as aforesaid; every such person ofafubiequent shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay such sum of money, forfei^no^lefsnot excew**n? fifty pounds, nor less than thirty pounds, as to than jol? and* just,ccs ft^all seem meet, together with the charges previous

charges j to and attending such conviction, to be ascertained by such justices before whom such offender or offenders shall be so conviCt-to be paid to «d: which said penalties, or any of them, when recovered, shall informer, and jje pald, one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other t e poor. moiety to the poor or the parish where the offence shall be cotn-

On non-pay- mitted; and, upon nonpayment thereof, such justices shall com-imoi^bned* mit l^e 0^en^er to the common gaol or house of correction, im>nths,and*there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not ex-publickly ceeding eighteen months, nor less than twelve months, or until whipped. the penalty and charges shall be paid; and such justices shall also order the said offender to be publickly whipped, within three days after such commitment, in the town wherein such gaol or house of correction shall be, between the hours of twelve and one of the clock.

Justices to II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it grant war- shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more of his Majesty's !frt«/earCl*iu^*ces of the Peace or for any county, riding, division, or place, upon information to him or them made for that purpose, to grant a warrant or warrants to search for any dog or dogs stolen as aforesaid, and in case any such dog or dogs, or the (kin or skins of such dog or dogs, shall upon such search be found, to take and restore every such dog or dogs, or such Ikin or skins, to Persons in the owner thereof; and the person or persons, in whose custody whole custody or possession any such dog or dogs, (kin or skins, shall be so found, liable found (in case it shall appear that such person w^s privy to such to like penal- d0g or dogs having been stolen as aforesaid, or that such (kin or t,e*‘ skins was the (kin or skins of any dog or dogs stolen as afore-

said) shall respectively be subject and liable to the like penalties and punishments as persons conviCted of dealing any dog or dogs are herein before made subject and liable to.

Justices may 111* dnd, for the more easy and speedy conviction of offenders again ft

cause to be thisbe it further enacted, That all justices of the peace, be-

drawn up the fore whom any person or persons shall be convicted of any of-following fence against tnis act, shall and may cause the conviction to be drawn up in the following form of words, or in any other form ' of words to the .fame effect, as the case shall happen;

for dogs stolen

B E

i769.] Anno decimo Georgii III. 0.19; 297

BE it remembered, That on the Form of coa-

day of in the year of our Lord vision.

A B is convified before us of his Majrflfs of the peace for

the county of

(specifying the offence, and the time and place when and where the fame was Committed, as the case shall he)

Given under our hands and feah the day and year

aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person* ag« person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any thing done grieved may in pursuance of this act, such person may appeal to the justices aPPcal to % of the peace at the next general quarter-session of the peace to be held for the county or place wherein the cause of complaint shall arise, and within four days after the cause of such complaint shall have arisen; such appellant giving, or causing to be Fourteen day* given, fourteen days notice at least, in writing, ,of his or her in- notice of ap-tention to bring such appeal, and of the matter thereof, to the P?al to ** perfor.s whofc acts are complained against, and, within two days glven*

after such notice, entering into a recognizance before some justice of the peace for such county or place, with two sufficient sureties, conditioned to try such appeal, and abide the order of, and to pay such costs as shall be awarded by, the justices at such quar-ter-session : and the said justices at such section, upon due proof Justices to of such notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into bear, deter-such recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the causes m,ne» and matters of such appeal in a summary way, and award such “jj atfard costs to the parties appealing, or appealed against, as they the co 8* said justices shall think proper; and the determination of such'Their deter-quarter-sessions shall.be final, binding, and conclusive to all in- to

tents and purposes; and no order made concerning any of the 1)6 a matters aforesaid, or any other proceedings to be had touching the convi£ion or convictions of any offender against this a shall be quaftied for want of form, or be removed by , and not be re*

or any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's roove<? by Gw-courts of record at Westminster. tioran,

CAP. XIX.

7 in act for letter preservation of the game, within that part of Great Britain called England.

WHEREAS the game hath of late been much destroyed at Preamble, improper seasons, in that part of Great Britain called Eng-

land : for remedying thereof, may it please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enatded; and be it enatfed by the King's most excellent majesty, b,y and'with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefeqt parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That After June from and after the twenty fourth day of 7 one thousand 1770. person*

. * ' X 2 ' ' . seven k,4UnS a*y

hare, &c. be ttfreen fun-setting-and fun-riling ;

$98 Anno decimo GeqRGH III. c.19. 769*

seven hundred and seventy, if any person or persons shall wilfully, upon any pretence whatsoever, take, kill, or destroy any hare, pheasant, partridge, moor game, heath game, of grouse, in the night, between one hour after fun-setting, and one hour orufmgany before fun-rising; or use any gun, dog, snare, net, or other

foTdTftrowe?ngine for ukin8» killin6» or daftroying any hare, pheasant, game i * * partridge, moor game, heath game, or grouse, in the night as * aforesaid, and shall 1>e convicted thereof upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any one or more justice or justices of the peace, for any county, riding, for iftoffence, division or place; every such person shall, for the first offence, to be impri- be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, there than* months to rema*n> without bah or mainprize, for any time not exceed-3 * ing six calendar months, nor less than three calendar months

For other of- and if any person, having been once convicted of such offence, fence, not less shall afterwards be guilty of the like- offence, and be thereof thane months; convicte(j \n manner aforesaid; every such person shall, for every such offence, be committed to the common gaol, or house of correction, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding twelve calendar months, nor less than six calendar months; and shall also, within three days from the time of his commitment, either for the first or any other offence, be once publickly whipped in the town where such gaol or house of correction shall be, between the hours of twelve and one of the clock in the day.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Stmd7y> using from and after the said twenty fourth day of Juney one thousand a gun or en- seven hundred and seventy, if any person or persons shall, upon a Sunday, take, kill, or destroy, any hare, pheasant, partridge, moor game, heath game, or grouse: or shall upon a Sunday use any gun, dog, snare, net, or other engine for taking, killing, or destroying any hare, pheasant, partridge, moor game, heath on conviaion, or grouse; every such person, being convicted thereof

to forfeit % o\! upon the oath or oaths of any one or more credible witness or witnesses, before one or more justice or justices of the peace for any county, riding, division, or place, shall forfeit and pay any funi not exceeding thirty pounds, nor less than twenty pounds, as to to be levied by such justice or justices shall seem. meet: and in case such penalty distress, with shall not be forthwith paid, such justice or justices shall by war-charges ; rant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, cause

and for each to be publickly whipped.

Offenders on

gine for destroying game.

the fame to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, together with all costs and charges attending such and be applied distress and sale ; and the forfeitures, when paid or recovered as tq ift former aforesaid, shall be applied, one moiety to the informer, and the and the poor. other moiety to the poor of the parish where such offence shall For want of ^ave been committed ; and in case no sufficient distress can be diltrefs, of- had, such justice or justices shall commit the offender to the fender to be common gaol or house of correction, there to remain without committed. baj| or mainprize for any time not exceeding six calendar months, nor less than three calendar months.

III. Andy for the more easy and speedy conviflion of offenders -

I

le

1769*] Ann6 decimp Georgii III. c,2o. 299

gainjl this act, be it further enacted, That all and every the juf- justice may

tice or justices of the peace, before whom any person or per- cause to be fons shall be convicted of any offence against this act, shall and dra*n. UP may cause the conviction to be drawn up in the following form foUowinS of words, or in any forth of words to the fame effect, as the case shall happen; videlicet,

BE it remembered, That on the Form of con*

day of in the year of our Lord vl(^on*

A B before me

C D, one of his Majestfs justices of the peace for the county of

(specifying the offence, and time and place when and where the fame was committed, as the case shall be).

Given under, my hand and seal the day and year

aforesaid.

i %

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Persons ag-person shall think himself or herself aggrieved, by any thing grieved may done in pursuance of this act, such person may appeal to the quarter-tcf-justices of the peace, at the next general quarter-session of the 2onsj peace, to be held for the county or place wherein the cause of complaint shall arise, and within four days after the cause of such complaint shall have arisen; such appellant giving, or causing giving 14 to be given, fourteen days notice at lead, in writing of his or days notice her intention to bring such appeal, and of the matter thereof, comnUdncd to the person or persons whose acts are complained against; and against. within two days after such notice, entering into recognizance before some justice of the peace for such county or place, with two sufficient sureties, conditioned to try such appeal, and abide the order of, and to pay such costs as (nail be awarded by the justices at such quarter-ieflion; and the said justices at such fef- justices to (ion, upon due proof of such notice being given as aforesaid, hear, deter-and of the entering into such recognizance, shall hear and fi- mine, and nally determine the causes and matters of such appeal, in a sum- award costs* mary way, and award such costs to the parties appealing, or appealed against, as they the said justices shall think proper; and the determination of such quarter-session shall be final, bind- Determina-ing, and conclusive, to all intents and purposes$ and no order tien to be made concerning any of the matters aforesaid, or any other proceedings to be had, touching the conviction or convidtions of any offender against this act, shall be quashed for want of form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other writ or pnocefs an(j not to be whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's courts of record at West- removed by minster.

CAP. XX.

An act for the more ealy and speedy recovery of small debts within the borough of King's Lynn, and the liberties thereof.

X 3 CAP.

v^

Anno decimo Georgii III. 0.21,-29. [ 1769.

CAP. XXI.

An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of fmalldebts, within the parishes of Poulton, Kirkbam, Lytham, and Bifpham, and townships of preefall and btalmine, in the county palatine of JLancaster.

cap. xxn.

An act for better supplying the city of Worcester, and the liberties thereof, with water; and for the better paving and lighting the said city $ and for removing and preventing all obltruftions and annoyances therein.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for the more effectually paving, repairing, cleaning, and light-

. ing, the streets, squares, lanes, and other passages, and for regulating weights and mealures, within the parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the county of Middlesex j and for other purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for further continuing the duties granted and continued by several acts m*de in the sixth and tenth years of the reign of Queen Anne, and in the seventh year of the reign of King. George the First, for repairing the harbour and key of Watchett, in the county of $omerfet.

CAP. XXV.

' An act for the better paving, repairing, and cleansing, the streets, and other publick passages, in the several parishes and wards of Saint Michael, Saint John, Holy'Rhood, Saint Lawience, All Saints within the Bar, AH Saints without the Bar, and East Street and Bag-row, within the town of Southampton, and liberties thereof; and for preventing nuisances and annoyances therein ; and for widening and renT dering the fame more commodious; and for the lighting and watching the said streets and publick passages.

CAP. XXVI,

An act for further continuing the terms and powers, granted and con-, tinued by three acts passed in the twelfth and thirteenth years of William the 1 bird, the tenth of Queen Anne”, and in the eleventh year of his late Majesty George theSecond, for recovering, fecuringi and keeping in repair, the harbour of Minehead, in the county of Somerset, and for the more efteftual carrying the said acts into exe. cution; and also for the better securing the ancient dues payable tQ the lord or lady of the manor of Minehead for the time being,

CAP. XXVII.

A" act to enlarge the powers of an act of the twenty fourth year of hip late NJajesty, for making the river Nar navigable, from ti e town and port of King's Lynn to Weltacre in the county of Norfolk, and foj* making the said act more efteftual.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for rebuilding the common gaol of the county of

CAP.. XXIX.

An act to explain, amend, ami make more effectual, an act passed in the fifth year <of his Majesty's reign, intituled, An act the more tefyand speedy recovery of small debts within the hundreds of ,

1769J Anno decimo Georgii IIDc.^o. 301

of Bromley and Beckenham, ofRokejley otbemvife Ruxley, and Little and

Lejfntftyin the county of Kent\ and one other act passed in the sixth year of his Majesty's reign, for extending the provittons of the said act to 'the hundred of Waflington, in the county of Surrey.

CAP. XXX.

An act for rectifying a mistake in an act made in the

session of parliament, intituled, An act for better fe-

euring the duties of customs upon certain goods removed from the out ports and other places to London; for regulating the fees of the officers of his MajestyY customs in the province of Senegambia in Africa ; for allowing to the receivers-general of the duties on offices and employments in Scotland,a proper compensation for their trouble and expences; for the better preservation of hollies, thorns, and quickfets, in

Forests, chaces, and private grounds, and of trees and Underwoods in forests and chaces; and for authorising the exportation of a limited quantity of an inferior fort of barley, called Bigg, from the port of Kirfoyall in the islands of Orkney.

WHEREAS in an act pojfed in the last session of , Preamble.

intituled, An act for better securing the duties of cu- Aqtg Gcq^ ftoms upon certain goods removed from the out ports and other places to London; for regulating the fees of the officers of his Majesty's customs in the province of in Africa;

for allowing to the receivers*general of the duties on offices and employments in Scotland, a proper compensation for their trouble and expences; for the better preservation of hollies, thorns, and quickfets, in forests, chaces, and private grounds, gnd of trees and underwoods in forests and chaces; -and for puthorifing the exportation of a limited quantity of an inferior' fort of barley, called Bigg, from the port of Kirkwall in the jfiands of Orkney, ay act made in the sixth year of his present - and 6 Geo. s* jejly's reign, therein intended to be recited and , is, by

fnijlake, intituled, An act for the better preservation of roots,

shrubs, and plants, \njlead of being in, An act for the better preservation of timber trees, and of woods and underwoods, and for the farther preservation of roots, shrubs, and plants: now, for rectifying the said mistake, be it enacted by the

Xing's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and ponfent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons," in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the said act of the sixth year of his present Ma-confirmed and jesty's reign shall, notwithstanding such mistake in reciting the extended, title thereof, made in the said act of the last session of. parliament, be taken, deemed, and adjudged nevertheless to be me$pt th$r$by, ar\d confirmed and extended accordingly, as

X 4 to

30*

Anno dcdmo Georgii III. c.31. [1769.

to all and every the several daufes, powers, authorities, penalties, forfeitures, provisions, matters and things in the said acts or either of them contained, in the same manner, to .all intents, construdions, and purposes whatsoever, as if the said mistake had never been made or happened, and the title of the said act of the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, had at first been truly recited in the said act of the last session of parliament; any law or usage to the contrary in any wise notwith-. landing.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for extending like liberty, in the exportation t>f rice

from East and West Florida to the Southward of Cape Finifterre in Europe, as is , by former a5ls of

parliament, to Carolina and Georgia.

p ,, Wf HE RE A S the granting the like , to export rice in m VV the same manner from his colonies East and

West Florida to the southward of Cape Finifterre Europe, as

is granted,by former ofts of , to the provinces of Caro-

lina and Georgia, may be of great benefit to the said colonies of East and West Florida; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That After August ^rom anc* a^ter ^ay one thousand seven hun-

*» 1770* 5 dred an(* seventy, it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty's subjects, in any ship or vessel built in Great , or

in his Majesty's colonies in , or belonging to any of his

Majesty's subjects, and navigated according to law, that (halt clear outwards in any port of Great Britain for the province of East or West Florida, or in any port thereof, to ship or load _ rice in such province, and to carry the fame directly to any

exported from port southward of Cape Finifterre in , without carrying

th'eFloridasto the fame to any other of his Majesty's plantations in ,

the southward or to Qredt Britain; under the like entries, securities, re-terre Punder" ftridions, regulations, limitations, duties, penalties, and for*? like regula- feitures, as are particularly described, appointed, limited, or tiens as from enacted for that purpose, in and by an act passed in'the third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for granting liberty to carry , from his Ma-jefiys province of Carolina America directly to any part Europe southward 0/Cape Finifterre, in ships built in and belonging p Great Britain, and navigated according 'to laiv> as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act.

This act to II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Th?t continue if> this act shall continue and be in force until the twenty* ninth

. * day

Rice may be

Carolina,

by act 3 Geo.«.

xj6g.] Anno decirrio Georgii III. fc.32: 303

day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, so^ till and from thence to the end of the then next session of par- Sep. *9,1774. liament.

CAP. XXXII.

j4n act for defraying the expence of building the new office of encife in London, out of his Majesty's revenue of excise.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the eighth year of his - preamble, jejly's reign* intituled* An act for carrying into execution reciting act

an agreement made between the mayor and commonalty and * Geo. 3. citizens of the city of London* and the wardens and commonalty of the mystery of mercers of the said city, and Stamp Brookjbank esquire, fecretaiy to the commisioners of his Ma-

3's revenue of excise, for the purchase of Gresham College* the ground and buildings thereunto belonging, and for veiling the fame unalienably in the crown, for the purpose of eroding and building an excise office there, and for other purposes therein mentioned j it is* amongstother things* one Red*

that the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and the warden* and commonalty of the mystery of mercers of the city of London, shall*within a time therein pay or cause to

be paid unto the receiver-general of his Mayduties of the sum of one thousand eight hundred pounds* for and towards the expence of pulling down the said college* and the building an excise office there; and that the receipt of filth receiver-general shall be a

Jufficient discharge for the fame: and whereas a considerable over and above the said sum of one thousand eight hundred has already been incurred* and mujl necessarily be further incurred in erecting and building such office for the managing and conducting the buftnefs of his Majestys revenue cf excise 5 and doubts have arisen* whether the commisioners of his Majestfs tree fury* or the high treasurer for the time being* are fuffic'untly authorized by law to dire ft money arising out of his Majesty's revenue of and in the hands of the commissmers of excise* or of any officers belonging to them* to be applied for or towards; payment of the said expences: now* for settling such doubts* may it please your Majeshy that it may be enacted* and be it enacted by the King's most excellent ma-

jelly, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it shall and Treasur pa ay be lawful for the commisioners of his Majesty's treasury, powCTecfto*" pr the high treafqrer for the time being, and they are hereby direct the authorised by their warrant or warrants, from time to time, to commisioners require and.direct the commisioners of his Majesty's revenue ^efra^theex-of excise for the time being to pay, or cause to be paid, out of £gnrcacy0f the money in their bands, or in the hands of their officers, all building new such sums as shall be so required and dtreded by ftnh warrant excise office pr warrants to be paid, on account of the charge and expence already incurred and to be incurred in erecting and building }he fijid office of excise j and the money so paid, in pursuance h

Pf allowed them

[*7 %

306 Anno dedmo Georgii III. C.35*

CAP. XXXV.

an act to enable the governor, council, and of his

Majesty's colony of New York, to an act of assembly for creating and issuing upon loan paper bills of credit to ' a certain amount , and to make the fame a legal tender in

payments into the loan offices and treasury of the said colony.

Preamble, re- Wf PEREAS by an a ft in the fourth year of his pre*

citing act + sent Majestfs reign, An ac5l to prevent paper

Geo. 3. bills of credit hereafter to be iftued in any of his Majesty*s

■ colonies or plantations in from being declared to be

a legal tender in payments of money, and to prevent the legal tender of such bills as are now subsisting, from being prolonged beyond the periods limited for calling in and linking the fame, it is enacted, That from and after the day September,

one thousand seven hundred and no , or

vote of affimbly, in any of his Majestfs colonies or plantations in

America, shall be made for creating or issuing any paper or bills of credit of any kind or denomination , declaring such

paper bills or bills of credit to be legal tender in payment of any bargains, contrafts, debts,dues, or demands whatsoever; and every clause and provision which shall hereafter be infer ted in any act,

der'or resolution, or vote of assembly, contrary to this act, shall be null and void: and whereas it is, at this time, necessary for the public service of the colony of New York, that provision Should be made for creating and issuing one hundred and twenty thousand pounds, current money of New York, in paper bills of credit, to - be received as a legal tender by the loan officers of the said colony,

for and during the term of fourteen years and in the treasury of the said colony, for and during the said term, and for one year thereafter: and whereas doubts have arisen whether, under the terms of the said recited Statute, such provision as aforesaid can lawfully be made : may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted', and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament General af- assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it shall and fembly may may be lawful for the governor, council, and general assembly pass an act of the said colony, to pass an act of the said general assembly

for issuing for creating and issuing a sum, not exceeding one hundred

Cunrencv in anc* twenly thousand pounds current money of New York, in bifl8 of ere- bills of credit to be put out upon loan, to be legal tender in dit * payment at the loan offices for and during the term of four-

Threfameto teen years; and in payment into the treasury of the said coke legal ten- Jony, for colony duties, for the said term and for one year foa^office# thereafter \ any thing in the afore-recited Statute of the fourth and treasury year of his present Majesty's reign to the contrary thereof in there for 14. j*ny wife notwithstanding.

years, &c. CAP.

*7 % ]

Anno decimo Georgii III. 0.36* 307

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for redeeming the capital or joint flock of ,

after the rate of three pounds ten shillings per centum, established by an act made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the , intituled^ An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of two millions, to be raised by way of annuities and a lottery, and charged oh the sinking fund, redeemable by parliament 5 and for extending to Ireland the laws made in this kingdom against private and unlawful lotteries.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS inpurfuance of an act made in the twenty-ninth Preamble.

year of the reign of his late majesty King George the reciting act

intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of two Gco# * millions, to be raised by way of annuities and a lottery, and charged on the sinking fund, redeemable by parliament; and for extending to Ireland the laws made in this kingdom against private and unlawful lotteries *the said sum of two millions was raised for the public service; and it was thereby further enacted*

That the sum of one million five hundred thousand part of

the said sum of two millions, on which aafter the rate of three pounds ten shillings per centum per annum were to be -tending, shouldbe deemed one capital or joint flock; and that at any

time after the expiration of fifteen years, to be computed from the

eleventh day 0/February one thousand fifty-six*

and not sooner, upon six months notice to be printed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange London, by authority of parliament; and upon repayment by parliament of the whole principal sum of one million five hundred thousand for

which the said annuities ' were payable, to such respective persons or corporations as Should be intitled to the fame annuities 5 or upon the like repayment by parliament of any part of the said sum of ont million five hundred thousand pounds, Jo as such part of the sum so paid

at any one time he not less than five hundred thousand pounds j and also upon full payment of all arrearages of the fame ,

and not till then, the said annuities Should cease and and

be understood to be redeemed \ and that any vote or resolution of the house of commons,signified by the jpeaker in , to be

in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London, as aforesaid* Should he deemed and adjudged to be sufficient notice within the words and meaning of the said oft : and whereas your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects* the commons of Great

Britain in parliament affiembled* hove resolved* That the said sum of one million five hundred thoufan) pou, the amount of the said capital or joint Jloch of the annuities, after the rate of three pounds ten shillings per centum, be redeemed and paid off on the twelfth day ^February, one thousand seven hundred and

cni>

308 Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 36. [1769.

one: and whereas the speaker of the house of commons did, in -fuance of a resolution of the fold house in this of ,

give notice by writing, inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, that the fame will be paid off and redeemed on the twelfth day of February, one

sand seven hundred and seventy-, agreeable to the power of redemption in the said act : ther, your * commons, do most

humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-Notices given t^or‘ty t*le some. That such notices as aforesaid shall be, by the speaker and be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be good and sufficient to be deemed notice or notices within the true intent ana meaning of the said act, for the redemption of the said capital or joint stock of annuities after the rate of three pounds ten shillings per shall be redeemable and redeemed

food and fuf« cient.

centum, and the fame

ac-

JThe following

cordingly.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That on or before the said twelfth day of , one thou-

sand seven hundred and seventy>one, there shall and may be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, out of all or any the aids or supplies granted in this session of parliament (except any particular aid or supply which hath been or shall be in the same session specially and intirely appropriated to any other particular use orpurpose;) which indffcifum shall be, by the said governor and company, applied and j£rtl0f>ar®,D® paid over for discharging the said principal sum of one million *[000,0001. five hundred thousand pounds, part of the said sum of two millions, raised under the authority of the said act made in the twenty-ninth year of his late Majesty's reign, and for re-fng attendant deeming the said annuities after the rate of three pounds ten shillings per centum, attending on the fame.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on or before the said twelfth day of one thou-

sand seven hundred and seventy-one, there shall and may, by by way of im- order of the commisioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, be issued and paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, to the governor and company of the bank of England, by way of imprest, and upon account, out of the surplusses, excesses, or overplus-monies, commonly callus shall bene ed The Sinking Fund, such sum of moneyas shall be necessary

ceffarytodif- 'for the discharge of the said annuities attending on the said charge the fuin Qf onc million five hundred thousand pounds, from the teikhn^oiTthe ^ January,one thousand seven hundred and seventy-ihm of011 C one, to the said twelfth day of one thousand seven

1,500,000!, hundred and seventy-one inclusive; which sum shall be applied from s Jan. by the said governor and company in discharge of such an-toitFeb.,771, * ' nuities

inclusive.

sums to be issued to the bank, out of the supplies granted this session, viz. Qn or before as Feb. 1771* s, 500,0001.

raised by act 09 Geo. * and redeem-

annuities$

and so much out of the sinking fund.

{jOOQ le

iy6$>] Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 36. 309

nuities accordingly, at the same time that the respedUve prin- to cipal monies, composing the said sum of one million five hun- the fame ac* dred thousand pounds, shall be paid and satished $ and that cordingly, all such annuities in respelb of, or attending on the fame, shall anc[ annuities cease and be extinguished, from the said twelfth day of Fe- to cease. fouary, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- ^nnujties to thority aforesaid. That if all or any part of the said principal be^aid up to monies, composing the said fun^ of one million five hundred the day ap-thousand pounds capital and joint (lock hereby intended to be pointed for the redeemed, shall be paid and satisfied at the bank of England be- m?tl0ft fore the said twelfth day of February, one thousand seven hun- erco * dred and seventy-one, the said governor and company shall p.otwithstanding the fame pay, and they are hereby impowered to pay, in respe6t of the principal monies so discharged, the full sum which the said annuities attending the fame would have amounted to on the said twelfth day of , one

thousand seven hundred and seventy-onej any thing herein, or in any other act contained to the contrary notwithstand-'

*ng.

V* Provided always, and be it further enabled and declar- This act not ed by the authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained to extend to shall be deemed or construed to extend to any the annuities the annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum attending at*«nding *he on the sum of five hundred th&ufand pounds, being the refi- ^000,000!.* due of the said sum of two millions, raised by the said act raised by act made in the twenty-ninth year of his late Majesty, and there- *9 Geo.*. &c« by added to the joint dock of annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annumy transferrable at the bank of

England, and not hereby intended to be redeemed; but that the fame shall continue subject to a redemption by parliament,

-and charged and chargeable upon the said Sinking Fund; and shall be paid thereout in such manner as the fame is now charged and payable, as if this act had never been made $ any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstand-

ing.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the autho- No membe

rity aforesaid. That the said governor and company, or any of^^bantfto member thereof, shall not incur any disability or penalty for or incur any by reason of his or their doing any matter or thing in pur- disability in fuance of this act. respectofthis

VII. And be it further ena6ted by the authority aforesaid,act*

That if any person or persons shall, at anytime or times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or or any matter or

thing therein contained ; such person or persons shall and may General issue. plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his and their defence: and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff, or plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their action, hr be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him or them upon demurrer or other-

wife

6

jio Anno decimo GEORGll III. 0.37. [1769.

Treble costt. > then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs

to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for continuing so much of an act made in the third year of his present M , , An act to

continue and amend two acts made in the twenty-first and twenty-eighth years of his late Majesty *s reign* for encouraging the making of indico in the plantations in America ; and for extending the provisions of an act of the thirtieth year of his late Majesty's reign, with respect to bringing prize goods into this kingdom, to Span prize goods taken since the late declaration of War with Spain> as relates to en-, tour aging the making of Indico in the British plantations

in America ; and for explaining so much of an act made in the fifth year of his present , as relates

to the regulating the fees of the officers of the customs in America; and for extending the fame to the naval officers there.

Preamble. TTTHERE A S the law for encouraging the making of indico V V in the British plantations in America, is found to be very useful and beneficial to the publick, and is so near , that it

is fit it Should be continued$ be it therefore enacted by the King's mod: excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lord9 spiritufel and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the Act t\ Geo.*, feme. That an act made in the twenty-first year of the reign of for encourag- his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for ing themak- encouraging the making of indico in the British plantations in Ame-inAmericaC° r*ca> which was to continue in force for seven years from the m m r a, twenty-fifth day of Marchy one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and from thence to the end of the then next session which was parliament; and which, by another act of the twenty-continued by eighth year of his said late Majesty's reign, is further con-several subse- tinued from the twenty-fifth day of Afarch9 one thousand seven quentacts, hundred and fifty-six, until the twenty-fifth day of March9 one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament 5 and which, by another act made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to continue and amend two acts made in the twenty first and twenty-eighth years of reigny

for encouraging the making of indico in the British plantations in America; and for extending the provifons of an act of the thirtieth year of his late Majestfs reign9 with respect to bringing prize good) into this kingdom, to Spanish prize goods taken since the late declaration of war with Spain, is further continued,

from

1769.] Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 37; % 11

from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-fifth day of March % one thousand seven hundred and seventy, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; shall be, and the fame, together with all the provisions, regulations, restrictions, powers, and clauses tnentioned in the said last recited act of the third year of his present Majesty, so far as they relate to encou-raging or concern the making of indico in the British plantations in America, is hereby further continued from the expiration further conth thereof, until the twenty-fifth day of M, one thousand seven nued to *5 hundred and seventy-seven, and from thence to the end of theMdrch 17779 the then next session of parliament* 1

II. And whereas by an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of Ad 5 Geo. j. his present Majesty, intituled, An act for more effectually securing

and encouraging the trade of his Majesty's American dominions j for repealing the inland duty on coffee, imposed by an act made in the thirty-second year of his late majesty King George the second; and for granting an inland duty on all coffee imported (except coffee of the growth of the British dominions in - ' ricay) for altering the bounties and drawbacks upon sugars exported; for repealing part of an act made in the twenty-third year of his said late Majesty, whereby bar iron, made in the said dominions, was prohibited to be exported from Great tain, or carried coastwise; and for regulating the fees of the officers of the customs in the said dominions; in order to prevent any disputes concerning what fees the officers of his Majesty's customs in the British colonies and plantations in America may be intitled to for making entries or other bufenefs done by them in the execution of their employments, it is enabled, that until time as the fame shall

be otherwise settled by the authority of parliame, shall and may be

lawful for all and every collector, and other officer of his customs in any British colony or, plantation in America, to demand and receive such fees as they and their predecessors were intitled to demand and receive, on or before the twenty-ninth day of September, one

thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, provided the fees so taken are not contrary to the express dire ft ion of any act of parliament made in Great Britain; any law, bye-law, or other act of , made in

the said plantations, to the contrary notwithstanding: and whereas

there have lately arisen, in feme of the ports of America, disputes whether the officers of the customs were intitled to demand and receive such fees as were usually taken by them and their predeceJJ'ors before the said twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and -ty-four; and the naval officers not having been included in the said - After 1 AuS* cited aftydifputes have arisen concerning the fees of feme of officers of the

naval officers; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from customSs> and and after the first day of August,one thousand seven hundred and naval officers seventy, for and during the term of two years, and from thence i» the British to the end of the then next session of parliament, unless the fame colonies, may, shall be sooner settled by the authority of parliament, every col-d^m^and^uch lector, comptroller, and other officer of his Majesty's customs, fees as were and every naval officer in the said British colonies, shall be usually paid deemed to be intitled to, and shall smd may lawfully demand before *9 Seyt and receive such fees, as they and their predecefiors respectively17 **

. V oi,XXVIII, Y wer*

312

Anno declmo Georgii III. c. 33. [1769.

tfere and had been generally and usually accustomed to demand, take, and receive, before the said twenty-ninth day of September, one thoiifahd seven hundred and sixty-four; and shall have like remedy for the fame according to the true intent and meaning of the said recited act; any law, bye-law, or. other act of assembly made in the said plantations, to the contrary notwithstanding, and if any such collector, comptroller, or other officer of his Majesty's customs, or naval officer, in , shall ex-

penalty on aft, require, or receive any greater or other fees than such as are exacting herein before allowed to be taken^ he shall, for the first offence, greater tees. forfelt the sum of fifty pounds; one moiety of which penalty thereof to ^1S ^ajesty, his heirs, and successors, and the other

moiety to the person or persons aggrieved thereby, who shall sue for the fame in the proper court in such colony or plantation ; and for the second offence, he shall forfeit his place or office, and be for ever after incapable of executing any office or employment in the customs or navy.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for continuing the bounties on British and Irish linens exported *, for further discontinuing the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax \ and for granting a bounty on the exportation ^British checked and Jlriped linens, and upon British and Irish diapers. Huckabacks, Jheeting, and other linen of above a certain breadth.

Preamble, re- XT WHEREAS by an act pofjed in the twenty-ninth year of his ating aft *9 \\fate majesty King George the second, intituled, An act for t»e°. ». granting a bounty upon certain species of and Irish linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign Taw linen yarns made of flax, is that there

he given and paid, without atty , reward, or

a bounty for every yard of British or Irish linens made of hemp, or flax, and of the breadth of twenty-five inches or more, under the value of five-pence per yard, the sum of one halfpenny; and of the value of five-pence per yard, and under the value of six-pence per yard, the sum of one-penny, and of the value of six-pence per and not ex-

ceeding the value of eighteen-pence per yard, the sum of one penny halfpenny; which, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, ■one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, and within the term of fif-

teen years, to commence from the said twenty-fourth day of June, or at any time thereafter before the end of the then next session of

liament,Jballbe exported out of Great Britain to Africa, America, Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, the island of Minorca, or to the East Indies: and it is further enacted, that from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, no fubficuflom, , duty, or other impo-fitton whatsoever, Should be demanded, , received, or

on any raw or brown linen yarn made of flax, and known by themames of Dutch yarn and French yarn, and of spruce or Mufcovia yarn,

or any other foreign raw or brown linen yarns made of flax, which shall be imported into this kingdom; but that all such linen yarns shall and may be imported duty free for the of fifteen years from the

- said

1759*] Anno decimo GeoAgiI III. 38. 3*3

said twenty-fourth day of June, or at any time thereafter before the end of the then next Jejfton of parliament; any former or

act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding and whereas the manufacture of linen would beftillfurther and the exportation thereof to foreign parts be preserved and corifiderobly ,if

the bounties by the said act granted, and herein before were conti-

nued^ and the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax taken off for afurther term ofyears,and if a bounty was allowed on, the exportation of all British checked and striped linen of a certain value : may it thereforepleafeyour Majesty that it may be and be it

enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the adr vice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com-010ns, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho- Act. 19. Gee. rity of the fame. That the said act of the twenty^ninth of his ? f<JTgra.nt~ late majesty King George the second, intituled, An act for - on^x^itadon ing a bounty upon certain species 0/British and Irish , of certain li-

and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns liens, &c. made offlax, and the bounties thereby allowed; and the taking off the duties on the importation of the foreign raw linen yarns made 1

shall be, and the fame are hereby continued, under all the clan- farther con tiles, conditions, and limitations of the said act, until the twen- nued till *4. ty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seven-June» *77* t ty-eight, and from thence to the end of the then next section efceEiikhcthL parliament, except in so far as the fame are altered and extend- ^ w

ed by this present act in manner as herein after mentioned; any thing in the herein before recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That bounty on

there shall be given and paid, without any fee, reward, or de- certain British duftion whatsoever, a bounty for every yard of checked ^iped linens

or striped linen of the breadth of twenty-five inches or more exported j and not exceeding one shilling and sixpence and not under fe-ven-pence in value per yard the sum of one halfpenny, wh^cb,

from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and within the term of seven years, to commence from the said twenty-fourth day of June last mentioned, and from thence to continue to the end of the then next session of parliament immediately following the expiration of the said additional term of (even years, shall be exported out of Great Britain to Africa, America, Spain, Portugal, , the island

of Minorca, or the East Indies; in the same manner, and upder subject to the the like provisions, conditions, and limitations, as the herein be- provisions of fore recited bounties were allowed by the said act of the twen- aft *9 Geo. u ty-ninth year of his late Majesty, and continued under this pre-(ent aft.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That linen of above if, upon view and examination by the proper officers of the cuf ”6* Rer toms it shall appear, that all or any piece or pieces of checked fftfeftoboun-and striped linen, which shall be entered for exportation as in - ty,

titled to the bounty hereby granted, is or are of a greater value than one Shilling and sixpence per yard; then, and in such case and cases respectively, it shall be in the power of the officers of ihefamel Y a *h«

L.

3*4

on paying id. per yard above estimated value, &c.

A bounty of id. *q. per square yard allowed upon exportation of diaper. of Bririftior Irish manufacture, not exceeding is. 6d. per yard in value.

Preamble.

Justices at general or quarter- sessions next after 29 Sept, yearly,

to order week-ly returns to be made of the prices of wheat, rye, barley, oats, beans, and big,

Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 39.' [1769#

the customs to take the said checked and striped linen, on paying to the exporter or feller the value of one penny yard over and above the estimated value thereof; in the same manner, and subject to the like dispositions and conditions, as by the said before recited act are provided in the case of linen entered for exportation as intitled to the bounty, which, on view and examination, shall appear to the officers to be of greater value than one shilling and iixpence per yard.

IV. And whereas diapers, huckabacks, , and other species .

of linen, upwards of one yard English in , though of no finer

or better fabrick or quality than linen of an ordinary breadth which are intitled to the bounty by the said act , are not intitled to the : said bounty if above the value of eighteen pence per yard: and whereas it would he of greater benefit to the manufacture huckabacks, Jheeting, and other species of linen that a bounty be

granted by the square yard upon the exportation of the fame to any of the places mentioned in the said recited \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for and upon every square yard of the species of goods aforesaid, being; of the manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland, and not exceeding one shilling and six-pence the square yard in vajue, a bounty of one penny halfpenny upon every such square yard, and so in proportion for any quantity exceeding a square yard, shall be allowed upon the exportation thereof respectively, for such time, and induch manner, and under and subject to the like conditions, reftriCtions* and limitations, as are prescribed by the said recited act of the twenty-ninth year of his said late majesty's reign, and continued by this present act. '■

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for registering the prices at which com in the

several counties of Great Britain, and the quantity exported and imported.

WHEREAS a register of the prices at which corn is fold in the several counties of Great Britain, will be of publick and general advantage ;may it please your Majesty, that it may be enabled j and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the justices of the peace for each county, riding, division, and stewartry within Great Britain, shall, and they are hereby required, at their general or quarter-sessions, to be held next after the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventy, and so in every succeeding year during the continuance of this act, at theii; general or quarter-sessions to be held next after the twenty-ninth day of September, to order and direCt returns to be made weekly of the prices of wheat, rye, barley, oats, and beans, from such and so many market-towns within such respective counties, ridings, divisions, and stewartries, as they shall think proper, not being less than two, nor more than fix market-towns within any counity, riding, or division, in that part of Great Britain called

C^

i 7^9*] Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 39 315

land; and in that part of Great Britain called , the pri- ^om not hfs

ces also of that grain called Bear or Bi; and shall and may also J^re than 6 dire<5t and appoint a proper person, being an inhabitant of such markets $ market-town, to make such returns from every such market-and to appoint town respectively to the person to be appointed in manner here- a person to in after directed to receive the fame 5 and in case the person ap- uch re-pointed by the justices as aforesaid shall die, neglect his duty, or Onhisneglect, become incapable of performing it, any two justices of the peace See. two julti-acting for the county, riding, division, or stewartry, shall and ces may ap-may appoint a fit person to make such returns, until the next general or quarter-section of the peace to be hoi den for such coun- neXt general ty, riding, division, orftewartryj and the justices of the peace or quarter-at such next general or quarter-sessions, shall and may ratify and sessions. confirm such appointment, or appoint some other person to make such returns until the next general or quarter-sessions to be held after the twenty-ninth day of September.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Meal weigh-the meal-weighers of the city of London for the time being, shall ers of London take an account of the prices at which wheat, rye, barley, oats,to a and beans are sold at the markets within the said city, and return of the^average the average prices weekly to the person to be appointed to re- prices, ceive the fame.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Justices neg-

in case any of the said justices of the peace shall refuse or neglect £'n

to appoint a proper person to make such returns as aforesaid, to make the then the lord high treasurer, or the commisioners of the treasury return,

for the time being shall, and they are hereby required to appoint treafuryto ap-such person or persons, as they shall think proper, to make such point onej &c* returns from such respective places; who shall be paid in the manner directed*by this act, until the respective justices of the peace, at their general or quarter-sessions next after the twenty-ninth day of September, shall appoint a proper person for that purpose, .

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That tobe U~ the justices of the peace for each county, riding, division, and provided, &c. stewartry, shall cause a standard Winchester bushel of eight gallons

Jo be provided and kept at each market-town, from whence such returns shall be directed to be made; and such returns shall be the average prices of wheat, rye, barley, oats, beans, and bear or big, by the customary measure of each respective market; and also the average prices by the said standard or IVtnchester bushel.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That -^r^”tsu^ask* every person making such returns (except from the city of - paid out

don)shall be intitled to, and shall receive such sum or sums of of county money for his care and trouble therein, as the justices of the rates, peace so assembled as aforesaid shall respectively order and direct, not exceeding two shillings for each return, to be paid quarterly out of the publick rates for each county, riding, division, or stewartry; which sum and sums of money the treasurer of such county, riding, division, or stewartry, is hereby authorised and required to pay out of the publick stock of such county, riding,

Y 3 division.

3*6

who is to enter them in a book, and publith them, or ab

Anno decimo Georgii III. c, tl 7&9+

division, or stewartry, upon receiving a certificate from the person authorised to receive such returns, that the fame have beeh made according to the directions of this act, and upon the ke-ceipt of duplicates of such returns; which duplicates, the per-Duplicates of fons making the same are hereby required to deliver or transmit |e'dThf *° ^ t0c^erK of ^e peace or his deputy for each respective coun-Justices 4.C ty? r*d*ng> division, or stewartry, four times in every year, to be times a year, laid before the justices of the peace at their next general or quar-ter-sessions assembled. treasury toap- VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, TTiat point a person the lord high treasurer or the commisioners of his majesty's trea-to receive re- fury for the time being shall, from time to time, appoint a fit turn? there* person to receive such returns at the treasury (the first appointment to be made before the first day of ', one thousand seven hundred and seventy, and published eight times at the least in the London Gazette y) and such person shall, and is hereby required'to enter, or cause such returns to be entered fairly in a book or books to bfe kept for that purpose; and once in every week to cause the fame, or an abstract thereof, in the manner and ftra'fts thereof, form that shall be approved of by the lord high treasurer, dr any weekly, in the three commisioners of his Majesty*s treasury for the time be-London Ga- ing, to be published in the London Gazette; and shall also four andHkewife t^mes *n every year transmit a certificate to the clerk of the peace 4timesayear, for each respective county, riding, division, and stewartry, and certify to the to the court of mayor and aldermen of the city of , of

clerks of the the returns which have been made by the several persons ap-re^urns^'ade* Pointe^ to ma^e the fame within such county, riding, division, from their re- or stewartry; and also whether the fame were regularly made ipeftive coun* according to the directions of this act.,

ties, &c. VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

pointe/bv That the Person appointed to receive the said returns at the the treasury, treasury, shall receive and fend all his letters and packet* free exempted from the duty of postage, in the same manner, and under such from postage. restrictions, as any person or persons appointed by the lord high treasurer, or commisioners of the treasury for that purpose, now send and receive the fame in pursuance of an act made in the Act 4 Geo. 3. fourth year of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for -» ing frauds and abuses in relation to the sending and receiving letters and packets free from the duty of pojlage\ any law or Statute to Account of the contrary notwithstanding.

con?exported VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

BnTimpmted, That the lord high treasurer, or the commisioners of the trea-and of boun- fury for the time being shall, and they are hereby required toor-ties and du- der and direct, that an account of the quantities of aH corn and received to^ £rain exPorted and imported from and into Great , toge-

beTranfmitted l^er with an account of all bounties and duties paid and receiv-annuaiiv by ed thereon, be transmitted annually by the commisioners of the commission- customs in England and Scotland respectively, and be registered 5rSp f customs jn proper books to be kept for that purpose by the person ap-and Scotland, pointed to receive the returns of the prices from "the several coun-Entries to be ties as aforesaid.

made thereof. IX. And

^.

Anno dacimo Georgii III, e. 40. 317

IX. And be it further enacted, That this a# shall have conti- A# to continuance from the passing thereof, for and during the term of fe- nuem force ■ven years, and from thence to the end of the then next session 7 years* of parliament.

CAP. XL.

jtn act for appropriating a fur\A> established an act made

in the seventh year of the reign of bi \ -

titukd % An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on certain foreign linens imported into this kingdom, and for establishing a fund for the encouraging of the railing and dressing of hemp and flax.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the seventh year of the reign Preamble reef his present Majesty, intituled, An act for granting to his dt»ng aft 7

Majesty additional duties on certain foreign linens imported in- eo* to this kingdom, and for establishing a fund for the encouraging of the railing and dressing of hemp and flax, it is , that a . sum not exceeding fifteen thousand pounds per annum, from

the duties by the fata aft granted., shall be kept apart in the receipt of his Mqjeflfs exchequer) as a fund for the encouragement of

and dr effing hemp and flax in this kingdom, in such way and manner fls the parliament Should thereafter dir eft: and whereas such direction is now become requisite for answering the salutary purposes of the said act: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enact-<ed; and be it enacted by the King's moil excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it shall and may be lawful P18 Majesty to and for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, from time to jTiSft^thedif-time, and at all times hereafter, by his or their royal sign ma- trunnion of ,nual for that purpose, and countersigned by the commisioners 80001, per an-of his Majesty's treasury, now or for the time being, or any num> &c\ three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, Jheraufngand to direct, order, limit, and appoint, the distribution and pay- hefting of ment of the sum of eight thousand pounds per , from the hemp aa4 commencement of the said act of the seventh of his present Majesty, and annually afterwards, or of eight fifteenth parts of the sum and sums of money which have already grown due and been kept apart, and shall hereafter grow due and be kept apart, for the encouragement of raising and dressing hemp and flax in this kingdom, pursuant to the directions of the said act of the seventh p^r^anLto fof his present Majesty, and every matter and thing necessary for oflft^Geo!^. the appropriation thereof, according to the true intent and meaning of the said herein before recited act, in such ways and manner, and in and by such shares, proportions, and divilions, and under such conditions, restrictions, and limitations, as to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, shall, from time to time as aforesaid, appear to be moil useful and effectual for the encouragement of the raising and dressing hemp and flax within that part of Great Britain called England,

Y4 II.

*

318

Att 13 Geo. i.

Treasury to jfloe warrants for paying 7000I. an* nually, See.

pursuant to act 7 Geo. 3. to the receiver general of the crown rents andcafualties 5n Scotland, towards encouraging hlheries,

Methods pre-icribed by act 13 Geo.

to be followed in the diltri* bution of mor.ey iflTued Under this act.

Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 46. [1769*

II. And whereas, pursuant to powers given by an act passed the

thirteenth year of his maje/ly King George the First > , An

act for encouraging and promoting fisheries, and other manu-faftures and improvements, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, his Majesty has already,by letters patent under the great

stal appointed by the treaty of union to be kept in Scotland plate of the great seal thereof appointed, , and authorised certain

persons to be trustees and commisioners for managing and dir citing the application of the several funds and sums of money in the said act provided and appropriated for the improvement and encouragement of fishery and manufactures in that part of Great Britain called Scotland : and whereas it will be of great publick benefit that so muck of the said fund set apart for the encouragement of the raising and dress-ing of hemp and fiax> as shall he allotted for that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shouldlikewife be put under the management and

direction of the said trustees and comm, and other persons after mentioned:be it therefore further enacted by the authority

aforesaid, That the commisioners of his Majesty's treasury now being, and the high treasurer of Great , and the commis-

fioners of the treasury of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, for the time being, shall, and they are hereby impowered and required to issue their warrants and orders to the proper persons, for making payment of seven thousand pounds from the commencement of the said act of the seventh of his present Majesty, and annually afterwards, or of seven fifteenth parts of the sum and sums ot money which have already grown due and been kept apart, and shall hereafter grow due and be kept apart in the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, for the en* couragemeqt of raising and dressing hemp and flax in this kingdom pursuant to the directions of the said act of the seventh of his present Majesty, as the fame shall severally become due, unto the receiver-general of the crown rents and casualties in ,

without fee or reward, to be by him answered and issued in like manner, without fee or reward, to and by the order of the commisioners and trustees for encouraging and promoting fishings, manufactures, and improvements, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and other persons after named in manner as

herein after mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the fame plan or method, rules, and regulations, whereby the funds appropriated for the improvement of fisheries and manufactures by the said act of the thirteenth of George the First, are ordered to be applied, laid out, and distributed, shall take place, and be followed in the application, laying out, and distribution of the sum and sums of money which shall be issued under the authority of this present act, to and for the encouragement of the railing hemp and flax in that part of Great B'ifain called Scotland, under the direction and management of the said trustees and commisioners, in the same manner, and as effectually, as if the several clauses, powers, provisions, rules, regulations, matters, and tilings, in the said last-mentioned act, respectipg the

'

319

1769.] Anno decimo Georg 11 III. c. 41.

plan, rules, and regulations aforesaid, were repeated, and applied in this present act to the application, laying out, and diftribu-tien of the said sum and sums of money allotted for the encouragement of the raising and dressing of hemp and flax in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

CAP. XLI.

An act to enable the speaker of the house of commons to issue his warrants to make out new writs for the choice of members to serve in parliament, in the room of such members as

/hall die during the recess of parliamen .

WHEREAS many inconveniencies have , and many Preamble,

disorders have been occasioned, for want of more speedy elections of members of the houft of commons, the room of such who have died during the recess of parliament: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the end of the present After the end session of parliament, it shall and may be lawful for the speaker present of the house of commons for the time being, during the recess the speaker of of parliament for more than twenty days, whether by proroga- the house of tien or adjournment, and he is hereby required to issue his war-commons, rants to the clerk of the town to make out new writs for electing ^uanl-§-UgC^rr members of the house of commons, in the room of such members SntsVor makl who shall happen to die during such recess of parliament, so ing out writs soon as such speaker shall have had due notice of the decease of for new elec-such members. t*on8,

II. Provided always, That no such warrant shall be issued by Decease to be the speaker of the house of commons, unless the death of such certified by member shall be certified to him by two members of the house twom«mbersi of commons, by writing under their hands.

III. Provided always, and be it further ena6ted, That the *nd speaker of the house of commons shall forthwith, after the re- jn theLondon ceipt of the certificate of the death of such member, cause no- Gazette, tice thereof to be inserted in the London , and shall not

issue his warrant till fourteen days after the insertion of such notice in the Gazette; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided allb, and be it further enacted, That nothing Speaker not to

herein contained shall extend to authorize the speaker of the "“®

r % % or 1 rant! vinlcls tnc

house of commons for the time being, to issue his warrant to rctum of the

the clerk of the crown to make out a new writ for the electing writ for elec-a member of the house of commons in the room of any mem- tien of deceas-ber deceased, unless the return of the writ, by virtue of which bro^ghuotbe such member deceased was elected, shall have been brought into crow„ office the office of the clerk of the crown, fifteen days at the lead be- 15 days before

the end of the preceding Cefr lion.

fore the end of the session of parliament immediately preceding tl>e death of fpeh member.

. CAP.

$10

Preamble, reciting the several Qualifying acts of

I Geo. i.

t$ Car. s.

25 Car. si

30 Car. a*

2 Geo. 1.

9 Geo. a.

Anno derimo Gnoxon III* c.42; [17^*

CAP. XLII.

An act to indemnify such persons in Great Britain and Ireland, as have omitted to qualify for offices and

employments within the time limited by , and for allow-ingfurther time for that purpose; for allowing further time for regijlering and inrolling agreements entered into for enclosing commons, for the purpose of planting and preserving trees for timber or underwood ; and for -nifyingperfons who have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and follicitors.

WHEREAS divers persons in the kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, who^ on account of their ,

ments, or profejfmsyor any other eause or occofion, ought to have taken

and subscribea the oaths, or the affitrance to be by futh persons taken and subscribed, and by an act made in the first year of the reign of his late ma King George the of

glorious memory, intituled, An for the further security of his

Majest/s person and government, and the succession of the crown in the heirs of the late princess being protestants;

and for extinguiftiing the hopes of the pretended prince of and his open and Jecret abetters 5 or to have qualified themselves according to an act made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled,An act for the well governing and

regulating corporations; or to have qualified themselves according to another act made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King Charts the Second, intituled,An act for preventing the dangers which

may happen from popish recusants, by receiving the sacrament of the Lord*s fiupper according to the usage of the church of England, and making and subscribing the declaration again ft therein mentioned; or according to another act made in the thirtieth year of the reign of King Charles the > , An act for

the more effectual preserving the-King's person and government, by disabling papists from fitting in either house of parliament; vr according to an act made in the kingdom of Ireland, in the year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, , An a<5l to

prevent the further growth of popery; or according to another act made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George First, intituled, An act for granting the people called , such

forms of affirmation or declaration as may remove the difficulties which many of them lie under; or according to another act made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled', An act for indemnifying persons who have

omitted to qualify themselves for offices within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose; and for amending so much of an act passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, as requires persons to qualify themselves for offices before the end of the next term or quarter sessions; and also for enlarging the time limited by law for making

v^

32I

1769J] Anno declmo Georgii 111, c. 42,

ing and subscribing the declaration against transubstantiation 5 and for allowing a further time for inrolment of deeds and wills tnade by papists; and for relief of protestant purchasers, devisees, and lefiees; or according to another act made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the , ,Geo. s.

An act to amend and render more effectual an act passed in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled. ail for the further qualification of justices of the peace 5 or according to another ail made in thesecond year of the reign of his present Majesty > , * Geo* 3*

An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament,

the several laws now in being relating to the railing and training

the militia within that part of Great Britain called j or

according to another ail made in the sixth year of the reign of his pre~ ancj $ Geo. 3*

sent Majesty, intituled, An act for altering the oath of abjuration

and the assurance; and for amending so much of an act made

in the seventh year of her late majesty Queen intituled.

An act for the improvement of the union of the two , as,

after the time therein limited, requires the delivery of certain lifts and copies therein mentioned to persons indilted of high, treason, or misprision of treason; have^ through ignorance of the law, absence, or some unavoidable accident, omitted to take ana -

feribe the said oaths and assurance, and make and subscribe the decla-

ration required by law, or otherwise to qualify themselves as said, within such time, and in fitch manne, as in and by the said

acts respeilively, or by any other act of parliament in that behalf made is required; whereby they have incurr, or may be in danger of incurring, divers penalties and disabilties: for quieting the minds

of his Majesty* s subjects in Great Britain Ireland, and for preventing any tnconveniencies that might otherwise happen by means of such omissions; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all and every persons who person or persons respellively in Great Britain and , who, at, or before

at or before the passing of this all, hath, or shall have, omitted the parting of to take and subscribe the faid1 oaths and declarations, or to receive the sacrament of the Lord's supper,or otherwise to qualify him, qualify them-her, or themselves, within such time, and in such manner, as fcives for of-in and by the said alls, or any of them, or by any other all of fices and em-parliament in that behalf made in Great Britain and Ireland re- a*

fpeHively is required; and who, after accepting any such office, l~

place, or employment, or undertaking any profession or thing, on account of which such qualification ought to have been had and is required, before the parting of this all, hath or have taken and subscribed the said oaths, or made the declarations required by law, and also received the sacrament of the Lord's supper, according to the usage of the church of England; or who, on and who fh»!l or before the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven qualify

hundred and seventy, shall take and subscribe the said oaths, ©/before^s0 declarations, and a durance respellively, in such cases wherein Dec. 1770,5 by law the said oaths, declarations, and assurance, ought to have been taken or subscribed, in such manner and form, and at or 4 &

322

are indemnified for any such previous omission,

and recapacitated j

and all elections, and acts done, or to be done,by them, &c. are declared to be as valid, as if they had before duly qualified them-felv,es as. the said several acts direct ;

Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 42.' [1769.

in such place or places, as are appointed in and by the said act made Jn the kingdom of Ireland in the second year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne* or in and by the said act made in the first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, or by any other act or acts of parliament in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, in that behalf made and provided; and also hath or have received, or shall, on or before the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy,

receive the sacrament of the Lord's supper according to the usage of the church of England, in such cases wherein the said sacrament ought to have been received ; and hath or have made and subscribed,or shall, on or before the twenty-fifth day oiDecember ^ one thousand seven hundred and seventy, make and subscribe the said declaration against transubstantiation; and also hath or have made and subscribed,. or ih^l on or before the said twenty-fifth day o iDecember,one thousand seven hundred and seventy, make

and subscribe the said declaration in the said statutemade in the thirtieth year of King Charles the Second, in such cases wherein the said declarations ought to have been made and subscribed; and take and subscribe the oath directed by the said act made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, in such cases wherein the said oath ought to have been taken and subscribed, in such manner as by the said act is directed ; and also being a deputy lieutenant, or officer of the militia, shall, on or before the said twenty-fifth day of ber , one thousand seven hundred and seventy, leave his qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace, with whom he is by the said act, made in the second year of his present Majesty's reign,*required to leave the fame; thall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and disabilities, incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reason of any neglect or omission, previous ' to the passing of this act, of taking or subscribing the said oaths or assurance, or receiving the sacrament, or making or subscribing the said declarations, or taking or subscribing the said oath, or leaving his qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace respectively, according to the above-mentioned acts, or any of them, or any other act or acts ; and such person and persons is and are, and shall be, fully and actually recapacitated and re-r stored to the fame state and condition as he, (he, or they, were in before such neglect or omission, and shall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her, or themselves, according to the above-mentioned acts, and every of them ; and that all elections of, and acts done, or to be done, by any such person or persons, or by authority derived from him, her, or them, are and shall be of the fame force and validity as the fame, or any of them, would have been, if such person or persons respectively had taken the said oaths or aifurance, and received the sacrament of the Lord's supper, and made and subscribed the said declarations, and taken and subscribed the said oath, and left his qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace, according to the- direction of the said acts, and every or any of

jthem;

1769.3 Anno decimo Georgii IIT. c.42. 323

them ; and that the qualification of such person or persons qualifying themselves in manner, and within the time, appointed by this act, shall be, to all intents and purposes, as effectual, as if such person or persons had respectively taken the said oaths and assurance, and received the sacrament, and made and fub-scribed the said declaration, and taken and subscribed the said. oath, and left his qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace, within the time, and in the manner, appointed by the several acts before-mentioned, or by any other thing therein to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein con- except in such

tained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to indemr -WjCre nify any person against whom final judgement shall have been ment hash*' given in any action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any been given in of his Majesty's courts of record in Great Britain or Ireland re^ any court for spectively, for any penalty incurred by having neglected to quar tbepenaltyin-lity himself within the time, limited by law. focTomlom

III. Provided also, That this act, or any thing herein con* offices &c> tained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to restore already avoid-or intitle any person or persons to any office or employment, ed by judge-benefice, matter, or thing whatsoever already actually avoided by ment o{ * « judgement of any of his Majesty's courts of record in Great

tain ox Ireland respectively, or already legally filled up and enjoyed, Upt confirmed,

by any other person, but that such office, employment, benefice,

matter , or thing, so avoided, or legally filled up and enjoyed,

shall be and remain in and to the person or persons who is or

are now, or shall at the passing of this act be legally intitled to

the fame, as if this act had never been made.

IV. And whereas by an act made in the twenty-ninth year of the Ad *9 Geo.a.

reign of his late majesty King George the , An act

for inclosing, by the mutual consent of the lords and tenants, part of any common, for the purpose of planting and preserving trees fit for timber or underwood ; and for the more effectually preventing the unlawful destruction of trees, is, among other

things, enabled. That it shall and may be lawful to and for his -

jessy, his heirs and successors, and all other owners of ,

and pajlures, in that part of Great Britain called England, wherein

any person or persons, or body or bodies politick or corporate hath,or have a right of common or pajlure, by and with the assent of the major . part in number and value of the owners and occupiers of tenements, to which the said right of common or pajlure doth belong', and to and for the major part in number and value of the owners and occupiers of such tenements, by and with the assent of the owner or owners of the said wajles, woods, and pajlures j and to and for any other person or persons, or body politick or corporate, by and with the assent and grant of the owner or owners of such wajles, woods, and pajlures, and the jort part in number and value of the owners and occupiers of fuels

tenements,to inclose and keep, in severalty,for the growth and

servation of timber or underwood, any part of such wajles, woods, and pajlures, for such time, and in such manner, and upon such conditions, as shall be agreed by them respectively; and it is by the 7 said

324 Anno decimoGEORGII III. C.42r [ 176^.

said act provided, that the recompence be paid to any such owner or

owners of such wafies, woods, and pafiures, not having a fee ftmple therein, or being dtfabled or refrained from alienating the shall \

be either by a grant of a Share of the profit which from time J to time,arise from the sale of the timber or underwood growing on ►the ground or foil so inclosed,or by a grant of other kinds y tenements, or hereditaments, or of an annuity or issuing

out of the said ground or foil Jo or out of other tene-

ments, or hereditaments ; such equivalent to be held and enjoyed by the owner or owners of such wafies, and and such as

shall be intitled to the fame, or like manner as the estate in such , , or pafiures, is limited

to be held and enjoyed: and whereas it is in and by the said loft receited act farther provided, that every agreement for any such inclosure /bad be mwriting, and signed by the partiesand the fame shall be regis-tered and inrolled by the clerk of the peace for the county, riding, or division, where such wafies, or pafiures, or the greater parr

-gf them, shall lie, within three months next after the execution of such agreement: and whereas by virtue of agreements made, or intended to have been made, pursuant to the said act, and another act made in the thirty-first year of his said late Majestys reign, to amend and r render more effectual the fame, divers parts of such wafies, woods, and pafiures, have been enchfed, and are now kept in Jeveralty, for the growth and preservation of timber or underwood, and at a great axpence have been planted with trees for ornament, or profit;

but the persons making such inclosures have or may have omitted to have their said deeds orinfirumentsof agreement regifiered and inrolled

by the clerk of the peace within three months next after the execution thereof, and in other respects the powers in the said acts may not have been firiftly pursued: be it therefore enacted by the authority a-Agreements foresaid, That every agreement purporting to be made pursuant for lands al- to the said acts for inclpfing of any wafies, woods, or pastures, if re iftcred^ which have been already taken in and inclosed,shall be of the fame ono? before force and validity, and all and every the said inclosures shall Hand *5 Dec. 1770, and be confirmed and established in the same manner, as if such to be valid, agreement had been regifiered and inrolled by the proper plerk of the peace, pursuant to the said act; provided such agreement hath been before the passing of this a#, or shall be, on or before the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, regifiered and inrolled by the clerk of the peace, for the county, riding, or division where such wafies, woods, or pastures, or the greatest part of them, lie.

Persons ag- V. Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful to and for grieved may all persons, or bodies politick or corporate, who think them-appeal to the selves injured or aggrieved by any such agreement not yet re-quarter-fef* giftered and inrolled, and where the lands inclosed in pursuance ? . . thereof have not been already planted with trees as aforesaid,

to make complaint thereof by appeal to the justices of the peace at any quarter-sessions to be held for the fame county, riding, their determi- or division, within six months after any such agreement shall be nation to be regifiered and inrolled in manner as aforesaid; which said justices final. arg

1769-^ Anno dcdmo Georgii lit. c.42. 325

are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine such appeal, and whole determination therein shall be final.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Inclosures al-That where any such inclosure, before the passing of this act, [ea^made f hath been made by any owner or owners of wastes, woods, or wafted&c.° pastures, by and with the assent of the major part in number with assent of and value of the owners of tenements to which a right of com- major part of mon of pasture therein did then belong, or by any other per- owners

son or persons, body politick or corporate, by and with the af-tcnemen 8> sent of the owner or owners of such wastes, woods, and paf-tures, and the major part in number and value of the owners of such tenements; such inclosures shall be deemed and adjudged to be deemed to be as legally made, and are hereby established and confirmed as legal as if in like manner, as if the major part in number and value of major part of the occupiers also of such tenements had thereunto afTented and aifoconsented. agreed. "

VII. And be it further emufted by the authority aforesaid, where own-That where any owner of wastes, woods, or pastures, not hav- ers of wastes, ing an estate in fee-simple therein, hath, before the passing of this n(5>t bav* act, agreed and assented to the making such inclosures of any

part of his said wastes, woods, or pastures, for the purposes a- shall have aforesaid, and the recotnpence to be paid to such owner is by greed to in-grant of fame annuity, but the fame is not in the deed of agree- closure> ment made a charge upon, or eitprefled to be iffaing out or the said ground or foil so indofed, or any other lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as by the said recited act is required; such the recom-annuity so granted shall be deemed and taken to be a relit-charge pence to be issuing out of the said ground or foil so indofed; and the said deei“2*a agreement shall be as good, effectual, and binding, to all in-tents and purposes, as if the fame had been so exprefcly men- the foil. Honed and granted in and by the said deed.

VIII. And whereas many persons have omitted to cause affidavits to

he made, and afterwards to be filed in the proper , of the actual

execution of several contrasts in writing entered into by them to serve as clerks to anomies or follicitors within the time in which the fame aught to have been (lone; and many infants and others may thereby incur i certaindifabilities: for preventing thereof and relieving such per~

fons9 be it enadsed by the authority aforesaid, That every person persons who Who, at the time of passing this act, shall have neglected or have omitted omitted to cause any such affidavit or affidavits as aforesaid to beto make and fttade and filed, and who, on or before the twenty-fifth day of fiie

Dcumbery one thousand seven hundred and sevenry, shall cause Series to ac-° One or more affidavit or affidavits to be made, and afterwards to tornies and be filed in such manner as the fame ought to have been made follicitors, in and filed in due time, shall be, and is hereby indemnified, <|u.e freed, and discharged from and against all penalties, forfeitures, fame*by 25 incapacities, and disabilities, in or by any act or acts of parlia- Dec. 1770, inent mentioned and incurred, or to be incurred, for or by rea- indemnified son of such neglect or omission; and every such affidavit and aSalnft the pe-affidavits so to be made, and which shall be duly filed on ormerlifo* " before the said twenty-fifth day of Decemberx one thousand seven

hun-

v^

326

Persons sued may plead the

General issue.

Treble colls.

Preamble, reciting aft 7 Geo. 3.

Anno decimo Georgji III. c. 43.' [ 1769;

hundred and seventy, shall be as effectual, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame had been made and filed within the respect-ive times the fame ought, by the laws now in being for that purpose, to have been made and filed.

IX. And be itiurther enacted by the authority aforesaid,That in case any action, suit, bill of indictment, or information, shall, from and after the passing of this act, be brought, carried on, or prosecuted against any person or persons herein before meant or intended to be indemnified, recapacitated, or restored, for or on account of any forfeiture, penalty, incapacity, or disability whatsoever, incurred or to be incurred by any such neglect or omission ; or if any action shall be brought against any person or persons for any matter or thing done by virtue or in execution of this act; the defendant or defendants respectively shall and may plead the general issue, and upon their defence give this act, and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon: and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action shall discontinue the fame, or become nonsuit; or if judgement shall be given against such plaintiff; then the defendant or defendants in every such action shall recover treble costs of suit.

CAP. XLIII.

An act for repealing the duties upon bast or

and horsehair hats and bonnetsand upon certain materials for making the same, inported into this kingdom; and for granting other duties in lieu ; and for the more eft

feftual preventing the fraudulent importation of such .

WHEREAS by an act made in the seventh year his Ma-jestys reign, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty

additional duties upon bast or draw, chip, cane, and horsehair hats and bonnets, and upon certain materials for making the same, imported into this kingdom, a new duty of six shillings was laid upon every dozen of bast or straw, , cane, and horsehair hats

and bonnets; and a new duty of six shillings was also laid upon every pound weight avoirdupoize of plattingor other manufacture of bast or fir aw, chip, cane, or horsehair, be used in or proper for making

of hats or bonnets, to be imported into this kingdom, over and above all other duties imposed thereon: and since the laying of the

said new duties, great quantities of the said goods have been -deftinely and fraudulently imported and run into this kingdom, to the diminution of the public revenue, and the discouragement of the fair traders: and whereas bast or straw hats are rated in the book of rates referred to by the.a ft of tonnage and poundage made in the twelfth year of King Charles the Second, and plat, called Bermudas plat, for hats, and /havings for hats, are also rated in the additional book rates referred to by an act-of the eleventh year of the his late

majesty King George the First; but the other articles herein before enumerated, not being rated in either of the said books of rates, or by any other act of parliament, the duties granted by former acts upon such unrated articles, are payable according to tie value sworn to, or ^ affirmed

C^

17S9.J Ann^aectmb G£oRGii IIL c; 327

affirmed by, the importers; which by experience has been found to be very unequal, from the various values fixed by the importers on the

fame species of goods: notv, for remedy thereof, and to put trade upon a more equal foot,may it please your Majesty, that it may be enafied; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the.authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty- After 14. June,, fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, 1770, the dlithe said new duties imposed by the said recited a&of the seventh here mea-year of his Majesty's reign as aforesaid, and all other rates and . rcPea1-duties now payable by virtue of any other act or a<5ts of parlia- * ment, upon bast or straw, chip, cane, and horsehair hats or bonnets, and upon platting, or other manufactures of bast or straw, chip, cane, and horsehair, to be used in or proper for making of hats or bonnets, imported into this kingdom, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable for the fame.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,That and old sub-

in lieu of the said former rates and duties repealed by this act, fidyt®.be all bast or straw, chip, cane, and horsehair hats and bonnets, '

which, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one ing> vj2. thousand seven hundred and seventy, (nail be imported or brought

into this kingdom, shall be rated to and pay the old subsidy granted by the act of tonnage and poundage made in the twelfth for hats or year of the reign of King Charles the Second, according to the bonnet* not rates and values of twelve shillings and six-pence for every dozen, ^cbesdwme-each hat or bonnet not exceeding twenty-two inches in diame- ter, i*s. 6d/ ter; and one pound five shillings for every dozen of such hats, per doz. or bonnets as shall exceed twenty-two inches in diameter each 5 *nd, exceed-and all platting, or other manufactures of bast or straw, chip, l^eter^l « t# cane, or horsehair, to be used in or proper for making of per doz. 5 * bats or bonnets, which, from and after the said twenty-fourth and for plat-day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, shall be ting,&c. 6 s. so imported or brought into this kingdom, shall be rated to, and pay the said old subsidy, according to the rate and value of fix ?,vo r p * shillings and eight pence for every pound weight avoirdupois and after those rates, for any greater or less quantity of such goods respectively.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Goods herein in all cases where any of the said goods herein before enumerat- before enu-' ed were] before the making this act, subject or liable to the merated» payment of the further subsidy, one third subsidy, two thirds ' subsidy, the,additional impost, the additional duty on French

good?* the subsidy one thousand seven hundred and forty-seven, or any of them, according to the respective values fet thereon for the said old subsidy, or in proportion thereto j the fame to pay proper* shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one tionably ao thousand seven hundred and seventy, be paid proportionably, cording to according to the particular rate or value herein before respect- bVfore iS** jvely fet thereon for the old subsidy, and not according to any thereon for * Vol. XXVIII. Z > former old subsidy.

328 Anpo decimo GioEGti llh 43; £1769 %

former rate or value; any thing in any other act to the con* trary notwithstanding.

Duties, See. to XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, a* (Sre&idbv^at ^ ^ever*l subsidies, impositions, and duties, upon the

the act* whidi goods herein before mentioned, shall be r^ifed, levied, col-granted the lested, paid, and applied^ in such manner and form, and by lame j such ways and means, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such difeounts, allowances, and drawbacks, as are mentioned and expressed in the several acts of parliament which and the pow- granted or continued the fame respectively: and all powers, pe-P^.1: nalties, provisions, articles, and daufes, therein contained, shall afts°extended continue in full force and effect, and shall be applied, practised, to this act. and executed, for the railing, levying, collecting, paying, and applying the said respective subsidies, impositions, and other duties, according to the true intent and meaning of this present act, as fully and effectually, to ail intents and purposes, as if the said daufes, matters, and things, had been repeated and enacted in the body of this present act.

(Enumerated V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the good* now re. authority aforesaid, That such of the goods herein before enu-maining in the merated, as shall be now remaining in any warehouse under the houses under King's locks, where the said goods were lodged immediately up-proviso in aft on landing, in pursuance of the proviso for that purpose in the 7 Geo. 3. before recited act made in the seventh year of his Majesty's subject to the reign, shall be subject and liable to the duties and regulations fame regula- herein before mentioned, in the same manner as if the said goods tioT'8 ®s j* im" had been imported after the said twenty-fourth day of June9 *4 June* 1770. one thousand seven hundred and seventy; and upon the owner Ownermak- or proprietor making a pod entry for such goods, and paying, ing a post within the space of three months from the commencement thereof, cf this act, into the hands of the collector of his Majesty's cuf-In 1 months. tonis ^or t^le Port where such goods shall be. secured, so much so much as ' money as, together with the duties before paid upon the impor-will make up tation of such goods, will be equal to the duties imposed by this act thereon, the said goods shall and may be delivered up to him or them to be disposed of as by law they may; but in case such entry shall not be made, and the duties paid as aforesaid, within the said space of three months from and after the-commencement of this act, then it shall and may be lawful for the of such entry6 comm^,oners of his Majesty's customs, or any four or more of and payment, them, to cause the said goods to be brought to any warehouse belonging to his Majesty, and publickly sold by auction to the the fame may best advantage; and after dedufting the charges of such sale, to be sold by apply the produce thereof to the customs and duties herein be-

,auction, fore mentioned; an£ the overplus, if any, to be paid to the

returning the owner or proprietor of such goods 5 any thing in the before-re-overp us. cjtaj tQ the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-*h*a,hiit8 See That from and after the twenty-fourth day of , one xotu> be* C thousand seven hundred and seventy, no bast or draw, chip, cane*

4 W

the duties hereby imposed,'

§oods to be elivered up to him.

17^9-1 Anno ciecimo GEORGtf III* c.43; 32$

or horsehair hats of bonnets, or any platting or Other manufafc- brought into tures herein before mentioned to be used in or proper for making j?11^p?rt of such hats or bonnets, shall be imported or brought into any of London* part of Great Britain, except into the port of London only, upon any pretence whatsoever 3 nor shall any such goods be imported nor thfcre, in or brought into the port of London unless the fame shall be less quantity packed in bales or tubs, each of which bales or tubs shall con-than 75 dozen tain seventy-five dozen of such hats or bonnets, or two hundred ^and twenty-four pounds weight avoirdupois of such platting or wt.

other manufactures at the lead: respectively 5 and in case any of platting, such goods shall be imported or brought into any other port or place within this kingdom, except in the port of , or shall be fopnd-on boarrhany ship or vessel coming or arriving from any foreign parts, either at anchor, or hovering within the limits of any port of this kingdom, or within two leagues of the shore, or shall be discovered to have been within the limits of any such port, and not proceeding on her voyage, wind and weather permitting, unless in case of unavoidable necedity and distress of weather, of which necedity and didrefs the mader, purler,' or other person, having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall give notice to, and make proof of, be-1 fore*the collector or other chief dfficer of the customs of (Uch port as aforesaid, immediately after the arrival of such ship of vessel into the said port; or if any such goods shall be imported or brought into the port of London, in any other form or manner, or in any less quantity or package than is herein before mentioned and allowed; in each and every such case, such goods (b on forfeiture imported, or found on hoard any ship or vessel, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, together with the pack- package< age containing the fame goods, or the value thereof, shall be for*' feited, whether bulk shall then have been broken or not; and also of the

the ship or vessel in which such goods shall be so imported ^ found as aforesaid, with all her tackle, furniture, and apparel,1 tons bur- shall also be forfeited and lod, provided such ship or vessel doth fhen; not exceed the burthen of fifty ton$ ; and such ship, veflfel, or to ye ^role-goods, shall and may be seised and prosecuted by any officer or coted arid dw officers of his Majesty's customs, and, after condemnation, dif- videtf as UU posed of and 'divided in the same manner as other forfeited fy goods, and ships or vessels not exceeding fifty ton's burthen, are direCled to be seised, prosecuted, disposed of, and divided by an act made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, 3 Geo. j« intituled, An act for the further improvement of his Majesty's revenue of customs; and for the encouragement of officers making fcifures; and for the prevention of the clandestine running of goods into any part of his Majcjlfs dominions. * ■. '

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,Limitation That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any per-a&ioo**" son or persons for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, the defendant or defendants in such ' action or suit shall and may plead the general issue, and give this General iflufc act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had

Z 2 there*

33° Anno decimo Georgii IIL C.44. £17^9;

thereupon, and that* the fame was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act: and if afterwards a^verdict shall pass foe the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their a<5tion or 1 prosecution, onjadgement shall be given against him, her, or

them, upon demurrer or otherwise; then such defendant or dc-Treble colls, fendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them, against 1 such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XLIV.

An act for more effectually preventing traders in excifeabfo

commodities from using false weights atid scales; and for explaining and amending everal acts of parliament relate ing to hackney coaches and .

Preamble.

After *4. June

17 70,,trader tiling false weights and scales in weighing his dock, in . fraud of the duties,

forfeits tool.

Offender not to be punished twice for the lame offence.

:ri

WHEREAS everal trader s9subject to the of the of-

ficers attainted by the eommifft of excise, are severally required by the laws concerning the duties under- the management of the said eommifftoners^ to keep juji and scales and ,

at the place or places where they carry on their respective , to be used in taking the account of the flocks of such traders : and

whereas, the penalties in those laws ,have by experience

been found ineffectual^ and not sufficient to refrain the using false

weights and scales, in regard the duties of one weighing oftentimes

amount to more than the forfeiture incurred; whereby some ill-disposed persons have been encouraged to make use of false ^ unjust, and insufficient scales and weights, to the great diminution of the ,

and to the discouragement of the fair trader for remedy whereof may it pleafeyour Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enabled by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if at any time after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy, any trader, subject to the survey of any officer of exdfe, and required by the laws concerning the duties under the management of the commisioners of excise to keep sufficient and jud scales and weights, shall, in the weighing his, her, or their dock or docks, make use of, or cause, or procure, or suffer to be used, any false, unjud, or inefficient scales or weights, to the intent to defraud his Majesty of the duties by the said laws respectively granted;', that then, and in every such case, the party or parties offending, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds for every such offence.

II. Provided always, That such offender, who shall be prosecuted for the penalty by this act given, shall not be again prosecuted for the fame offence by any former act; and that such offender who shall be prosecuted for the penalty given by any former act, shall not be prosecuted again for the fame of-

ience.

'ty6g.] Anno decimo Georgij HI. c. 44.-

fence, by virtue of this present act, or any thing herein contained.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the penalties by this act impoied shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied, and mitigated by any such ways and means and piethods, as any penalty or forfeiture imposed by any of the laws of excise may be sued for, recovered, levied, and mitigated; and that one moiety of such penalties and forfeitures mall be for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and fuc-reffors, and the other moiety for the use of such person or persons that shall inform or sue for the fame.

IV. And whereas, by a elause contained in an act passed in the

seventh year of his present Majtjly's , An act for

altering the stamp duties upon policies of assurance; and for reducing the allowance to be made in refpclt to the prompt payment of the stamp duties on licences for retailing beer, ?le, and other exciseable liquors $ and for explaining and amending several acts of parliament relating to hackney coaches and chairs; it was enabled, that licensed at the

head office of excise in London, which be driven or lett to

hire on private contract within the London and West-

minder, or the suburbs thereof or within the weekly bills of mortality, for any time longer than one , without having the ex-

iifenumber or mark fixed under the foot-board of every such ,

the fame Should be deemed and adjudged a coach driven or let to hire, contrary to the oft therein before mentioned, made in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne; and the person so letting or driving for hire as aforesaid,is made liable to the like , as any per-

son or persons who Should drive or let to hire by the hour,, day, or otherwise, any hackney coach or coach-horses, within the places therein mentioned, without leave or licence from the commisioners for regulating and licensing hackney coaches and chairs, were then by law liable unto: and whereas many incon may arise from putting the said clause Jlriftly into execution; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy, the said qlause (nail be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

. V. And whereas, by another elause contained in the said act passed in the seventh year of his present Majestfs , is enabled, That in every case where any person, for any of the offences mentioned in any law relating to the licensing and regulating of hackney-coaches and chairs, shall be liable to be committed to prison, it Should and might be lawful for the said commisioners, or any three or more of them, either to commit such offender to prison in manner and for the time therein prescribed,or, by warrant under their hands and seals, to commit such offender to his Majesty's workhouse of Bridewell in London, or some other house of correction, there to be kept to bard labour for any time, at the discretion of the said commisioners, not exceeding one month; and aljo to receive the rection of the said house,. if the said commisioners /ball so think Jit tq jBrjer: and whereas a doubt has arisen, whether the said commis-

33

Penalties to be recovered,&c. as by the laws of excise,

and to be applied, half to his Majesty, half to the informer.

Act 7 Geo.

Clause in receited act re* pealed.

33*

Commifli on-

to hard labour, » and the cor

Anno decimo Georgii III. C.44J

Jiohers have ti fifwkr, undkf the'/aid recited chwfe, to of-

fenders to Bridqwell, or any other. of upon such offenders being conviEied before them; which power would be very beneficial in many infiances to the publick: be it therefore

w________ fina<5ted. by the authority' aforesaid, That- from and after the

erVmiiycom- passing of this .a#* itfh^ll and may be lawful for the said commit offender# missioners, or any three or. more of them,, in all cases where i—elv they may now, by law, commit any offender convicted before bLoiidM&c them tp Bridewell or any other house of correction, to commit \ ■* * such offender* for such offence whereof he shall be so contidled

Before them, by warrant under their bands and seals, immediately to his Majesty's said wrkhouse of Bridewell in ,

or Come other house of correction j there to be kept to hard iabour for any time, at the discretion of the said commifli oners, not exceeding one month, and also to receive the correct ion of the region of the- said house, if the said commisioners shall so house. think fit to prder.

Licensed per- VI. And. be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, son refuting ' That from and after the parting of this act, every person li-to appear up- censed by the said commissiomers, or the major part of them# on iummons, carry or let for hire a hackney-chair, who shall neglect or refuie (being duly furntnoned for that purpose) to appear from time to time before the said commisioners in person, or by his or her renter, upon any complaint made, without some reasonable ejfcqfe to be approved of by the said commisioners^ forfeits so $ forevery such offence, forfeit the sum of ten shillings ;

apd if any such person licensed as aforesaid shall negfeCt or re-ami refuting to foie to appear, together with his or her renter, before the said appear, with commisioners upon the third summons,. without such reafqn-hhi *Jnter,on able excuse as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said roons com- c°niniiflioners, or the major part of them,-to hear and deter-mifRoners' -mine, the said complaint, notwithstanding the absence of the may deter- party offending, upon the oath of one,or tpore credibly witness mine com- or witneflfes, and to impose upon such licensed person or fet,and,ll‘ renter the penalty or forfeiture due to such offence. nalty.Ue^ " VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, CommiiCou- That all the offences mentioned in, and intended to be pro-ers or justices vided against by the said recited act, or by this present act, (hal( may dertr. jjnd may be heard and determined, and a I] and every the for-

rni”<! feitures and penalties thereby infiiCled, shall and may be reco-

Bunilhments vere<^ an^ levied,! not only by his Majesty's commisioners for f 1 9 regulating and licensing hackney-coaches and* chairs, or the major part of them, but also by any justice of the peace, mayor, bailiff, or other magistrate of the county, city, or place, wh$re such ‘offence or offences shall be committep, by such ways and means as the penalties and forfeitures in the said oAnnse n>ade *n the ninth year of the reign of Queen , are - * directed to be levied and recovered.

VIII. And whereas great or default bath been made ire

transmittingy to the receiver-general of the revenue arifrng by -pey coaches and chairs> his Majesty's part, of the penalties which

hwr

1769.] Anno dcdmo Georgii III. c.45. 353

havtbcen levied by justices of the peace, $r ether in pursuance >of the several acts and "bye-laws relating to

ney-coaches and chairs: be it therefore enacted by the authority j^s fty.# a fore said, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June part of all pe-one thousand seven hundred and seventy, his Majesty's part of nalties to be all penalties which shall be levied by any justice of the peace, transmitted, tp mayor, bailiff, or other magistrate, in pursuance of this or any J^aYof other act, or any of the bye-laws made relating to hackney- duties, coaches and chairs, shall from time to time be transmitted by him or them to the receiver-general of the said revenues arising by hackney-coaches and chairs, and alib a certificate there- and certificate of to the said commisioners for licensing and regulating the thereof to the fame, within ten days after the levying any such penalty or penalties, upon pain of forfeiting the sum of ten pounds; one IO days, moiety thereof to the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and fuc- on penalty ceftbrs, and the other moiety thereof to him or them that will of J9 ! inform, oy sue forth so tthe fame.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any

perron or persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this adh

the defendant or defendants, in such action or suit shall and

may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special General iffre*

matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that

the fame was done in pursuance, and by the authority of this

act: and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or

defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his

or their action or actions, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall

be given against him, her, or them upon demurrer or other-

wife 5 then* such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs Treble calls.

awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XLV.

An act to prevent the further spreading of the contagious disorder among the horned cattle in Great Britain.

HE REA S by an act made in this session Preamble.

menty intituledy An act for indemnifying all persons with reciting act respect to advising or carrying into execution his Majesty'sof this ^on# orders of council, made for preventing the spreading of a contagious distemper amongst the horned cattle, and for rendering the fame valid and effectual, and for preventing suits in confer uerice thereof, and to authorize the continuing, extending, and executing the fame for a further time, Majesty is powersdy by and with the advice of his privy councily to continue and extend his orders issued in councily bearing date the seventh and fourteenth and twenty-second days of December, the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-niney for preventing the spreading the

said contagion, to all such counties and places in Great Britain, and

all other his Majesty* s dominions thereunto belongingy or any part or farts thereof\ as his Majesty, in his great wifdom3 shall judge most

Z 4

v^

$34 Anno decimo Georgii III. c.45. [1789*

expedient and effectual to prevent the such infettwus

difiemper; and it is also in and by the act that the

continuation of the said powers, and re-

gulations, or any of them, thereby before , be repealed, abridged, or Jbortened, and also that the ar any of them, tfwy be enlarged, altered, and <7/77 other act or

acts to be made in this present fission of parliament: and whereas a contagious difiemper has raged for some continues

to rage amongst the horned cattle in of Europe; from

whence it is apprehended that the fame has and may hereafter^ be brought into the kingdom of Great Britain and ifiands thereto belonging, unless fame effectual means are used for prevention thereof: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by apd with the advicp and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal,'and commons in this present parliament aifembled. His Mvjesty and by the authority of the fame. That it shall and may bo impowered to lawful to and for the King's most excellent iriajcfly, his heirs prohibit the and fucceflTors^ from time to time, as often as he or they shall rapor a onot £n(j it necessary so to do, by his or their royal proclamation, to be issued by and with the advice of his or their privy council, or by his or their order in council, to be published in tho London Gazette, to prohibit generally, or from any particular country or countries, or from the ides of Alderney, Jersey, Guernsey, or any of the islands or dominions belonging to Great Britain, the importation of any cattle, or of any manner of hides or skins, horns or hoofs, or any other part of any cattle or beast, or any hay, draw, litter, fodder, package, or any other things that have been or may be employed about in-felled cattle, or the hides, or any other part of such cattle, or

......... have.been in or near any places where there has been any

where^or near such infedlion, and are liable to retain the fame, into the king-vfhereto, there doms of Great Britain^ or Ireland, or into any of the islands or hasbeen&ny dominions thereto betonging; and also the exportation of any such* cattle or things np aforesaid, from or out of the fame, or any part thereof coastwise, or into any other parts, for such time or times, to be tfrer*in mentioned, and with such powers and authorities to magistrates, constables, inspectors, officers, and others nominated or appointed in that behalf, for (lopping, seising, or destroying jfuch prohibited things upon any such importations and exportations as aforesaid, with like authority in that behalf, as any officer and officers have by any law now ofuncustomed In being in cases of prohibited and upcuflomed goods 5 and

cattle, hides,

from places

in tea ion and like wife to prohibit the exportation thereof coalt-wife,

tinder like powers of jeizure, &c. as in the case

goods, &c.

Personal actons,

commenced for acts done

tinder such rules, orders, and regulations, as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by the advice aforesaid, shall jud^e moil expedient and effectual to prevent ahy contagious difiemper from being brought into these kingdoms, or spread in any part thereof ; any law, Statute, custom or usage to the contrary hotwithstanding,

II. And it is hereby further enabled. That all personaj actions arid fuifs, indidlments, informations, and all profecu-tiens and proceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be

P« %

rty6g.\ Anno dedmo Georgii III. 0,457. 3 35

ieeuted or commenced against any person or persons, for or by ;n obedience reason of any act, matter, or thing, advised, commanded, ap- to orders in pointed, and done by virtue of any order or orders issued by council,vdif-his Majesty in council in relation to the prepiifles, or of anycharSe<1, contrail or agreement not performed by means of or In obedience to such order or orders of couneii, tye, are, and shall be discharged and made void by virtue of this a ; and that if any Defendant in action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted in that part of England may Great Britain called England, against any person or persons for plead the any such act, matter, or thing, so advised, commanded, appointed, or done, or such contract or agreement not performed, he, (he, or they, may plead the general issue, and give General issue* this aand the Special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any action or suit so to be commenced or prosecuted, shall become nonsuit, or forbear further prosecution, or Suffer discontinuance, or if judgement shall be, given upon any verdi<5t or demurrer against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover double costs, anj recover and shall have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant double cotta, or defendants hath or hive in other cases by law; and if any Like inch action, prosecution or suit as aforesaid, shall be com- extended menced or pursued in that part of Great called , to defenders

or in the kingdom of Ireland, the respective court before whomin Scotland ‘ stich action, prosecution or suit shall be commenced or pur- IrelaAd* sued, shall allow to the defender the benefit of the discharge and indemnity hereby provided, and shall further allow to him his double costs of suit in all such cases as aforesaid.

III. Andy for the better preventing the fprending of such - His Majesty session, and putting a flop to the disorder, be it further enacted impowered to by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to orders and for the King's most excellent majesty, his heirs and fuc- conwnine ceffors, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, the removal from time to time to make such provisions, rules, orders and of cattle, regulations, and to vary or repeal the fame, as his Majesty in ... his great wisdom shall judge most expedient and effectual, in Great Britain, Ireland, and all other his Majesty's dominions

thereunto belonging, or any part or parts thereof, for or concerning the driving and removing, or the prohibiting or venting the driving and removing of any cattle infected or not infected with the said distemper, as the occasion may require, from or out of any such county, riding, division, hundred, parish or place, to any fair or market, or to any other such county, hundred, parish or place, as shall for that purpose be specified in such rules, orders or regulations; and for or con- and buying cerning the buying up, seizing, or killing any such cattle for up, and killing the fake of (lopping of preventing infection; and making rea- thereof, sonable satisfaction thereupon to the owner or owners of such and making cattle ; and for prohibiting the sale, disposition or other use of fame any such cattle as shall or may be infe<5ted with the' said anc| pr0hibit-distemper, or of any manner of hides or skins, horns or other ing the sale of

parts of such infelted cattle j and also for destroying such fod- infefted cat- 0 <fcrt hide*, &c.

«

and likewise

subsequent

orders.

Anno"dcciflrio Gboroii III. £1769^

and destroy- der, ^ttcr and ot^cr things as have been used about or breathing fodder, cd upon by any infected cattle; and concerning the washing, &c. cleaning, and otherwise purifying all (tables, out-houses,

™irZm* and other places where any such cattle have been ; and a. *** . * also for the burial of any such beads as shall die of such in-rial, and man- famous distemper, or be killed on account of or for the fake uer of burial, of popping or preventing infe&bo, and every part thereof, ofbeaftsdying^within such time, at such depth under ground, so fattened and of the infec- staked down, and in such manner in all respects as shall be tlon' specified in such orders as aforesaid; any Statute, custom or

usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Orders in ^ whereas the said orders madefy his Majesty in council,

council of 7, bearing date the /event h, the fourteenth, * the twenty-feemd days *4.and **Dcc. of December, one thousand /even hundred and -

*769> firmed as aforesaid^ have been found beneficial; be it therefore en-

acted by the authority aforesaid, That the fame, and all the provisions, powers, and authorities, rules, orders, and regti-except repeal- Jasons therein contained and inserted (except such and so much ed or altered; of them, or any of them respectively as'his Majesty, his heirs and fuccettors, at any time or times, shall, with the advice of his and their privy council, judge proper and expedient to repeal, alter, or vary) shall be in force; and the fame, and ahb all such others, and such variations and additions, and for such further purposes as his Majesty in his great wisdom shall judge npoft expedient and eflfectual to put a (lop to or prevent the rereading of such dittemper, as shall be made by virtue of and* in pursuance. and under the power and authority of this pre* to be obeyed, sent a<5l; shall be observed and obeyed by all his Majesty's fub-on pain of„ je<5ts under the penalty of ten pounds, intti&ed and directed to sbl. for every be levied by this act, for each and every offence committed a* offence- g,inst the fame. 7

Powers given V. And it is hereby further enabled and declared. That all

to magistrates and every the powers and authorities given by the aforesaid or-and officers ders of council, or which shall be given by any subsequent order or orders of council, by virtue of the authority aforesaid, to justices of the peace and other magistrates, and to commisioners of the land tax, inspe£lors, and other officers appointed in that behalf; shall be duly executed) and are hereby established and enacted, and declared to be as good and valid in the law, to all intents and purposes, during the continuance of the said order or orders, and of this act, as if the fame were herein repeated and expresfly enabled.

______ ^ VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the

?77o> persons' twenty-fourth day of June,one thoufamd (even hundred and

who shall pre- seventy, all and every person and persons who shall, by force tratLTrw- or t*lreats> intimidate,‘hinder, or prevent the said justices, from ex- magistrates, commisioners, inspedtors, officers, or other permuting such Tons nominated or appointed in that behalf, from executing the^ said rules, orders, and regulations, or any of them* or from performing their respective duties in relation thereto ; or who shall enter into any agreement, combination, confederacy, af-

so-

by such orders*

declared valid.

After »4jone.

orders,

ot who shall cqter into

LmOOQ le

Anno decimo Geo^gii III. 0.457 $37

fociation, or subscription, to disobey the said order or order; ip combination* Council, or to defeat, hinder, efr‘ prevent the execution there-16 disobey or of, shall forfeit and pay the fotn df fifty pounds ; 'to'be "rcco- defeat the -vered by bill, plaint, suit, or information/'in any of hj$ Ma-£ai”*> .

jetty's courts of record at Westminster9 by any perfori or pirfonstor 150 ' who shall inform and sue for the lame; to go and' be paid, to to the sole use and for the foleufe and benefit of such person or persons re-of the prose-spectively, with full costs of suit. cutor.

* -VII. Andy to the end that all persons whom it may may This act, and

know bow to demean themselves in the he it further e- the orders in

nafted by the authority aforesaid, That this act, and his Ma? council, to be jetty's said orders in council, and such others as shall be made churchesand in pursuance of this present act, shall be publickly read, im- chapelt as his mediately after prayers, on such Sunday in every calendar Majesty shall, month as the mimftef shall think proper, in all such parish appoint s churches, chapels, and other places set apart for divine worship, as his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in council, shall at any time hereafter direct and appoint in that behalf: and that when and as often as his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, and nkewife shall make, any further rules, orders and regulations, or shall subsequent vary or repeal the fame by virtue of or in pursuance of this orders, aft, every such rule, order, regulation, variation, and repeal,

shall be notified and published in such manner as his Majesty shall think proper, and shall be publickly read upon the next Sunday after the receipt of the fame, and on such Sunday in every calendar month as the minister shall think proper, during the timp such rules, orders, regulations, and variations shall continue in force, in such manner as aforesaid, within such counties, ridings, divisions, hundreds, parishes, and places as shall be specified in such rules, orders, regulations, variations, and repeals for that purpose; ahd every such order, rule, re- A& and or-

fulation, variation, and repeal, together with this act, shall be ders to be ~ ept by the minister of every such parish church, chapel, or kept by the place, who shall permit any person redding within his paritti, p,n*fter> chapelry, or place, to read the fame during the time such rule, “is pariflSon-order, or regulation shall continue in force; and the church- ers to read wardens or ehapelwardens of every such parish or place shall the fame, provide a printed copy of this act for the porposes aforesaid, at Church war-the exp«nce of the parish or chaoelry. ' videco^Tof

' VIlI. Atid9 to prevent the distemper the horned cattle this act, at being fpreai^and inereased by tanners and otheri buying the hides parish ex-and shins of infetied beajh9 it is hereby further enacted, ThatPJ?ce* when the justices of the peace at their general quarter session,'tw or at any adjournment thereof, within their respective counties, prohibit the ridings, and divisions, pursuant to and during the continuance holding of of fqch ordqr or orders as aforesaid made in that behalf, shall fairs or mar-prphibit the holding of any fair or fairs, market or markets, for buying and selling of fuchr homed cattle; every tanner,

rawer, or drefleT of hides and skins, shall, before he brings any raw hide or (kin of any bull; ox, cow, calf, fleer, or heifer into his tart yard, workhouse, warehottfc, or place ufec */*'* ' ‘ for

*338 Anno decimo GeorcUi III. C. 45.' fi

Tanner &c. for dressing ror manufacturing of hides or skins, give notice to to give notice the officer of excise of the dijiriCt in which such tan yard or to excise of- dressing place is situated, and whose survey the said tanner, hcer in whose tawer, or dresser of hides shall be under and subjeci to for the tanVyard,d&c t*me being, an.d produce to the said officer a certificate, under is situated, * the hand and seal or hands and seals of one or more justice or and produce justices of the peace, or commissioner or commisioners of the of ^md tax» re<^or or vicar> qualified as herein after mentioned, ju ice, sco,fpCcifying colour of such hide or skin, the name and place

colour oSPthe al30^c ^ owner of such hide or skin, and that upon

skin, and examination on oath of one or more credible person or per-

name and a- fons, it appeared to the person or persons signing and sealing bode of the such certificate, that thp bead from which such hide or skin thaTtiie be ft was ta^en was f°unc^> an€* free from any infeCtion; which cer-it was taken tificate shall, by the said officer, be ehtered into a book to be from was free kept for that purpose: and if any tanner,, tawer, or dresser of from infcc- hides or skins, during the continuance of this act, and of such Officer to n or^€r or or<^ers as aforesaid, and in disobedience to the fame, ter certificate, bring or suffer to be brought into his tan yard or tan pits, Tanner, &c. or other place used for dressing or manufacturing hides or neglcfting, to skins, any such raw hide or skin, or shall tan of dress, or ma-forteit 10I. nufaCture any such raw hide or skin, without giving such notice, and producing such certificate as aforesaid ; every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds; to be recovered, levied, and applied, as the several forfeitures are, by this act, directed to, be recovered, levied, and applied.

JSxcise officer IX. And it is hereby further enacted. That all and every or £ be permit- any of the officers of excise, aCting and employed in any di-ted, on re- (triCt wherein any tan yard, workhouse or warehouse, or place qUSftrt0hnterfor drcffine or ^anuIa<^ur^ng of. hides or skins is situate and tan yard* &c. being, shall an4 *Pay> during the cpntinuance of this act, and * * of such ord^r or orders made as aforesaid by virtue and under

the authority of the fame, at all times, by day or by night (and if in the night, then in the presence of a constable or 0-1 ther officer of the peace) be permitted, upon his or their re-quest, to enter into any such tan yard, workhpufe, warehouse, or place, in order to search for hides and skins fufpeCted to be brought and conveyed into the fame respectively, contrary to and against the tenor and true meaning of this act and of such orders as aforesaid; and then and there to search and examine, or cause to be searched or examined, any tan pit, fat, or other place where any such hide or (kin is fufpeCted to be laid, hid, jo I. penalty Put> or concealed: and if any tanner, tawer, or other person on obifruCting or persons whatsoever, shall obstruct or hinder any such officer him. or officers in the execution of his or their duty, power, or au-

thority given to, veiled in, and required of him and them respectively by this act, and any orders made in pursuance of the fame; every person so offending, and being thereof law-, fully convicted as afprefaidj shall, for every such offeree, for -

* ' * fcjj

1769.I Anno decirtio Georgii III. e.45, 339

-felt and pay the (um of ten pounds 5 to be recovered, applied, . and disposed of in manner herein after mentioned!

X. And whereas it may become necessary to encourage and promote His Majesty

the breeding of cattle, the number being at any time greatly impowered to

by such mortality, be it therefore enacted by the authority afore- Pr°blblt said, That in such case, it shall and may be lawful for his co

jelly, by advice of his privy council, to prohibit and forbid the * killing or slaughtering of cow calves in such counties and places, and in such manner, and at such times, 3$ his Majesty shall judge proper; and all andf every person, offending against on penalty of such order and prohibition, shall forfeit and pay the sum ofiol. ten pounds; to be recovered, levied, and applied, as other forfeitures by this act are to be recovered, levied, and applied.

' XI. And, to prevent any doubts which may arise in the - Removal See, Jlruflion of this ably be it further enacted by the authority afore- of beast contend, That the removal* driving, or sale of every* ox* bull, trary to order, cow, calf, steer, or heifer, "contrary to any such *rule, order, to be deeme£ or regulation, as aforesaid, shall be deemed a distinct and fe- fei^ratC ° * parate offence within the intent and meaning of this act j any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. <■

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Everjr person That all and every the rulesi orders, regulations, and varia- offending a-tiens, to be made by virtue and in pursuance of this a<$l, are gainst any hereby required to be piln&ually observed and obeyed by all his *c* l.° Majesty's subjects; and all and every person and persons whotor wt *° * shall offend against any such rule, order, regulation, or variation, and shall be thereof convi<5ted in Great Britain or f

by his, her, or their own confession, or by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any justice or justices of the peace for any county, riding, division, city, * liberty, or town corporate, where such offence or offences shall be committed (which justice or justices is and are hereby impowered and required to hear and determine the fame, and to examine any witness or witnesses, upon oath, concerning the fame) shall forfeit and lose the sum of ten pounds; one moiety one moiety to thereof to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the informer, the parish where such-offeqce shall be committed; to be leviedtbe other to by the churchwardens, overfeed of the poor, constables, high pe^jJ?rt‘0 constables of the hundred, rape, or wapentake, or ope or by di-more of them, by warrant or warrants under the hand and ftrefc, foal, or under the hands and seals of the justice or justices of the peace who shall convidt such offender, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such offender, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owner thereof; and, for want of such For wantof distress, such offender shall be committed by such justice or ju- distress to be slices to the common gaol or house of correction of such coun- committed for ty, riding, division, city, liberty, or town corporate, there to 3 months, remain for the space of three months, to be reckoned from the day of such commitment; and all and every person and per- persons of-fons who shall offend against any such rule, order* or regula- fendinginany tien, m any other of his Majesty's said dominions, shall be other of his . deemed, Maie^y'* do*

L^

^ * I . ^ ~ f ,

346 Anno dedmo Georgii lit. <3,45; £1769,

minion*, to be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be guilty of a great mifdemea-punished ac- nor> be prosecuted and punished by fipe and imprisonment oftwTof the C according to the laws and usage of the fame dominions respec-place. lively, ; ,

Appeal may XIII. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, < be made to That it shall and may be lawful for any perfoa or persons who the quarter- foali be convicted, before such justice or justices of the peace as ri^g'fecu- aforefaic), of any of the offences against this act, to appeal from riiy# 8 * such conviction to the juftipes of the peace at; their next general

or quarter-sessions to be holden for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, or town corporate, in which such offences shall be committed; he, (he, or they, .giving immediate notice to such justice or justices^of such intended appeal, and likewise giving security to the satisfactioa of such justice or justices, to pay all and every the penalties and forfeitures to which he* (he, or they, shall be liable by such conviction, and the costs, charges, and expence? of trying such appeal, in case such conviction shall be Justice* to de- affirmed5 and the said justices, in their next general or quarter-ternwne final- fefljons> are hereby authorised and required to hear, try, and r r finally determine the fame, upon the merits of the cause, and examination of witnesses on oath; and to order costs to be paid 4r as shall be jpft, if they shall think it reasonable so todo.

except it shall XIV. Provided nevertheless, That if it shall appear to the said appear there jyftjce6# that there was not sufficient time, between such con-tcTgire notice vi&fon and such quarter-sessions, to give notice to all parties to to partiesi attend such appeal; that then, it shall, and may be lawful for in which case, such justice? to adjourn foe hearing thereof to their next subse-it shall be ad- quent general or quarter-fdfioqs, at which they ere hereby re*-^"quarter* quired tQ hear, try, and .finally determine the fame; and in case sessions. there shall, be no determination on the said appeal at such next If no deter- or fobfequent general or quarter- sessions, the judgement and con-m'mation at vision of foe justice or Justices shall stand and be in full force; such adjourn- and no writ o f Cfrfiorwri)or any other proce/s what foe ver shall ment'to bfln ah9w®d® r9 the conviction or order of sessions, or any

force. ° °tl)cf proceedings thereupon, into any of-his.Majesty's courts of No Certiorari. record at JVe/imitffier % or of his Majesty's courts of great Session

in the principality of fffylei, qr, the counties palatine. 1 > -justice* may XV. And be it further coaled tby the authority aforesaid, exainJ011ft *^atlt shall an<^ maY he lawful for any justice or justices of the neffeTon oath. Peace> if he or they shall be informed that any person or persons ' can give any evidence relating to any of the offences aforesaid, to summon such person or persons to appear before him or them, and to examine such person or; persons on oath, in relation on refofal to thereunto; and in case such person or persons shall refuse or neg-mly iffueM*06 !e<^ to aPPear pursuant to such fommons, then such justice or

warrant; justices shall issue out his or their warrant or warrants for ap-

and, on refu- prehending. and bringing such person or persons before him or faUobeoxa- them; ana in case such person or persons shall refuse to be.ex* amined upon oath, to commit such persons to the common

mitted &c. £a°l or house of corretftion for such county, riding, division, .

* * city, liberty, or town corporate, there to remain for the space of

one

x 7^9-1 Anno £eeimaGEO&6tf Ilf. c. 4$; 34 k

on^ month, or until he, site, or they, (hah submit to be examined as aforesaid j and in case of any appeal to the general or quarter-sessions, to compel such person or persons to enter into a recognizance, with condition to appear at the said general or quarter-fefEons, and to give evidence upon the trial of such

apTvi . And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,* Convifliontto That for the more easy and speedy convicting of any person ineth”foUow-or persons, who shall offend against this act, or any orders i0g foraK made under the authority of the fame, it shall be sufficient for any justice or justices of the peace, who shall conviCt any person or persons of any or either of the said offences, to draw such conviction in the following form of words, as the case shall happen, or in any other form of words to the fame effect (that is to say)

Wd&fix. \x B is convifled, on his, her, or their own

JTx (or on the oath of ) of having in

this kingdom, {(\pecifying the offence, and the time and place when and where the fame was committed.)

Given under my (or our) hand and (or hands and seals) this day of

which said conviction, in the fame or like form of words, shall be good and effectual in the law to all intents and purposes, and shall not bequashed, fet aside, or adjudged void or inefficient, for want of any other form of words whatsoever 5 and in case of appeal as aforesaid, the justice or justices who shall conviCt fuch4 offender or offenders, is and are hereby required to deliver, or In case of ap-cause to be delivered, the conviction, in the form aforesaid, to peal, justice the next general or quarter*sessions to which the appeal is made, 5°"viainSto there to & filed on record. % kwtt

XVIL And be it further enaCt^d by the authority aforesaid,«

That the justices of the peace within the respective limits of their u< com millions, at their general or quarter-sessions, or the major justicet may part of them then and there assembled, within that part of Great allow falarie* Britain called England, shall have full power and authority, and 10 infpt&or*,

they are hereby required to order such reasonable salaries and charges as they shall think proper, to be paid to any mfpe&or or in manner pre-inspeCtor9, or other person or persons already employed or ap- scribed by pointed by the justices of the peace, or hereafter to be employed or appointed by the justices of the peace, or the commisioners of the land tax, to prevent the spreading of such distemper amongst the cattle, out of the monies arisen or hereafter to arise by virtue of an a# of parliament passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the second, intituled, An for A& it Geo. s. the more tafy ajfefjmg, cojlefling, and levying county rates.-

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the commisioners Chramission* of the land tax for the time being in and for every county, rid- 2^1th* ing, or division, and who have or shall -qualify themselves to act 3*

as

victidn to next uarter-fef-ions.

34*

(excfept for Middkfex, or

Anno dcclmo Georgii IIL c. ifigl fi as such respe^ively, are hereby impottered and required to put

cities or towns*11 ex^cut^on and every the powers and authorities given to

which°areWDS commisioners of the land tax by this a<5i, or by any order or counties of orders in council pursuant to the fame (except the commission-themselves) ers of the land tax within the county of , and all cities

*u'5ffied*t and towns which are Counties of themselves) in as full and am-put thit aCHn P*c manner as the judices of the peace may do within the same, execution. XIX. And, to prevent the spreading of such infectious distemper

by persons buying up catde in ihfe&ed places, and soon after difpo-sing of the fame in places free from the infe&ioo, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, and in disobedience or con* trary to the orders and regulations made, or which shall here-Ko person to alter he made by his Majesty in council as aforesaid; be it en-ftll any living a<5ted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said °h' ?C* h twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and £e-been his % ro- venty>no person whatsoever by himself, his servant or agent, dur-pcrty-fodaysj ing the continuance of this ao, and contrary to any rule, order* regulation or prohibition made or to be mAde in that behalf as aforesaid in pursuance and by virtue of this present act, shall fell or dispose of any living ox, bull, cow, calf, (leer or heifer, until the fame shall have been the property of such person for the term of forty days at lead $ and during the continuance of such orders as aforesaid, in proof of such property, the feller shall produce a certificate under the hand of the person of whom such ox, bull* cow, calf, deer or heifer was lad bought or purch&(ed» (ignifying the time when he purchased the fame j and every person who shall fell or dispose of any ox, bull, cow, calf, deer or heifer, without producing such certificate, and shall be thereof convicted by his, her, or their own confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any judiee or judices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty or town corporate where the offence shall be committed, shall, on penalty of for every such ox, bull, cow, calf, deer or heifer, so fold or dif-*bl. posed or during the continuance of and contrary to such orders

and regulations as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the sum of ten onlefs he shall pounds; unless such person shall by himself, his agent or servant, make oath before the said judiee or judices (which oath the said judiee or judices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer) that the said ox, bull, cow, calf, deer or heifer has been his property for more than forty days; the said forfeiture to be adjudged, levied and recovered in such manner as is herein after directed to be levied and recovered; one moiety of the said forfeiture to be given to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish where the offence shall be committed.

XX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, on giving or That every person who shall, from and after the said twenty-knowingly re- fourth day of June9 out thousand seven hundred and seventy,. ceiving, a false and during the continuance of and contrary to such orders, and certificate. regulations as aforesaid, fell 6r dispose of any ok9 bull, cow, calf, deer or heifer, and shall give a false or untrue certificate of the

time

and producing a certificate, (ignifying the time when he bought the fame.

prove, on oath, that the fame hath been his property more than 40 days.

One moiety of penalty to informer, the other to the poor.

'sol. penalty

<^.

343

jr 7®9«] Anno derimo Georgii III. c.45.

time of the sale of such cattle, and every person who shall accept of such false or untrue certificate, knowing the fam? to be such,

Hiall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds; to be adjudged, levied, recovered, and disposed of in the manner herein after directed.

XXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, dur- Drovertogive ing the continuance of any rules, orders or regulations made or

to be made in that behalf as aforesaid * if any drover, or person of beafbficJc-or persons driving and conducing horned cattle from one place ening on the to another, shall find any bead or beads in his drift sicken upon road> the road, so as to be unable to proceed forward in their journey ; such drover, or person or persons driving such horned cattle, shall forthwith give notice thereof to the condable, head borough or churchwarden, of the parish or place wherein such bead or beads shall sicken, in order that the fame may be (lain and buried in spanner as aforesaid, if deemed to be ill of the didemper now raging amongd the horned cattle, or of any infectious disease, in the opinion of the officer of such parish or place so summoned, and of two other substantial inhabitants of the said parish or place, whom the said officer is hereby impowered, by a note in writing under his hand, to summon to his affidance; and in case any drover* or person or persons driving horned cattle, shall fail herein, or shall conceal, or drive out of the way, without giving such notice, any such sick bead or beads, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, and in disobedience to any rules or orders made by virtue thereof as aforesaid, he or they so offending shall forfeit and pay ten pounds to the use of the on penalty of poor of such parish or place wherein such bead or beads shall be 10 * round sick or dead; to be levied on his or their goods and chat- to be levied by tels, by warrant under the hand and seal of any judice of thedlftreft‘ peace of the county, riding, division, liberty, city or town corporate, wherein such drover, or person or persons driving such horned cattle, shall be taken 5 and in case of nonpayment, such For want of drover or person or persons shall be committed to the common gaol of such county, Shire, dewartry, riding, division, liberty, committed, city or town corporate, there to remain, without bail or main-prize, for the space of six calendar months, or until he or they shall have paid the said penalty.

XXII. And, for preventing persons felting any horned cattle before No person to

they have been in their possession forty days, contrary to such orders and any living

regulations as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted, That no person or ?** ^ d“^‘ persons during the continuance of any such orders and regula- tmuance o?~ tiens to the contrary as aforesaid, shall fell or dispose of any live order to the ox, bull, cow, calf, deer or heifer, unless he or they shall, be- contrary,

Tides his, her, or their compliance with such dire<5tions as aforesaid, likewise fird obtain a certificate under the hand and seal of without pro-some judice of the peace or commissioner of the land tax, speci- Pcr

fying the colours, and number of beads so intended to be sold, ^mm 1

and the parish, township or place from whence the fame are floner of the brought or intended to be carried in order for sale, and the name land tax, or names, place or places of abode of the owner or owners there-Vol. XXVIII. 1 A a of.

344 Anno decirao Georgii III. c. 45J ' 1769.

, of, and that it appears to such just ice or commifttoner, upon examination on the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, that the beads contained in such certificate have been and produc- the property and in the possession of fu^h person or persons for and ^iv/n raej at orty ^ays ^e^ore ^ate certificate \ and every

atteffedcopy Perfor felling any ox, hull, cow, calf, deer or heifer, by virtue thereof. of such certificate, shall produce the fame, and give a true copy „ thereof, atteded by two or more credible witnesses, to the per-jol. penalty son 0r persons buying such beads 5 and every person felling any er and feller * ox> bull, cow» ca^» ^eer or he^er without obtaining such certi-where certifi- ficate, and every person buying the fame without receiving a true cate is not copy thereof atteded as aforesaid, during the continuance of, and produced. contrary to, such orders as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds for every ox, bull, cow, calf, deer and heifer bought or fold contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, to be levied, adjudged, recovered, applied and disposed of as is herein after directed to be levied, adjudged, recovered, applied and disposed of. '

Justicefufpeft- XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ingany person That if one or more judice or judices of the peace shall fufpeCfc a S any person of buying, felling or driving any ox, bull, cow, calf, orders * 0r ^eer or fie^er? or of taking.off the hide from any infected ox, * bull, cow, calf, deer or heifer which shall die of the said didem-'per, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, and the rules, orders, and regulations made or to be made as aforesaid by his Majesty in council in pursuance thereof, or of not burying any ox, bull, cow, calf, deer or heifer, contrary to this aff, and orders made in pursuance of the fame; it shall and may be may summon lawful for such judice or judices to summon such person to ap-him to appear. pear before him or them at a reasonable time to be prefixed in Proof of com- such summons; and the proof of complying with the directions pliance to be of this atd, and orders made or to be made as aforesaid, shall on the party. 1*1C on the party so summoned; and if such person shall neglect or refuse to'appear before such judice or judices (proof being made upon oath of his or their being duly summoned) or shall not make it out to the satisfaCtion of him or them that he or she formity C°n~ has folty conformed himself or herself to this act, rules, and or-t h d a ^ers as aforefe*fi 5 such person shall be deemed and taken to be conri&ecUnd duly convicted of the offence or offences for which he shall be-suffer the pe- so summoned, and incur the several penalties and forfeitures in-naides inflid- flj<sted by this act, to be levied, recovered, and adjudged, in A 1* t* f manner as 1S herein after mentioned ; one moiety of the said for-th«^penally.° feimre to be paid to the overseer of the poor, and applied to the use of the poor of the parish where such person dwells * and the other moiety to the treasurer of the county, riding, or division, to be made part of the county (lock, or, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to such person, and for such purposes, as the justices in their general quarter-fellioris shall direCt and appoint.

XXIV. Andy for the more effectual preventing the of

such infectious dijhmper by persons commonly called Jobbers, whoy

v -

On nonappearance, or for want of

i7*>9fcl Anno decimo Georgii lit. £.45* 345

Occupying little or no grazing land, buy up cattle in , and

soon after diftofe of the fame, be it enatfted by the authority afore- w r

said, That from and after the said twenty-fourth day of cepfbutehcrT One thousand seven hundred and seventy, no person whatsoever for immediate (butchers and others excepted buying fat cattle for immediate (laughter, to (laughter) during the continuance of, and contrary to any such purchase lie-orders made in that behalf as aforesaid, shall purchase any livinglngox* c' ox, bull, cow, calf, steer or heifer, without having first obtain- * CCI>

ed a certificate under the hand and seal of some justice of the * peace or commissioner of the land tax atfting for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where such person re*

(ides, specifying his or her name and place of abode, and the Tpecifyine hi* number of beasts he or she intends to purchase, and whether name and a-such beasts are intended to be pujehafed by him or herself, or b°de, number by an agent, or servant; and if by an agent or servant, then the name and place of abode of such agent or servant; and that ittherbyhimself appears to such justice or commissioner, upon examination on or agent j the oath of one or tnore credible witness or witnesses, that such (and if by a-person really occupies land sufficient to graze and keep the num-^jj Kent's ber of beasts contained in such certificate, over and above the ind * stock such person is at present possessed of, for the space of three abode) months: and that it may appear no more beasts were brought and that he than were contained in such certificate, every such person shall, ®^cP^es *an<* upon bringing any cattle into any parish or place bought in pur- graz^JbVh0 fuance of such certificate and orders made in that behalf as a-number,above fbrefaid, produce and shew the said certificate to an inspeeftor, his present churchwarden, or overseer of the poor, if any there be of such stock»,for 3 parish or place; and shall at the same time acquaiht such inspec- on bringing for, churchwarden or overseer,.with the place where, and the name cattle into any of the person of whom such beasts were purchased; and the said place, certifi* inspector, churchwarden, or overseer, is hereby required to mark cate to be pro-on the back of the said certificate, the number of beasts so inspekor &c. brought into any parish or place, and the place where, and thet0 mdorfethe name of the person of whom such beasts were purchased, and fame, the day when such certificate Was so produced: and if any per-penalty son or persons (butchers or others buying fat cattle for immediate (laughter excepted as aforesaid) shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, buy any ox, bull, cow, calf, (leer, or heifer, during the continuance or, and contrary to such orders as aforesaid, without previously obtaining such certificate, or fhajlbuy more than the number contained in the fame, or shall not produce the said certificate to an inspector, churchwarden, or overseer of the poor; every such person shall, for every beast bought contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds; the said penalty to be levied, adjudged, recovered, ap-Cattle to be plied, and disposed of, as is herein after directed. bought within

XXV. Provided always, That no cattle shall be deemed to be J of certi-bought by virtue of such certificate as aforesaid, unless the fame ficate.

afe purchased within one month from the date thereof. If cattle are

XXVI. And be it further enatfbed by the authority aforesaid, 5^

That when and as often-as any cattle shall be flopped for want ^"ate,CWV

A a 2 of

t^

34-6 Anno decimo Georgii IIL 0.45a £1769.

constable, &c. of a proper certificate,, pursuant and in obedience to such order* back^o the last as a^ore^9 the constable, or other proper officer of thetowrilhijy constablewick, or parish where the said cattle shall be so (lopped, shall cau such cattle, with all convenient expedition, to be driven back to , . the next constablewick from whence they lad came; and shall tice thereof to 8^ve notice thereof to the constable, or other proper officer of the proper of- such next constable wick, who shall, and he is hereby required to ficer, who is to receive the said cattle, and to cause the fame to be driven through recede them i his constablewick to the next conflablewick from whence such be pr<Seeded° cattle were driven, the constable or other parish officer whereof against in like shall receive the fame as aforesaid, and so from constablewick to manner, till constablewick until such cattle shall arrive at the first township thCyfiaftive at or P*ace *n the said county, riding, division, or liberty, through UtluX^ich they were fuffiered to pass without a proper certificate, which they they shall be treated in such and the like manner as cattle which passed h have been within one mile of an infected place are by this act, and be treated or by any of his Majesty's orders of council made or to be made whielfhave in deemed to be treated.

been within i XXVII. And whereas there are no such officers as overseers of ihi mile of an in- poor and churchwardens in that part of Great Britain called Scot-fetted place, land; therefore, in order to carry this act, in that part of the united Matters di- kingdom, into execution5 be it enacted by the authority aforesaid* doneby°over- That all matters and things appointed to be done and executed seers and * by the overseers of the poor and churchwardens in that part of Great Britain called England, shall, in , be done and executed by the constables, inspedtors, or other officers to be appointed by the justices of the peace for that purpose, at their respective quarter-fe(lions,,or any adjournment thereof.

XXVIII. And in order to make , that part of the unit-

ed kingdom called Scotland, for any expence that mdy attend the execution of this service, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

it shall and may be lawful for the commisioners of the land tax, of the land-tax anc* are hereby impowered to alTefs their respective counties in Scotland to In a sum not exceeding fifty pounds for each county, to be leaflets their vied and collected in the fame proportions, and according to the counties for same rules with the land tax 5 and which sum the respective col-exwutinVthis le^ors of the land tax for each county are hereby required to act. collect and issue, by order of the respective justices of the peace, ?

or the major part of them assembled at the quarter-sessions, or Pecuniary pe- adjournment thereof.

ualties maybe XXIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That wheresoever recovered by any person shall, for any offence to be hereafter committed against this act, or any law now in being relating to the preventing the spreading of the contagious distemper amongst the horned cattle in this kingdom, be liable or subject to pay any pecuniary penalty or sum of money, upon conviction before any just tice or justices of the peace 5 it shall and may be lawful for any other person whatsoever, either to proceed to recover the said r penalty by information and conviction before any justice or justices of the peace, in such manner as is directed by this act, or to sue for the fame by action of debt or on the case, bill, plaint, or information, in any of hi* Majesty's courts of record $ wherpr

m

churchwardens in England,

are, in Scotland, to be done by such officers as q. sessions shall appoint. Commisioners

conviction beforejustices.

or by adtidn of debt, &c.

1769.] Anno dcclmo Georgii III. c. 45.

347

in no effoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one im- Plaintiff re- parlance shall be allowed; and wherein the plaintiff, if, he re- covering, to covers, shall likewise have his double costs. ouW#

XXX. Provided, That all suits and actions to be brought by Limitation of virtue of this act, shall be brought before the end of the next attions. term after the offence committed; and that no offender against

any of the laws now in being, for the preventing the spreading of the distemper which now rages amongst the horned cattle,

shall be prosecuted twice for the fame offence.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ^wsoftbe

That all the commisioners of the land tax, and redtors or vicars Janci tax> rcc. who are rated to the land tax for one hundred pounds per annum tors, and vi-Shall, in their respective parishes, and they are hereby impower- cars, rated to cd to grant certificates of health for cattle, in as full and ample *and. tax/orn#. manner as any justice or justices of the peace are impowered in auth*0nfed to* any manner whatsoever to do; for which said certificates no fee grant ceriifi-or reward whatsoever shall be taken. cates.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, person grant-That from and after the twenty-fourth day of , one thou- ing certificate, sand seven hundred and seventy, all persons whatsoever takingfct

upon them to grant certificates in pursuance of this act, or his w

.Majesty's orders relating thereto, shall set forth, in eveiy such grants it. certificate, by virtue of what office he grants such certificate, whether as justice of the peace for any county, city, or borough, commissioner of the land tax, or otherwise and in case any person shall neglect so to do, such person shall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds of law- I0 j ful money of Great Britain for every such neglett; to be recov- ©n neglett. ered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at JVefiminster, with full costs of suit; wherein no effoin, privilege, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXIII. And b$ it further enacted by the authority afore- ^asrttQra .

said. That the justices of the peace within their respective divi- p°jnt °nfpec* (ions, at their petty sessions, or the major part of them then and tors, there assembled, within that part of Great Britain called ,

shall have full power and authority, by virtue of this act, and any order or orders made or to be made in that behalf as aforesaid, to appoint any person or persons to be inspector or inspedors of any houses, buildings, grounds, fields, and cattle, within their said divifioqs, to be affmant to the constables, churchwardens, in manner dU and overseers of the poor; in such manner as the justices of the retted by or-peace, at their general quarter-sessions, were, by his late Ma- d*r jesty's order in council, dated the twenty-second of Marcby one ° t2 Mar* thousand seven hundred and forty-seven, impowered to do.

XXXIV. Provided, That no feller or buyer of any such cat- No certificate tie as aforesaid shall be obliged, in consequence of such order or need orders as aforesaid, to take out either of the said certificates, Suyet^aST where both the feller and buyer live in the same parish, or in feUer live in the next adjacent parish or place, or within five miles distanceofthe fame pa-each other: provided that the feller of such cattle has been in rjfo. or within

A a 3 "V**

A^

34-3 Anno decimo Georgii lit. c. 45* Xl7&&

each other; the pofTession of the cattle so to be sold forty days at the lead be-

f Ue^hasthe ^ore 5 anc* as t^le buyer ^WPS t^ie fa'd catde three

ifeerTirTpof- months at the lead from the time he purchases the fame ; and session of such so as the infectious distemper amongst the horned cattle be not cattle 40 days, within the space of ten miles of the fellers abode, and that thfc and the buyer feJ]er ancj buyer live in the fame county : any thing in this act mo„P^eand5 to the contrary Botwithstanding.

distemper be XXXV. And whereas the corporationsfituated not within io within counties at large ,may in some places presume to hold fairs and abodV^and^* markets for the sale of horned , when the justices of the peace for

both live in the ^ecounty at large may have prohibited fairs and markets to be holders

same county, in the said county, pursuant to and during the continuance of orders made tn that behalf as aforesaid, which in a great measure will fruf-

trate the said prohibition, and occasion many disputes; be it therefore

further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, where the justices of the peace for any county 'at large have already prohibited, or shall hereafter think proper to prohibit fairs and markets to be holden for the sale of horned Prohibition of cattle within such county, such prohibition made as aforesaid fairs and mar- shall he deemed and taken to extend to all corporations within Icets made by such county, or surrounded by or lying contiguous to such coun-countiesat ty \ any charter, privilege, or exemption to the contrary not-large, extend- withdanding : and in case any such magidrate shall wilfully and ed to corpo- knowingly proclaim or give notice, or cause to be proclaimed or rations within notice to be given of any fair or market for horned beads, or SfflgST shall wilfully and knowingly permit any horned bead to be ties. brought into, or sold at any fair or market within his jurisdic-

tien, during such prohibition as hforesaid, such magidrate shall jool. penalty forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds of lawful money roagistrate. cf Great Britain, to any person who shall sue for the fame in offending. any Majesty's courts of record at wherein no

essoin, privilege, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

Magistrates, XXXVI, And be it further enacted, That from and after the *Ctif°f ran twenty-f°urth day of June,one thousand seven hundred and fe-beLftsor°bide^ venty, no judice of the peace or other magidrate of any corpo-but such as * ration, qr commissioner of the land tax for such corporation, or have beenkept reCtor or vicar within any corporation, during the continuance witldn^heir^ orc^ers as aforesaid, shall certify for any horned bead but

Jurisdiction, * such as have been kept within his jurisdiCVion for the time re*

9 quired by law, nor for the hide of any bead but such as have been (laughtered within his jurisdiction$ any former law or da-tute to the contrary notwithstanding: and in case any such magidrate shall take upon him to grant certificates otherwise than as aforesaid, such magidrate shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds of lawful money of , for every certificate

so granted, to any person or persons that shall sue for the fame; to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in ^ny of his Majesty's courts of record at , with full

# cpfti

on penalty of sol.

v^

349

1769.] Anno declmo Georgii III. C. 4 costs of suit 5 wherein no essoin, privilege, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed. T

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by this act, That it shall and may be lawful for any four or more of the justices of the ter.sessions, peace of any county within this realm, at their general quarter- &c. on infor-sessions, or any adjournment thereof, upon information given to J?jitlon them that such distemper is in any neighbouring county, to pro- -Jj anyPneigh. hibit for a certain time, or until the distemper shall cease in such bouring coun-county, any ox, bull, ccw, calf, steer or heifer from being driv- ty, en or removed, or any hides, skins or flesh carried from fucK b*

county, or from any hundred, lathe, wapentake, rape, ward or f* brought*" other division of such county so infected, into the county so mak- from thence ing fpch order; and in case any person shall adfc contrary to such into their order, such person shall incur the penalties and forfeitures here- county, in before enacted against persons driving cattle without certi- disobeying ficates. their prohi-

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- bition. said. That if any action or salt shall be commenced against any

' person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, the defendant or defendants in such aCIion or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence General issue. at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the fame was done in pursuance and by authority of this act, or of some rule, order or regulation made or to be made in pursuance of1*this act : and if it shall appear so to have been done, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be non-suited, or discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like Treble coftti remedy for the fame as the defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Act to con* said. That this act shall continue and be in force until the tweri- g"“* ty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hdndred and fe-&c, * 77 * venty-one, and from thence to the end of the then next session

of parliament.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for establishing a lottery, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Preamble, reciting aft a Geo. 3. Persons possessed of annuities in the joint stock of +'per cents, and who have or shall signify their consent, in books opened at the bank, to acceptof an annuity of 31, per cent, to commence from 5 Jan. 1770, areintitled, for every 1001. to iool. in the joint stock of 3 per cents, and to two lottery tickets; and to have a receipt for 4.1. in part of 141. for each ticket, &c. Subscribers to pay in respect of every ticket, &c. 11. by 15 June $ % \, by *0 July} 3I. by *1 Aug. and 4I. by (

Sept. 1770} tickets to be delivered to subscribers completing their fub-scriptions. Contributors paying in the whole of their subscriptions by 17 August, to be allowed interest after the rate of 3 1. per cent, to *5 Sept.

1770. In case any tickets shall remain unsubscribed, any persons may contribute for the pprchaie of them, at 14 pounds per ticxet., On mak-A a 4 ing

Anno decimo Georgii III. C.4 £1769*

5ng the following deposits, viz. of 4I. by 10 May, 1J. by 15 Jane, «I. by ?o July, 31. by »i Aug. and 4I. by 25 Sept. 1770. On completing fab-scription, tickets to be delivered to contributors. Contributors paying in the whole of their subscriptions by 17 Aug. to be allowed interest after the rate of 31. per cent, to the 25th of Sept. 1770 j to be paid by the cashier* Cafliier of the bank to give (ecurity for duly accounting for, and paying; over the said monies into the exchequer. Treasury to roply the money to the service voted this session. 500,000 k to be distributed into prizes; and paid into the bank, out of the supplies granted this session. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery books. Ticket. Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver them after to the caihiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the fame. Caihiers to return the books, with the undisposed tickets, with an account of the monies paid in The undisposed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer, &c. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with iilkj and cut off indentwife into a box marked with the letter (A). Box to be locked up and sealed. Books to be prepared 1 with two columns, on each of which 50,000 tickets to be printed. Xhe number and value of-the fortunate tickets. 1,0001. to the ftrft-drawn ticket, &c. and 1,0001. to the last-drawn. Tickets of the outermoit columns of the last-mentioned book to be rolled up and tied, and cut out indentwife into a box marked with the letter (B). Box to be locked up and sealed. Business of rolling up the tickets, &c. to be performed within iix day8 preceding the drawing. Public notice to be given of the times of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on 19 Nov. 1770. Method to be observed in drawing, &c. After each day's drawing, the boxes to be locked up and sealed. Numbers of the fortunate tickets, and the sums, to be printed. Disputes relating hereto, to be ad-jutted by the managers. Penalty of forging, &c. tickets or. certificates, felony. Managers to be sworn. The oath. Cafliier to receive the sums subscribed, before receiving the lottery book j and to give a note for the fame; the bearers intitled thereupon to one lottery ticket for every 141. so paid. Contributors not making good their payments within the times Hhiited, forfeit their deposits with respect to the lottery} and the tickets for such sums to be delivered back into the exchequer. Treasury to pay the managers, and defray the incidental expences. Limitation of the sale of chances, See. Penalty. Office-keepers, c. felling shares in tick- . ets of which they are not possessed, forfeit 5001. Offences committed in Ireland against acts for preventing unlawful lotteries, made punishable, and the penalties may be sued for in Dublin, 'yhe sum of 500,0001. payable in respect of the fortunate tickets, is charged upon the aids in general granted this session j and to be paid at the bank without deduction. After the drawing of the lottery, the tickets to be exchanged for certificates* Managers to give notice of the time for taking in the tickets, and delivering out the certificates, &c. Certificates to be numbered. Books to be kept for'entering the names of persons bringing tickets to be exchanged,

&c. Certificates to be signed. Sec. Treasury to discharge alt incident charges attending the execution of. this act. No fee to be taken for receiving or paying the contribution monies, or for issuing receipts or mo-ni«s, on penalty of 201. Annuities subscribed to in pursuance of this a£lr to be deemed part of the joint (lock of 31, per cent, annuities transferable at tl^e bank, and so be payable out of the sinking fund $ subject to redemption by parliament. Annuities to be deemed personal estates, not defc£haable, to heirs, nor liable to foreign attachment. Such part of the joint (lock of 4I. per cent, annuities as shall be subscribed for at the rate of 3I. per cent, to be understood to be redeemed after 5 April, 1770.

Bank to continue a corporation till these annuities are redeemed. Bank piot to incur any disability. General issue. Treble costs.

t^

"1769.] Anno decimo Georgii III, 0, 4jr;

$5l

CAP. XLVIL

act for better regulating persons in the service of the East India company, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

'ITTHEREAS by an act paffid in the seventh year of /fo Preamble, re-VV rexZn of bit late majesty King George the First, a<a

An adV for the further preventing his Majesty's subjects from7 Geo, trading to the East Indies under foreign commissions, and for encouraging and further securing the lawful trade thereto; and for further regulating the pilots of Dover9 and the isle of

Thanet; it was amongst other things enabled. That it and

might be lawful to and for his Majesty*s attotney-general for the time being, at the relation of the said company, or by his own authority, to exhibit a bill or bills of complaint in his Majesty* s court of ,

against any person or persons trading, dealing, trafficking, or adventuring, at any time from and after the said twenty fourth day of Tune, one thousand yeven hundred and twenty-one, in, to, or from

the East Indies, or places therein before mentioned, contrary to law\ cr against any person or persons concerned as agent, fast or, or copartner with such illegal traders5 for discovering their trading, dealing, trafficking, and adventuring, and for recovering of such - : pies and damages as are therein and herein after-mentioned: waving or disclaiming, in every such bill, all the penalties and forfeitures incurred by such person or persons for the matters in such bill or bills contained 5 and that such person or persons Should answer the said bill cr bills, and not plead or demur to the discovery thereby 5 and pay to his Majesty the customs and duties of the goods and merchandizes arising, produced, or purchased by the said unlawful trade, traffick,or .adventuring 5 and Should answer and pay to the said company for the fame thirty pounds per centum, according to the value thereof in England : and whereas the said of thirty pounds per

centum so enabled to be paid to the said united company, as and for damages on account of such illicit trade as aforesaid, bath been found inadequate and insufficient for preventing the said illicit trade, and for making good to the said company the damage they have thereby: now, for the more effectually preventing such illicit trade, and for making a better compensation or recompence to the said united company, by way of damages, for any loss or prejudice they may sustain by the illicit practices aforesaid, be it enaaed by the Kind's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present Persons con-parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That c?rned in illi-from and after the passing of this act, all and every person or East v persons, adventurer or adventurers, prosecuting or concerned indiacompany in such illicit trade, traffick and dealings as aforesaid, shall, over tool, percent and besides the duties and customs by law payable to his jesty, forfeit and pay to the said united company the sum of one the duties in-hundred pounds per centum, according to the value, in England, stead of former of the goods, merchandizes, and effects, so illicitly traded, penalty $

trafp

v^

35*

Anno decimo Georgii III. C. 47^ £1769.

trafficked, or dealt in, instead and in lieu of the said sum of thirty pounds per centum, mentioned in the said act; which said id as ^um 0* one hundred pounds per centum, shall and is hereby di- I

7 Geo. x. redted to be sued for and recovered in such and the like man-

ner, as in and by the said recited act made in the seventh year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the First, is prescribed and enacted, with respect to the said sum of thirty-pounds per centum 5 any thing therein to the contrary nofwith-iianding.

II. And whereas sundry captains and other officers and mariners of ships, in the service of the said united , bound to India,

eftentimys in a clandestine manner carry and to the East Indies aforesaid great quantities of , , , fire

arms, ammunition, and warlike , and there fed and |

thereof to the natives, and also to powers in parts at war or in enmity with the said united , or to 'other persons through

whose hands the fame do or may come to the use of such powers; to the great injury of the publick,as well as of the said united company and their possessions and trade in India: , 40 the end that such

evil practices may for the future be remedied and , be it

Persons in the further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every Indi^om2*- °®cer an<* oncers, mariners, or other person or persons, in the uy transport- service of the said united company, who shall, from and after the ing any war- passing of this act, carry, transport, or fend, or cause to be like ft ores, carried, transported, or sent to the East , aforesaid, or shall put or cause to be put on board any ship in the service <of the of assisting laid united company trading to the East , any artillery, therein, with ordnance, mufquets, fire arms, ammunition, or warlike (lores TOfeofthe " of any kind whatsoever, or shall knowingly aid or assist therein, Sme in the without the licence or authority of the said united company, East Indies, with intention or for the purpose of transporting, felling, traf-or within the ficking, bartering, exchanging, or otherwise uttering or dif-company's P?^n6 of the fame in the East , or within the limits of the trade, J said united company's trade; shall, in every such case, be deem-may be prose- fcd and adjudged to be guilty of a high crime and misdemeanour, cuted in the and as such shall anc| may prosecuted for the fame in his Ma- 1 JGng'^Bench, je^y's court of King's Bench at Westminster; and such person or ind be liable* persons so offending being convicted, mall be liable to such cor-to corporal poral punishment or fine as the said court shall think fit. poniihment or III. And whereas, by one other alt passed in the fe-A& 7 Geo. 1. venthyear of the reign of his present , , An act for

7 *regulating certain proceedings of the general courts of the united

company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies fit was enahed, That no dividend Should be made by the said ,

for or in respetl of any time to the twenty fourth day of

June, one thousand seven hundred otherwise than

in pursuance of a vote or refolut, passed by way of , a general court of the said company, which have been for the purpose of declaring a , and of the meeting of which

general court for such purpose, seven days notice at the least shall have been given in writing, fixed upon the Royal Exchange in London; and it was thereby further mailed, That no balloting upon

any

r 769*1 Anno dedmo Georgii III. C.47; 353

any quejlion proposed in any general court of the said company,

to any matter whatsoever, Should be begun within a left of time

than eight hours after the adjournment or breaking up of the general tourt in which it shall have been determined that quejlion Should be decided by balloting: and whereas the balloting for every dividend of the said company, as prescribed by the laji receited act, would be attended with much inconvenience and delay, in cases where no alteration in the rate of the said company's dividend is made or intended to be made: arid whereas the time or space of eight hours thereby also prescribed for taking such balloting in quejlion,and not relative to the

declaration of a dividend, is not Jufficient to give the proprietors at large of the said company's flock a full and fair opportunity to rife their right of taking such part in every such determination as they are intitled to by law therefore, for preventing the aforesaid veniences for the future, be it enacted by the authority afore* laid. That from and after the passing of this act, when any When a divi-half yearly or other dividend of the said company shall be voted dead shall be and declared by a general court of proprietors, not varying or ckred^y a** differing from the rate of the said company's dividend for the general court, last preceeding half year, that then and in every such case, it not differing shall not be necessary for the said general court of the said com- from the rats pany to proceed to a ballot respe<5ing such dividends > but that dividTndfor a declaration from the chairman for the time being of the said preceding company of the voting and agreeing of the general court of pro- half year, prietors to such dividend, shall be a sufficient notice and autho- a declaration rity for declaring and making such dividend; and that from and^j^Jj^ of after the passing of this a<$t, no balloting upon any question such vote, to proposed in any general court of the said company, relative to be sufficient any matter whatsoever, shall be begun within a less space of time notice for de-than twenty-four hours after the adjournment or breaking-up of ^cnd * the general court in which it shall have been determined that Notelioting such question Should be decided by balloting; any thing in the to be begun said last recited act to the contrary notwithstanding. within lets

IV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That *4 hour* if any person or persons whatsoever employed by or in the service me^t of gene-of the said united company, in any civil or military station, of- ral court? fice, or capacity whatsoever in the East Indies, or deriving orNCompany'g claiming any power, authority, or jurisdiction, by or from the servants in the said united company, shall, after the passing of this act, be guilty Ea^ indies of oppressing any of his Majesty's subje<fts beyond the seas with- fre/non or in their respective jurisdictions; or, in the exercise of any such other crime, station, office, employment, power, or authority derived or claimed'by, from, or under the said united company, or shall may be tried be guilty of any other crime or offence;. such oppressions, \n the court of crimes, and offences, shall and may be enquired of, heard, and King's Bench, determined, in his Majesty's court of King's Bench in England; andpunished and such punishments shall be inflicted on such offenders, as are committed6' usually inflicted for offences of the like nature committed in that England! ** part of Great Britain called England; and that the fame, and all pther offences committed against this act, may be alledged to be

com-

354- "Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 4S. [17 % :

Crime may be committed, and may bp laid, enquired of, and tried in the Hedged to be county of Middlesex.

MwSefex.111 V. And ^ 11 ^url^cr enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Defendants *n anions, or suits, brought against the said united compa-may plead the ny, their agents, or servants, or any person deriving authority under the said company, for any thing by him or them done in such capacity, from and after the passing of this act, the defendant or defendants, in any such action or suit, may plead the General issue. general issue, and the special matter in evidence.

Jtatyick aft. VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick act; of which notice shall be judicially taken, by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same. Defendants to VII. provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That the defendant or defendants, or his or their attorney, shall ticeof thefub- Oliver to the plaintiff or plaintiffs in every such action, or his fiance of his or their attorney, a notice in writing, signed by the defendant or defence| defendants, or his or their attqrney, of the substance of the defence or defences which he or they intend to rely upon, six days before the trial of such action, in case the fame is to be trjed in London or Middlesex; and eight days before the trial thereof, in and shall not case tj^e fame js l0 trjeci jn any other county 5 and the de-lf^nyVmatters fendant or defendants shall not, by virtue of this act, be per-not contained mitted, at the trial of any such action, tq give evidence of any therein, matters not contained in such notice.

CAP. XLVIII,

An act for making the receiving of stolen jewels*, and gold and ftlver plate, in the case of burglary and highway rob-

bery, more penal.

Preamble. WTHE REAS the facility with which Jiolen , and gold V V and filleer plate, are disposed of, is one principal of the

\frequent commisson of burglaries and highway robberies; and the present laws against the receiving of stolen goods, are found insufficient to deter persons from that pr office: may it therefore please your -jessy, that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King's most 1^0^persons excellent majesty, by and with the advice and coqfent of the receiving jew- lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par-els, gold or liament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That iUver plate, every person, who from and after the nrft day of June, one knowinediem t^oufand seven hundred and seventy, shall buy or receive any to be stolen, stolen jewel or jewels, or any stolen gold or silver plate, watch or watches, knowing the fame to have been stolen, shall, in all cases where such jewel or jewels, or gold or ftlvpr plate, shall triable as well have been felonioufty stolen, accompanied with 3 burglary ac-betore as after tually committed in the dealing the fame, or shall have been conviftionof felonioufty taken by a robbery on the highway, shall be triable - and on as before conviction of the principal felon? in fpeh felony

* * and

v^

i^6gf| Ann&decimo Georgii III. c. 49? 25$

md burglary br robbery, whether he shall be in or out of custo- conviction, to dy, as after his conviction: and if any person, so buying Qr re- betransporte* cciving such jewel or jewels, or gold or silver plate, shall be coil- or years* viCted thereof, he shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and be transpOrted to some of his Majesty's plantations in America for the space of fourteen years, according to the laws in force for transportation of felons*

CAP. XLIX.

jltt, act for continuing and amending several for preventing abuses in making bricks and .

WHEREAS/^/ laws herein after mentioned have been found

to be very useful and beneficial, and are near expiring: may it please your Majesty* that it may be enacted; and bp it enacted

by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the adviee and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com* mons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho* rity of the fame. That an act made in the twelfth year of the Act i» Geo. i. reign of his majesty King George the First, intituled, An prevent abuses in the making of bricks and , to the

dimenftons thereof and to prevent all unlawful combinations amongst any brickmakers or tilemakers within fifteen miles of the city ^London, in order to advance or enhance tie price of bricks or tiles; and Q an act made in the second year of the reign of his majesty King * 80,11 George the second, intituled, An act to explain and amend an act made in the twelfth year of his late Majestys , intituled* An a to prevent abuses in the making of bricks and tiles, and to ascertain the dimenftons thereof, and to prevent all unlawful combinations amongst any bricklayers or tilemakers, within fifteen miles of the city of London, in order to advance or enhance the price, of bricks or tiles; and an act made in the third year of his said 3 *#

Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for amending the acts therein mentioned relating to the making of bricks; and also so much of an andfomuchof act made in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty,80 °* 3*

intituled. An act for reviving several acts for preventing abuses in making bricks and tiles; and for indemnifying justices of the and others* who have acted under the said a fts; and for indemnifying '

perfotis who have omitted to make arid file affidavits; and for allowing further time for paying duties omitted to be paid upon with

clerks and apprentices; for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills* lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity , and

loft* burnt * or defiroyed; and for repaying to Joseph Glower and

John Gill the duty by them paid on a cargo of ,. and foil allowing

the fame to be landedfor home consumption; and for preventing parish, poor being paid in base or counterfeit coin $ as relates to pricks and as relate to tiles, which were to have continuance to the end of this fef- bricks and (ion of parliament, shall be, and the fame are hereby further con- coti- * tinued from the expiration thereof, to the twenty-ninth day of nuedto *9* September* on$ thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and Sept. 177$,

from *c.

to be turned once between i Feb. and time of making.

Persons in London, c. to dig brick-earth at any time.

bricks.

Sieves not to

between the

356 AnnodedmoGEOfeGlt III. £.49?

from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament. Clay for mak* II, And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Ing bricks for cjay which shall be dug or designed for making any bricks a e for sale, in any place or places within the kingdom of England,

shall be turned at Ieaft once between the first day of February and the time of beginning to make such bricks; and if any person or persons shall make any bricks of any clay which shall not be turned once within the said time, he or they shall forfeit and oiTpenalty of pay the sum of ten shillings for every thousand of bricks so los „ter 1000 made; to be levied, recovered, and applied, in such manner as one s. other penalties and forfeitures are directed to be recovered, levied, and applied by the said former acts, or this present act.

III. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons withii^|he said city of London, and limits aforesaid, to dig or cause to be dug, at any time in the

so as'the fame year, brick-earth for the making of bricks, provided such earth he turned ' is turned once before the fame is made into bricks; any thing Smadeikit** *n t*lc rcc*tc<^ of the twelfth year of his late majesty King George the first, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That exceed a quar- the (ize of the (ieves or fereens for lifting or fereening sea coal ter of an inch ashes to mixed with brick-earth, in the making of bricks,

shall not exceed one quarter of an inch between the mafties of such (ieve or fereen; any thing in the said recited acts, or any of them to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

V. And &e it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons

burning bricks whom (bever, to use cinders (commonly called Breeze) only in in damps. the burning Qf bricks in clamps; any thing in the said act of * the third year of his said late Majesty to the contrary notwithstanding.

Bricks 8 inch- y ing whereas the dimenf of bricks preferred in and by the long* Abroad said recited08s, have been found inconvenient within the city

and » and an* don, and liberties and fubvrbs ; be it further enacted by the

half thick, authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act,

exempted it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons what-

fom penal y. make and bum bricks within the said city and limits.

Which, when burnt, shall not be less than eight inches and an half long, nor left than four inches broad, nor less than two inches and an half thick; and that no penalty shall be incurred for or in respect of bricks of the said dimensions; any thing in the said recited acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter the dimensions of

more than ic prescribed in the said act of the twelfth year of George the

miles from 5 first* which shall be made within any part of , beyond

the said diftahee of fifteen miles of the said city of London.

VIII. And whereas the method of recovering the penalties and feituresdmposed in and by the said acts has been found

be

Breeze to be used only in

This act not to extend to bricks made

London.

v^

1769*] Anno dec!mo GEORGII III. c.49. 557

be it enabled. That from and after the patting of this act, all penalties and forfeitures by the said acts inflicted or authorised to be imposed, shall and may, upon proof of the offences respectively, and conviction before any justice of the peace of the county, riding, division, or place, wherein the offence shall be committed $ which justice is hereby authorised and impowered to hear and determine the fame, either by the confession of the * party or parties, or by the oath of one witness, be levied by di- Penalties may stress and sale of the goods and chattels of the party dr parties dfftrefs - by offending, by warrant or warrants under the hand and seal of * such justice (which warrant or warrants such justice is hereby authorised and required to grant for those purposes, and to administer such oath gratis) and the overplus, after such penalties and forfeitures, and the charges of such distress and sale are re* covered and deducted, shall be returned on demand to the owner or owners of such goods and chattels 5 and all such penal* an(* applied ties and forfeitures shall, from time to time, be paid, one moie- fnfomer the ty thereof to the informer, and the other moiety thereof to the other to the poor of the parish wherein the offender or offenders shall live; poor* and in case sufficient distress shall not be found, or such penal* Jfj w3nt^ ties and fprfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be law-dermay be ful for such justice, and he is hereby authorised and required by committed* warrant or warrants under his hand and seal, to cause such offender or offenders to be committed to the common goal or house of correction for the county, riding, division, or place where the matter shall arise there to remain without bail or maioprize for any time not exceeding two calendar months, unless such penalties and forfeitures, and all reasonable charges,

shall be sooner paid and satisfied*

IX. And9 for the more eafyand speedy conviction of offenders - Conviction to

gainst this or anyr of the said acts9 be it further enacted, That all be drawn up

and every the justice or justices of the peace, before whom in the follow-any person or persons shall be convicted of any offence against in£ fornu this or any of the said acts, shall and may cause the conviction to be drawn up in the following form of words, or in any form of words to the fame effedf, as the case shall happen j

B

E it remembered, That on the

day of

the year of our Lord A B before me

C D, one of his Majestfs jujliees of the peace for the county or place of '

(specifying the offence, and time and place when and where the fame was committed, as the case shall be).

> Given under my hand and seal the day and year aforesaid.

X. Provided always, and be it. enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no penalty infli$e4 by the said former adisor thi*

4 a<-*>

35$ Anno Seclmo GeoUgiI til c.50. £1769*

Penalties in act, in respect of the dimensions of bricks, shall be recovered, respectofdi- unless the information shall be laid within the space of one brick^ijotto mont^ next after the sale or delivery of such bricks in respect of be recovered, which such penalty shall be incurred, nor shall any person be li-unless infer- able to more than one penalty for any one offence, j

nation belaid XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-nonth after aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall think him, sale, &c. her, or themselves aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of Persons ag- this act, such person or persons may, within the space oif four grieved nay calendar months after the cause of complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the appeal to the justices of the peace at any general quarter sessions 2onT*Cr t^e Peace for the county, riding, division or place, wherein

* the cause of cothplaint shall arise; such appellant first giving, or

giving notice, causing to be given twenty-one entire days notice at the least in writing of his or her intention to bring such appeal, and of the cause or matter thereof to the person or persons whose acts are complained against, and within eight days after such notice, en-and entering tering into a recognizance before some justice of the peace for into recogru- the respective county, riding, division or place, with two suffi-zance. clent furet|CSi conditioned to try such appeal at, and abide the drder of, and pay such costs as shall be awarded by the justices Justice* to de- at quarter-sessions: and the said justices at their said fef-termine final- (ions, upon due proof of such notice being given as aforesaid, ly, and of the entering into such recognizance, shall proceed in and

hear and finally determine the causes and matters of such appeals and award in a summary way, and award such costs to the party appealing

coft8, or appealed against, as they the said justices shall think proper 5

and the determination of such quarter-sessions (half be binding and conclusive to all intents and purposes; and no order made concerning any of the matters aforesaid or any other proceedings to be had touching the conviction or convictions of any offender against this or any of the said acts, shall be quashed for want of No Certiorari, form, or be removed by certiorari or any other writ or process whatsoever into any of his Majesty's courts of record at minster.

CAP. L.

an Act for the further preventing delays by reason

of privilege of parliament*

Preamble* XT/HERE AS the several laws heretofore made for refraining the

VV privilege of parliament, with to actions or suits com-

menced and prosecuted at any time from and immediately after the solution or prorogation of any , until a new parliament Should

meet,, or the fame be reaffembled; and from and immediately after an adjournment of both houjes of parliament for above the space of fourteen days, until both houses Should meet or assemble; are insufficient to ' obviate the inconvemencies arijing from the delay by reason of

privilege of parliament; whereby the parties often lose the benefit of several terms: for the preventing all delays toe King or his subjects may receive in prosecuting their several rights, titles, debts, dues, -

mands.

t^

-1] Anno decline GeoSGii III. c.50359

Hands, or suits, for which they have cause; be it enacted by the After *4 June,

King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con- ^ruTecT sent.of the lords spiritual aJnd temporal, and commons in this inCourtsCofre. present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, card, equity. That from and after the twenty-fourth da?y of juiie one thou-or admiralty} sand seven hundred and feyenty, any person or persons shall and and courts may, at any time, commence and profeciite any action or suit in having cog-any court of record, or court of equity, or of admiralty, and in cau^matrt-all causes matrimonial and testamentary, in any court having monial and * Cognizance of causes matrimonial and teftamenfary, again# any testamentary, peer or lord of parliament Of Great Brita, or agaihft any of the against peers, knights, citizens, and bufgefles, and the commisioners for of thThouserS shires and burghs of the house of commons of Great Britain for commons and the time being, or against their or any of their menial or any their lervants, bther servants, or any other person intitled to the privilege of parliament of Great Britain; and no such action, suit, or any o- But the per-ther process or proceeding thereupon, shall at any time be im-f°n$ of^mem-peached, (fayed, or delayed, by or under colour or pretence of J^Sf°ffthe any privilege of parliament. mons; noft™*

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the au- be arrested or thority aforesaid, That nothing in this a(51 shall extend to subje<$t imprilorjed, the person of any of the knights, citizens, and burgesses, or the Court out of commisioners of shires and burghs of the house of commons of which writ Great Britain for the time being, t£> be arrested or imprisoned upon any such suit or proceedings. , to be sold and

III And whereas the process by Distringas is dilatory and : money anting

for remedy thereof be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That thereby to be the court out of which the writ proceeds, may order the issues tcJa^ levied from time to time to be sold, and the money arising there- to p a,n' by to be applied to pay such costs to the plaintiff, as the said orpins to be Court shall think just, under all the circumstances, to order; sind retained till the surplus to be retained until the defendant shall have appear- appearance of ed, or other purpose of the writ be answered. Whe°ri pir, #

IV. Provided always, when the purpose of the writ is answered pose is aniwer-that then the said issues shall be returned ; or if fold, what shall ed* issues to be remain of the money arifirtg by such sale, shall be repaid to therctuJ”ci* party distrained upon.

V. And be it further declared and enacted by the authority, maining to

aforesaid, That obedience may be enforced to any rule of his be repaid. . Majesty's courts of king's bench, Common pleas, or exchequer. Obedience to against any person intitled to privilege of parliament, by distress courtotKings infinite, in case any person or persons intitled to the benefit of bench, com-such rule shall chuse to proceed in that way. mon pleas, or

VI. And whereas an act was made in the twelfth and thirteenth exchequer,

years of the reign of King William the thirds An act for forcedV^dif-

preventing any inconveniencies that may happen, by privilege tre(a infinite. ” parliament *> be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That from Act i*and 13 and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, the said act, and Will. 5

also this a ft, shall extend to that part of Great Britain called to

Scotland.

Vol. XXVIII. Bb ‘ CAP.

360

Anno decimo Georgii III. 0.51* [17 69.

Preamble, reciting an act

CAP. LI.

An act to encourage the improvement of ,

and hereditaments, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, held under settlements of firift

WHEREAS by an act of the parliament of Scotland, made in the year one thousand six hundred and eighty-five, -

of the ScottUh tuled, Act concerning taillies, all subjects are -

parliament, powered to taillietheir lands and estates in Scotland with 1685. visions and conditions as they shall think and with such irritant

and resolute clauses as to them shall seem proper; and which when completed and published in the manner by the said

are declared to be real and effectual against purchasers9 , and

others whatsoever: and whereas many taillies of lands and estates in Scotland, made as well before as after the passing the said act, do contain clauses limiting the heirs of entail from granting tickets or leases of a longer endurance than their own lives, or for a small number of years only, whereby the cultivation of land in that part of this kingdom is greatly obstructed, and much mischief arises to the publick \ and which mujl daily increase, so long as the law allowing such entails subsists, if some remedy be not provided: wherefore, to prevent a mischief and inconveniency so hurtful to the publick, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of Proprietors of ^ lame. That it shall and may be lawful to every proprietor entailed estates of an entailed estate within that part of Great Britain called yg1 ant Scotland, to grant tacks or leases of all or any part or parts ** tliereo^ for any number of years not exceeding fourteen years

a* from the term of Whitsunday next after the date thereof, and for the life of one person to be named in such tacks or leases, and or for % lives, in being at the time of making thereof; or for the lives of and life of two persons to be named therein, and in being at the time of making the same, and the life of the survivor of them; or for any number of years, not exceeding thirty-one years from the term aforesaid.

II. Provided always, That every such lease for two lives shall contain a clause obliging the tenant or tenants to fence and inclose, in a sufficient and lading manner, all the lands so leased within the space of thirty years, and two third parts thereof within the space of twenty years, and one third part thereof within the space of ten years, if the said lease shall continue for such respective terms; and that every such lease for any term of years exceeding nineteen years, shall contain a clause, obliging the tenant or tenants to fence and inclose in like manner all the lands so leased during the continuance of to beinclosed. such term, and two third parts thereof before the expiration nf two third parts of such term, and one third part thereof

may ant tac! years

one exilting life;

survivor $ or for 31 years.

specification of terms in which lands so leased are

before the expiration of one third part of such term.

lit. And

L«

it j6g.) Anno decimo Georgii III* c.51;

III. And provided al(b, That every such lease for two lives, heafe for

or for any term of years exceeding nineteen years, shall con- 1V,es»or more tain a clause obliging the tenant or tenants to keep and pre- to^bUge te-** serve the fences, when made, in good and fufncient repair nant to keep during the lease, and to leave them so at the expiration there- fences in re-of; and that no inclosures which shall be made, shall compre- Pair» a"d Fiend more than forty acres in one field; excepting where the a^expiraTion. lands consist of hills or other grounds, incapable or improper Not more by their nature for culture by the plough ; in which case, the than 4.0 acres inclosures may be made of such extent as the nature of the *° compre* ground shall require. ,n

IV. And whereas the building of villages and upon entailed except where

estates may, in many cases, be beneficial to the publick, and might lands are im-

often be undertaken and executed, if heirs of entail were impowered proper for to encourage the fame, by granting long leases of lands for the - yt

pose of building; be it therefore enacted by the authority afore- pui,d-' said. That it shall be, and it is hereby declared to be, in the ieafe8 Jfay power of every proprietor of an entailed estate, to grant leases be granted for of land for the purpose of building, for any number of years 99 years* not exceeding ninety-nine years.

V. Provided always, That not more than five acres shall

be granted to any one person,“either in his own name, or to more^han any other person or persons in trust for him; and that every such lease shall contain a condition that the lease shall be void, person $ and the fame is hereby declared void, if one dwelling-house at conditionally, lead, not under the value of ten pounds , shall not be JJ13*?11*

built within the space of ten years from the date of the lease, housebebuilt, for each one half acre of ground comprehended in the lease; &c. for every and that the said houses shall be kept in good, tenantable, half acre* and sufficient repair; and that the lease shall be void whenever there shall be a less number of dwelling-houses than one, of the value aforesaid, to each one half acre of ground, kept in such repair as aforesaid, (landing upon the ground so leased.

VI. Provided also, That the power of leafing hereby given Manor-place shall not in any case extend to, or be understood to comprC- not to be hend, a power of leafing, or setting in tack, the manor-place, office-houses, gardens, orchards, or inclosures adjacent to the

manor-place, which have usually been in the natural possession

of the proprietor, or have not been usually let for a longer term

than seven years, when the heir in possession was of lawful age \

and that no lease of lands shall be granted, under the autho- nor village

rity of this act, for the purpose of building villages or houses built within

within three hundred yards of the manor-place usually in the 3®° yards

natural possession of the proprietor. 1 erco '

VII. Provided always, and be it enabled, That all leases Lease not to made or to be granted under the authority of this act, shall be begranted for made or granted for a relit not under the relit payable by the relit

lad lease or sett, and without graffum fine or foregift, or any ^theTaft benefit whatsoever, directly or indirectly, reserved or accruing lease j to the grantor, except the relit payable by the lease; and that.nor till de« no such lease shall he granted till after the end or other deter- termination w B b 2 mi- thereof, Sec*

v^

362

Taillie containing ample powers,

Heir in possession may exercise the fame.

Proprietor laying out money for improvement of estate, to be a creditor tofucceed -ing heir for thiee fourths thereof*

J>rovided the atne do not exceed 4 years free relit,after deduction of burdens, &c.

Proprietor irt-tenaing to lay out money on improvements, to give notice thereof i

and lodge a copy thereof with sheriff or steward clerk j and, laying out money with intent

Anno declmo Georgii III. C.51.* . [1769 :

mination of any former lease of the fame premisses; or that such lease, if granted for a time certain, shall be within one year of being determined ; and that all leases otherwise granted shall be void and null.

VIII. And be it provided and declared by the authority aforesaid, That if any taillie shall, either expressly or by implication, contain powers of leafing more ample than are hereby given ; the heirs of entail in pofieflion shall be at liberty to exercise all such powers, in the same manner as if this a<5fc had never been made.

IX. And whereas it may be highly beneficial to the , if proprietors of entailed estates were encouraged to lay out money in in-

clofingy planting, or draining, or in eretting and offi-

ces or out-buildings for the fame, upon their entailed lands^and heritages : and whereas such proprietors may be induced and encouraged so to do, if they, their executors and assigns^ were secured in recovering a reasonable satisfaflion, for the money expended in making such improvements, from the succeeding heirsof entail-, be it there-

fore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every proprietor of an entailed estate who lays out money in inclosing, planting, or draining, or in erecting farm-houses, and offices or outbuildings for the fame, for the improvement of his lands and heritages, shall be a creditor to the succeeding heirs of entail for three fourth parts of the money laid out in making the said improvements.

X. Provided always, That the sum or Aims of money laid out upon such improvements, by any one heir of entail during his or her pofieflion, (half not, in any case whatever, be effectual to constitute a claim against the succeeding heir of entail, for more than four years free relit of the said entailed estate, after deduction of all publick burdens, life-rents, and interests of debts, which may affect the said estate, as the fame shall happen to be at the first term of Whitsunday after the death of the heir who expended the money claimed.

XI. Provided also, That every proprietor of an entailed

estate, who intends to lay out money on such improvements, shall, three months at lead before he begins to execute the fame, give notice in writing to the heir of entail next entitled to succeed to the said estate after the heirs of the body of the said proprietor, if within Great Britain or , and if the

heir next entitled to succeed is not within Great Britain or Ireland, shall give notice in writing to the nearest male relation by his father of lawful age, or to his known factor or attorney, of such his intention, specifying in such notice the kind of improvement intended, and the farms or parts of the estate upon which the improvements are intended to be made 5 and shall lodge a copy thereof with the sheriff or steward clerk of the county wherein the lands lie.

XII. Provided likewise. That the proprietor of arJ entailed estate, who lays out money in making improvements upon his entailed estate* with an intent of being a creditor to the succeeding

769.] Anno decimo Georgii III. C.51.

ceeding heirs of entail in the manner above expressed, (hallt0 become annually, during the making such improvements, within the ^oc Jfpace of four months after the term of Martinmas, lodge with-nually .with" the sheriff or steward clerk of the county within which the the sheriff or lands and heritages improved are (ituated, an account of the steward clerk, money expended by him in such improvement during twelve months preceding that term of Martinmas, subscribed by him, pCnd$d‘,&c." with the vouchers by which the account is to be supported when payment shall be demanded or sued for.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enabled. That when Hejr of entail

a sum equal to four years free relit shall have been laid out, laying out in manner above mentioned, by one or more heir or heirs of four years entail, and shall remain a subsisting charge against the succeed- ffee r?nt» ing heirs; it shall not be lawful for any subsequent heir or subsequent heirs to layout anymore money under the authority of this heir not to lay act, for any of the improvements afore-mentioned. out more,

XIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Sheriff and all sheriff or (lewart clerks, with whom the accounts, vouch- steward clerks ers, and copies of notice shall be lodged, shall, within the

space of one month thereafter, record them in a book to be vouc ers* kept for that purpose, and return them when called fqr; and shall make the book patent to all persons desirous to (be the fame; . and shall give certified copies or extradfc of all ac- and ma]ce cocounts, voucherS^and copies of notice recorded, they receiving pies thereof, for their trouble the usual fees for recording writing and giving FeC8 fQr the out extradls, and sixpence sterling from each person who shall have inspection of the book wherein the accqunts, vouchers, and copies of notice shall be recorded.

XV. And 'be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That suceeffive the executor or executors, assignee or. atfigns, or other per- claims may son or persons, having right to the claim arising from money be made for expended by the proprietor of an entailed estate in.the im- “^S'wSth provement thereof, may, after the expiration of qne year from nJterdh ** the death of the heir who expended the money, require the

heir next fuqceeding to the estate, to pay such part thereof as is due by the authority of this act, with the legal interest, from the term at which the succeeding heir's right to the rents of the estate did commence, upon receiving a proper discharge and assignment of the said claim; and it the money is not paid On nonpay-within three months of such requisition, it shall then be lawful ment within for the person or persons having right, to institute an action in the court of session against the heir then in possession, for instituted compelling hini to pay the money, and interest thereof; and against heir upon obtaining a decree, he, (he, or they shall be at liberty to so possession. use every kind of diligence or execution, authorised by the law of Scotland in recovering payment of debts, excepting adjudication against the entailed estate improved ; and in all questions persons ob-of competition for the rents of the entailed estate, the person taining de-or persons who have sued for and obtained a decree under the cree, to hav« authority of this act, or the person or persons having right to Kher^redi*

Bb, 3 fuchtors.

3H

Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 51; [17^9^

such decree, shall be preferred to the other creditors of the heir of entail who has succeeded to the estate.

. f XVI, Provided always, That when any heir in possession. is

money due^or ^uec* ^or money due on account of improvements made tip-improve- on an entailed estate, under the authority of this act, he shall

ments, be discharged in all cases from such suit, upon his aligning

** ^ an<^ ^e&dally conveying to the creditor or creditors one third conveying to Part t^ie c^ear rents entailed estate, during his life,

creditors one or until the money so due shall thereby be paid off and dif-third of clear charged.

rents, &c. XVII, And whereas it may happen that the heir of entail, who next succeeds the proprietor who expended the money in the improvement of the entailed estate, may , before the money due by him on account of improvements made upon the estate is , by which the person or persons in the right of the money due may be embarrajfed in

p f ' the recovering payment: for remedy be it enacted by the au-

right of mo- thority aforesaid, That the person or persons in the right of ney due, may the money due, may either sue the heirs and successors of the sue the heirs said next heir of entail in any other than the entailed estate, or the heir of entail next succeeding to him, or both, and use every kind of diligence or execution, authorised by the law of Scotland in the recovering payment of debts, against them and their estates, excepting adjudication against the entailed estate, until the money due is fully satisfied and paid 5 and the perform or persons in the right of the money due shall, in any competition for the rents of the entailed estates, be preferred to the personal creditors of the heir of entail in possession; and the person or persons in the right of the money due, in like planner shall be intitled to sue every succeeding heir of entail, until the money is satisfied and paid; and shall have the fame pre-wlfMike ore- ference to the rents of the entailed estate in competition, with ference. P the creditors of such heirs of entail.

Relief compe- XVIII. Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority

tent to.fuc- aforesaid. That the heir who next succeeds in the entailed e-ceflive heirs, state to the proprietor who expended the mpney, under the auto the extent thority of this act, in making improvements upon the eftajte, o one t lrd anj t^e hejrs an(j successors of such heir, shall be bound tq relieve all subsequent heirs of all or such parts of the debt, incurred by the improvement of the estate under the authority of fhis act, as shall be paid by them, to the extent of one thwj part of the rents which have come to the use of such first succeeding heir, or to the use of his heirs or executors$ and wfyeq the third part of the rents which have come to the use of the first succeeding heir, or to his heirs or executors, are <exhacft-jed, then the next succeeding heir, and his heirs apd successors, shall in like manner be bound to relieve all subsequent heirsj to the extent of one third part of the rents which have come to their use; hnd relief shall in like manner be competent tq every succeeding heir who shall pay, against the heirs and successors of the preceding heir.

XI2£. Provided alio,-and be it enacted by the authority a-

of next heir, or heir next succeeding,

and, in competition, shall be preferred to oer-fonal creditors,

.and likewise succeeding heirs.

part of the rents.

Heirs of en* tail. Seelued

foresaid.

t y6gS\ Anno decimo Georgii 3IL c.$i. 365

foresaid, That when the heirs and successors of an heir of en-?n account of tail, in any other than the entailed estate, are sued for the mo-imProve* ney due on account of improvements made upon an entailed men 3# estate under the authority of this act, they shall be discharged bedif-in all cases from such suits, upon making payment of one third payment of part of the rents of the entailed estate which have come to the one third of use of such heir of entail, or to the use of his said heirs or fuc- their rents, ceflors.

XX. And whereas inconveniencies and might arise from

the executor, oJJigneey or other person or having right to the (

claim arising from money expended by the proprietor of an entailed e-Jiate in the improvement thereof their not timeously requiring the heir next fuceeeding in the estate to pay what they are inti tied to receive by authority of this act* and suing such heir to compel him to pay^ if payment is not made: for remedy whereof be it enabled by

the authority aforesaid, That the executor, assignee, or other claimant of person or persons having right to the claim arising from money money ex-oxpended by the proprietor of an entailed estate in the im- pended by provement thereof, shall be obliged, within the space of two J£?pay^ years after the death of the proprietor who expended the mo- within ney, to require payment from the fuceeeding heir; and within years after the space of six months after the elapse of the said two years, his decease, to institute an action, if the money is not paid, in the court of of fucceedlnS session; and to proceed without delay in recovering a decree ind on non-for the sum due, and doing exa<5t diligence for recovering pay- payment for ment thereof, or atleaft to the amount of one third part of months, to the free rents of the estate which shall have become due to ac*

such fuceeeding heir. tien,&c.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority but neglecting aforesaid, That the executor, assignee, or other person or per- so to do* fons, having right to the claim arising from money expended

by the proprietor of an entailed estate, who shall neglect to

require the next, or any other fuceeeding heir or heirs to pay,

and shall allow such fuceeeding heir or heirs to die without re- „„.

r . . ° . . . e mid not reco-

covering payment from him or them to the amount of one Vering one

third part, at least, of the rents that shall have become due to third part of

such heir or heirs, shall cease to be creditor to the subsequent rents, &c. be*

fuceeeding heir or heirs respectively, to the extent of one third £°!Jehl5

part of the rents which shall have become due to the heir or shall cease to

heirs so deceasing as aforesaid; and shall be intitled to recover be creditor to

payment of his claim to the extent of such third part of the subsequent

rents, from the executors or heirs only of the first or any o- *or

ther fuceeeding heir or heirs, in any other estate than the en- and

tailed estate; and shall be intitled to recover payment of the third part to

surplus of his claim, if any be, and no more, from the subse- be recoverable

quent fuceeeding heir or heirs respe<$tively. execiftors

XXII. And whereas it may happen that the , who next fuc- of firit heirs teeds to the proprietor who expended money in making improvements See,

upon an entailed estate, may pay all or part of the money due on and surplus, count of such improvements, and may not live so long as to be indem- from Ibbfe-

nifed'by the third part of the rents which shall come to his ufey or ?ng hein^ "

JBb

to

Heir first succeeding, not Jiving long enough to be indemnified for what he pays,

hie executors may sue iuc-ceeding heir of entail for relief, &c. Like relief to executors of every heir who is not repaid.

fyloney expended in making improvements, not to be made ^fe of as a ground of debt; for adjudging estates.

Heir of entail Succeeding to estate upon which improvements have been jpade,

excluded from making claim of debt.

On judge-mentobtaiped against Heir^ for whole debt created by improvements,

Defendertobe Jiable in full cofts}

otherwise, court to a-ward coifs at ddcretion.

Heir of entail, after having Completed im* provefcnents, v

r ' , n

Anno decimo Georgii III. e.51. [1769^

to the use of his heirs or executors ; be it therefore enacted by the

authority aforesaid. That if the heir who first succeeds in the entailed estate to the proprietor who expended the money, does pay all or part of the money due on account of the improvements made, and shall not live long enough to be indemnified of what he pays by one third part of the rents that fhaJI come to his use, or to the use of his heirs or executors; it shall be competent to his executors or assigns to sue the succeeding heir of entail for reljef of such part of the money as shall not be repaid by the thifd part of the rents which have come to his use, or to the use of his heirs or executors; and relief shall in like manner be competent to the executors or assigns of every heir of entail who pays more than is repaid by the third part of the rents which have come to his use, or to the use of his heirs and executors.

XXIII. And be it further ena<$ted by the authority aforesaid, That no money expended in making improvements upon an entailed estate, for which a decree shall be obtained in the court of session, shall be made use of as a ground of debt for adjudging the estate upon which the improvements have been made ; and if any decree of adjudication shall be obtained against the entailed estate for such debts, every such decree shall gnd is hereby declared to be void.

XXIV* And be it also enacted by the authority afprbfaid. That if,the heir of eptail who shall succeed to an entailed e-ftatp upon which improvements have been made, shall have right to a claim of debt arising from the making of such improvements as next of kin, or by the will or settlements of the heir of entail who expended the money; in every such case, the claim of debt shall and is hereby declared to bp e^tinguilhr ed for ever, and shall never be fet pp a£ a debt against .any Succeeding heir,

XXVt And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any hpir of entail, against whom a debt is created for improvements made on the entail.ed estate to which he succeeds, shall refuse to pay the money required of him under the autho? rity of this and that decree shall be obtained against him for the whole of the sum or sums of money of which he shall bp required tQ make payment; in every such case the defender shall be liable in full costs of suit; and if decree is not obtained for the full sum or sums of money of which paymeqt has beeq required, it shall be in the discretion of the court to award cpfts of Aiit to either party, as the justice of the case shall direeft.

XXVI. And lyhereas questions arifi concerning the amount of the sums laid out under the authority of this afty at a great custance of timey when the material witnejjes may be cUad; for remedy whereof and for ascertaining, due tirne} the amount of the sums so expended; be it therefore farther enabled, That it shall and may be lawful for every heir of entail, after he shall have \ % \d out paopey upon the impfoveojeqt of his entajfed ^state 9$

v^

. g 7^9*1 Anno dec!mo Georgii III, c. 51. 3

aforesaid, and shall have completed the improvement of all or any particular part of such estate, to bring, if he shall think may bring proper, an a<ftion of declarator before the court of session, or a a<5hon of process before the {heriff, in which he shall call the heir next declarator,^ intitled to succeed after the heirs of his own body, and shall in such suit produce proper evidence of the money laid out in and produce such improvements; and the said next heir, or any other heir evidence of of entail, shall be intitled to produce proper evidence to fet ™ney la d alide or diminish the said claim : and it shall and may be law-ful for the said court of session, or for the said sheriff, to pro- flon,&c. may nounce a decree for such part of the said sum, as, by the true decree what intent and meaning of this act, is intended to become a charge sum shall be 3gainst the succeeding heirs in the said entailed estate 5 which decree, if pronounced by the sheriff, shall become final* unless heirs,6&cf carried to the court of session by suspension within six months * after the fame shall have been pronounced ; and if pronounced by the court of session, either in such process of declarator or suspension, shall be final, if an appeal is not brought within twelve rndnths.

XXVII. And whereas it frequently happens that there are not,

upon entailed estates, mansion-houses and offices suitable to the ,

and fit for the accommodation of the heirs of entail; and that mansion-houses and offices upon entailed estates are sometimes defrayed by

fire, or from other accidental causes, or become insufficient by length of time; and it being beneficial to the public to encourage heirs of entail, in such cases, to build houses and offices suitable to their , and fit for the accommodation of their families', be it therefore e-na&ed by the authority aforesaid, That every'heir of entail who Heir of en-Uys out money in building a mansion-house or offices, or intail building repairing or adding to the mansion-house or offices upon his hJfufe10^..-estate, shall be a creditor to the next succeeding heir of entail to be a cre-for three fourth parts of the money expended by him. ditor to fuc-

XXVIII. Provided always, That the sum or sums of money £ee<li£S h*,r laid out by any one heir of entail, in the building a mansion- fourth parts house or offices, or in the repairing or adding to the mansion- of the ex-houses or offices, shall not, in any case whatever, be effectual pence:

to constitute a claim against the succeeding heir of entail for Put the fame more than two years relit of the said entailed estate, after de- Vyears du<5tion of all publick burdens, life rents, and interests of relit, after debts, which may affelt the said estate, as the fame shall hap- burdens, &c. pen to be at the first term of Whitsunday after the death of deduced, the heir who expended the money claimed.

XXIX. Provided also, That the proprietor of the entailed Proprietors estate, who lays out the money, shall, previous thereto, give laying out notice in writing to the heir of entail next intitled to succeed to money, to the said estate after the heirs of his own body; and record|jjT copies of the fame, together with the accounts of the money copiesCthere-expended, and the vouchers thereof, in the sheriff or steward of.

court books of the county within which the mansion-houses and offices are fttuated, in the form and manner above directed ' ! ' ' ' yjrith-

t^

3^8

'Anno dedmo Georgii III. c.

5t;

xrith regard to monies expended in making improvements upon entailed estates-Persons hav- XXX. And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That ing right to the executor or executors, assignee or assignees, or other per-claim f01*™)- Ton or persons having right to the claim arising from money by^roprietor exPen(^e(^ by proprietor of an entailed estate, in the build-in building ing a mansion-house or offices, or in the repairing or adding mantion- to the mansion-house or offices upon his estate, may, after the house, <&c. expiration of one year from the death of the heir who expend-year* after*11 * t^e money> require the heir next succeeding to the estate to decease, re- Pay t*le whole, or such part thereof as is due by the authority quire heir fuc- of this act, with the legal interest from the term at which the cetdingtopay succeeding heir's right to the rents of the estate did commence, withinterest* uPort receiving a proper discharge and assignment of the said and on non * snd if the money is not paid within three months of

payment for requisition, it shall be lawful for the person or persons

3 months, having right, to sue the next succeeding heir, in the manner a-may fuc. bove directed for the recovering of money expended in the improvement of entailed estates.

Rules enacted XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-with respect said. That the same rules of relief among succeeding heirs of to proprietors entail, and their heirs and successors, of the claim of debt, and ”fe"g ,nJ‘ of preference in competition for rents, and in subjecting de-eximded^to* ^en^ers to the payment of costs, and for ascertaining the amount of the sum laid out, shall take place with regard to monies expended in the building, repairing, or adding to the mansion-houles of offices upon entailed estates under the authority of this act, as are before enacted, with respect to monies expended by proprietors of entailed estates, in making improvements upon their estates for increasing the rents and value of them.

XXXII. And whereas it may frequently , that the ing of lands in Scotland may be retarded or , or at

rendered inconvenient, by heirs of entail not having it in their power to exchange small parcels of the lands of their entailed estates for o~ ther lands convenient for the entailed , and more conducive to the improvement of the country in general: for remedy whereof be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for proprietors of entailed estates to excatnb or make exchanges of land, with all and every person or persons, for the conveniency and advantage of the said estates, and for the improvement of the country where such estates are situated, by inclosing or otherways.

Limitation of XXXIII. Provided, That not more than thirty acres of quantity to arable land, nor more than one hundred acres of lands confifh-beexchangedi ing of hills or other grounds incapable or improper by their nature for culture by the plough, of such entailed estates, lying together in one place or plot, shall be given in exchange; and for which that an equivalent in land, contiguous to the entailed estate an equivalent with which the exchange is to be made, shall be received in from lands ^ pkcpofthe land given in exchange; and for ascertaining and contiguous. ad-

claims here mentioned.

Proprietors of entailed estates impowered to exchange lands:

ty6g.'] Anno dechno Geokoii III. C. fftl cgljg

adjusting the , value of the lands proposed to be exchanged, an Value of land# application shall be made for that purpose, by the proprietor £xchangf*h of the entailed estate, to the fherifF or steward of the county

within which the entailed estate is situated, who thereupon * shall appoint two or more skilful persons to inspect: and adjust the value of the lands proposed to be excambed or exchanged; and upon such persons settling the marches of the lands proposed to be exchanged, and reporting upon oath that the exchange will be just and equal, the sheriff or steward may, and is hereby required to authorise the exchange to be made by a contract: of excambion; and which being executed and record- an(j propertfr ed in the sheriff or steward books within three months after the thereofde^* execution thereof, the fame shall be effectual to all intents and mined, purposes; and the land given in exchange to the entailed estate shall be held to be a part thereof, and shall be subject to all the prohibitory, irritant, and refolutive clauses of the entail* in the same manner as if it had been originally a part of the estate; and the lands given from the entailed estate shall from thenceforth be held as out of the entail, and be liberated from all the prohibitory, irritant, and refolutive clauses thereof.

XXXIV. And be it further enabled and declared by the au- This act to tliority aforesaid. That this act shall extend to, and compre- extend to ait bend, all tallies of lands or heritages in that part of tallies made Britain called Scotland, made or to be made, and whether prior in Scotland, or posterior to the said act made in the year one thousand Pr posterior to $x hundred and eighty-five. the act of

CAP. LIL

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned, fox the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy $ and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session or parliament.

Preamble. 1,700,000 b granted out of the sinking fund, for the fervia* of the current year; to be issued by the treasury accordingly. Treasury impowered to raise the said sum, or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the sinking fund; and to strike tallies of loan; with orders for repayment of the money so advanced ; and interest payable quarterly. Orders to be registered in course. No undue preference tt> be given in payment, nor fee to be taken j on forfeiture of treble damages, with full costs. Penalty of undue preference in point of registry or payment} to be recovered in any of the courts of record at West-nfinster. No undue preference in the registering, where tallies or orders are brought the fame day} nor if subsequent orders are paid before others riot brought in course, 16 as money be referred for the precedent orders.

Power ot alignment, and method of transferring of orders. If it shall bp judged more adyifeable, the treasury may raise the said sum by exchequer bills, instead of loans; the bills in such case to be made as those preferib-,ed by the malt act of this session. All advantages and penalties in the malt act of this session, relating to loans or exchequer bills thereby authorised to be made forth, extended to this act. The said exchequer bills, interest, and charges, are to be paid out of the sinking fund. Bank authorised to lend the said sum, .notwithstanding aft 5 & 6 Will. & Mary.

The sum of 299^3751> 6 s. 6 d. 1 q. lurplus of the sinking fund in the exchequer on 5 Jan 17705 773,*40!. 16s. aq. and 13,5961. 5s. iod«

q. Surpluses Remaining iq. t|ie exchequer on 5 Aprtf, 1770 j 400,0001.

Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 52. [1769,

directed by a6tof last ftffion; and such money as shall be paid into the exchequer between 6 April 1770 and 5 April 1771, of the duties oh Gum Senega and Gum Arabick, charged by act 5 Geo. 3. to be applied for the service of the current year. 20,0001. out of monies paid into the cxche. quer between 6 April 1770 and 5 April 1771, being the produce of duties refer ved towards expence of defending, &c. the British colonies in Arne, rica, &c. towards making good the sum granted for maintaining the garrisons in the plantations, and for provisions for the forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, and the Ceded islands; and 55,4951.

15 s. 8d. iq. remaining in the office of the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces, and 394.81. 3 s. 7d. final balance of account of Thomas earl of Kinnoul, to be applied towards defraying the extraordinary expences of the land forces, &c. incurred to 26 Dec. 1769, and not provided for. Appropriation of the supplies. The monies arising by the malt tax, land tax, loans, lottery, and 299,3751. 6 s. 6 d. 1 q. remaining in the exchequer on 5 Jan, 1770, surplus of the sinking fund 3 and 773, *40!.

16 s. 2q. and 13,5961. 5 s. 10 d. aq. Surpluses remaining on 5 April *7705 and 400,000). payable by act of lait fcffionj and such monies as shall be paid into the exchequer between 6 Apr. 1770 and 5 Apr. 1771, of the produce of the duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabic 3 and

1.700.0001. granted by this act out of the unking fund, together with the residue or the monies anting from the sale of French prizes taken before the declaration of war 3 and also such monies as his Majesty shall di-re&, out of monies arising by sale of ceded lands in the West Indies 3 viz. out of the aforesaid aids, 1,522,0671. is. 11 d. towards naval services herein specified 3 100,0001. towards paying off the debtof the navy 3 166,9841.11 s. 5d. for charge of the office ot ordnance, 40,9331. 10 s. 8 d. to the said office, for services performed in 1769, not provided for. 1,468,4871. is. 10d. and one eighth of a penny, towards the land forces, and other services in general3 of which 624,9911. ad. for defraying the charge of 17.666 effective men, &c. and 1521 invalids, for guards and garrisons, See.in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey; 363,2481. is. 11 d. and one eighth of a penny, for guards and garrisons in the plantations, an.d Africa, Minorca, and Gibraltar, and provisions for the forces abroad 3 4,533!. 12 s. 8d> to make good the difference of pay between the British and Irish establishment, of troops in the isle of Man, Gibraltar, Minorca, and "ceded islands. 12,203 1. 18 s. 'fid; aq. for general and general staff officers 5 123,2331. as. 6d. to the reduced officers of the land forces and marines 3 1,2801. is. 3d. to the two troops of horse guards, and regiment of horle.reduced 3 and to the superannuated gentlemen of the 4 troops of horse guards3 4,513 .1 16 s. 8d. to reduced officers, with the 10th company of battalions reduced 3 6641. to the petitions of officers widows 3 112,423!. 4s. $d. to the out penfionersof ChelfeaHospital3 175,8201. ns. fid. 2 q. towards extraordinary expences of the land forces, and other services incurred, and not provided forj 45,5651. its. to the land-grave of Hesse Cassel;

1.800.0001. towards paying off exchequer bills issued pursuant to an act of last leflion 3 13,1001, to make good to his Majesty the like sum issued pursuant to the addresses of the house of commons; 20001. for apaffage to the house of commons 3 4,2391. 5 d. for supporting the civil establish-ment of Nova Scotia 3 3,0861. for the civil establishment of Georgia 3 4.7501. for the civil establishment of East Florida 3 4,800b for the civil establishment of West Florida; 1,885 b 4 s. towards expence of general surveys in America; 13,000b for the forts and settlements in Africa, under the direction of the committee of the African company; 5550 I charges, of the civil establHhment of Senegambia 3 9,650 b to the Foundling Hospital; 3,5001. towards apprenticing children from thence; 5000 b to inhabitants of Barbadoes, to defray ex pence of cleansing the channel, &c. 50001, to Levant company; 2000 b to trustees of the British Mufseuin. 72,000 b for discharging debts claimed upon forfeited estates, and the annuity claimed by Mary Mackenzie, widow, and for purchase of superiorities, &c. 6,998b 10s. 2d. towards roads of communication sind bridges in the Highlands of North Britain, 7961, 7.S, 6d. to make

■■ §°°4

v^

1769. ] Anno decimo Georgii III, C.5571

good to his Majesty the like sum, paid to several persons in the county of Southampton, in full satisfaction for the Losses they have incurred, pursuant to orders of council for preventing the spreading of the distemper amongst the homed cattle; 6,1951. 8s. nd. to enable his Majesty to make compensation to Fran.Dalby, merchant, for the lo(s of his ship the Britannia, &c. 46,463 1. is s. 8 d. to replace to the sinking fund the like sum paid out of the fame, to make good the deficiency of the fund for paying annuities established by act 31 Geo. s; 55,0111. 7 s. 5 d. 2 q. to make good the deficiency of the grants for the year 1769; The said aids to be applied only to the uses before mentioned. Rules to be observed in the application of the half-pay. Act 9 Geo. 3. Rules to be observed in the application of the surplus of the sums appropriated to the payment of reduced officers. Treasury to issue to the receiver-general of the land rents and cafualdes in Scotland a sum not exceeding 71,0001. towards paying debts, and discharging Mary Mackenzie's annuity and prices agreed to be paid to lords luperiors, Sec. Creditors, by « July.

1770, to produce, in the court of exchequer in Scotland, the decrees sustaining their claims; Barons to make out debentures for sums due thereon, and also for sums, and interest, due to lords fuperiora. Receiver to pay the fame at fight. If decree not produced before c July, 1770,

Claim not to carry interest after the said day. Barons of exchequer, with content of theMreafury, may issue debentures for payment of rewards to officers. Receiver to pay the fame. No fee to be taken from creditor or lord superior, on forfeiture of iool. and repayment of the sum exacted. In case any surplus remain after discharging debts, an*

N nuity, Sec. the fame to be reserved for the disposition of parliament.

CAP. Lin.

An act to repeal an act passed in the year of

the reign of his late majesty King George the intituled^ An act for relief of the coal-heavers working upon the river Thames \ and for enabling them to make provision for such of themselves as shall be sick, lame, or past their labour, and for their widows and orphans; and to regulate the price of their labour; to prevent frauds and impositions on such and for

their further relief

WHEREAS an act made in the thirty-first year of preamble.

reign of his late majesty King George the ,

An act for the relief of the coal-heavers working upon the river Thames; and for enabling them to make a provision for such of themselves as shall be sick, lame, or past their labour, and for their widows and orphans 5 hath been found inejfeftual to answer the good purposes thereby intended; and for want of due regulation in payment of the wages and hire of the said being labourers employed in unloading ships laden with , great impositions and frauds have been committed by , being

persons employed to procure coal-heavers to unload such ships on the river Thames; whereby such coal-heavers have been deprived of great part of the fruits of their labour, by means whereof great

fur bantesand inconveniencies have arisen : may it therefore please your Majesty* that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the

King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and

consent

Anno declmo Georgii III. c.5j; £1769.

Consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the After *4. June ^me» That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one 1770, the ait thousand seven hundred and Teventy, the fa id ail, and every of 31 Geo. *. part thereof, shall be and (land repealed.

repealed. II. And be it further enaited. That no coal-undertaker shall

Coal under- take, receive, or demand, of or from any coal-heaver, any take^ "^ra- ^um or ^ums money> or other valuable thing whatsoever, as tuityofeoaU* or for commission, or as a reward or gratuity for procuring heavers be- such coal-heaver to be employed in unloading ships loaded with tween London coals between London Bridge and , nor by or under

Bridge and pretence of furnishing (hovels or other tools for that purpose, reenwic , or or url(jer any other pretence or claim whatsoever, under on penalty of the penalty of five pounds for every offence, and of being ren-51. and inca- dered for ever thereafter incapable of exercising the trade or j pacity. business of a coal-undertaker.

Coal-under- JH. And be it enailed by the authority, aforesaid. That taker to take every such coal-undertaker, before he shall undertake to pro-the following cure coal-heavers to unload any such ship loaden with coals as aforesaid, shall take and subscribe the following oath before the lord mayor, or one of the aldermen of the city of London $ that is to say,

I A B do swear, That I will well and truly the hufinefi

of a coal-undertaker; and that long as I shall continue to exercise that buftnefs, 1 will in all things conform myself to the re ft ions of an act of parliament made in the tenth year of his jejly King George the Third, , An act to repeal an ait

passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for relief of the coal-heavers working upon the river Thames; and for enabling them to make provifm for such of themselves as shall be , , or

pajl their labour, and for their widows and orphans > and to regulate the price of their labour; to prevent frauds and impositions on such labourers \ and for their further relief

So help me God.

upon pain of forfeiting for every ship loaden with coals, for the discharge of which he shall undertake to procure coal-heavers, the sum of five pounds; which said oath shall be in-rolled among the records of the court of lord mayor and aider-men of the city of London aforesaid. viuuauers IV* And be it further enaited. That no such coal-under-&£notto\& taker shall he a viilualer, or concerned direitly or indireitly, as coal-un- either in his own name or in the name of any other person, or dertakers, by way of partnership or agreement, to receive any part of th* profits of such trade, or in any other manner in the felling bread, meat, or other eatables, wine, beer, or spirituous liquors, or other drink of any kind or species whatsoever, or of on penalty of tobacco, upon pain of forfeiting tire sum of five pounds, *ancT 51. and in- of

capacity.

ath.

Penalty on neglect.

Oath to be Enrolled.

fKAnotl.*.

^769-] Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 53." '373

of being rendered incapable for ever of exercising the said Bu-fmefs of a coal-undertaker: and if' any such coal-undertaker after conviction, and being adjudged to pay such lad mentioned penalty, or the penalty herein before inflicted for taking, receiving, or demanding any sum or sums of money, or other valuable thing whatsoever, as commission, or as a reward or gratuity for procuring coal-heavers to be employed in unloading ships loaden with coals, shall again undertake to procure coal-heavers to unload ships loaden with coals; such offender Penalty on shall, for every ship loaden in part or in the whole with coajs, subsequent which he shall, after such conviction and adjudication, under- offence, take to procure coal-heavers to unload, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy, there shall be one fixed and settled price for the hire or labour of all such persons as shall be employed in discharging ships or vessels loaded with coal in

the river Thames, videlicet, one shilling and sixpence per score, Persons dif-and no more, and so in proportion for any greater or less^.arghig coal quantity; and if any captain or owner, or other person or per- £ wed ^ s6 6d. fons having the care of any such ship or vessel, shall pay, or ^ score' cause ti> be paid, direCtly or indirectly, to any gang of coal- and inpropor-heavers, or separate coal-heaver, or to any other person or per- tionfor great-fons whomsoever, any greater or less sum or hire or wages than e^1^>ntides is hereby directed or appointed as aforesaid; such person or owner, &c. persons (Ball, for each offence, forfeit the sum of ten shillings; paying* great-except such price or wages for labour shall be altered by virtue er or less price, of this act in the manner herein-after directed. forfeits 10s.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That fenced ° "

the court held in the city of London, commonly called Exception.

of lord mayor and aldermen, is hereby authorised and impowered. Court of in the month of January in every year, to alter, as they shall n??yor an<* judge it necessary and convenient, the price, sum of money, pay, annually1 in^ or wages, hereby directed to be paid to such persons as shall be january,*alter employed in discharging ships or vessels loaded with coals as a- the said price} foresaid; to which alterations all persons shall conform them- to which al-selves, under the penalties hereby directed and inflicted. teration all

VII. And be it further enacted, That every captain or master to of a ship or vessel, loaden or to be loaden with coals, his agent AfteMhiu or faCtor, or agents or factors, shall, after his ship shall be un- shall be unloaded within the limits aforesaid, pay or cause to be paid on de- loaded, ma-mand to the foreman of the gang, who shall have been employ- fter»&c* to ed to unload the fame, or to such other person as he shall appoint,jbt^an of all and every sum or sums of money due for unloading such ship; the gang, the and such foreman of the said gang, after he shall have received money due for such sum or sums of money, shall pay or cause to be paid to unloading; each of the said gang, which shall be employed in unloading to payto^ach such ship, his share of such sum or sums of money: and if such man his share, sum or sums of money shall, in either case, not be paid and fa- If money not

tisfied on demand, it shall and may be lawful to and for any per-Paid on de-

son mand» com-lon plaint may be

v^ooq le

374

made to lord mayor, &c*

who may determine the lame,

and cause the debt, with colts (not exceeding xos.) to be levied by distress.

For want of distress, offender to be . committed.

Wagesofcoal-heavers to be paid in current com.

Coal-heaver leaving ship before he is discharged, to be punished an like manner as labourers leaving their work unfinished. Captain may employ his own mariners in discharging fhlp of coals, at the price they shall a-gree upon; or coal-heavers, or other persons, paying them as directed by this act.

All penalties to go to the informer to be recovered before lord mayor, or one alderman;

and levied by distress.

Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 53; [ j

Ton so aggrieved, to apply and complain to the lord mayor, or any one of the aldermen of the city of London aforesaid, for re-dress 5 who shall and may, with all convenient speed, hear the said eomplaint and determine the fame: and if such captain or mailer of any ship or vessel shall be adjudged indebted to the gang complaining, who shall have been employed to unload the fame ship or vessel; or such foreman of the said gang shall be adjudged indebted to the said gang, or any of them complaining; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said lord mayor Or aldermen before whom such complaint shall be heard* by warrant under his hand and seal, forthwith, and without delay* to cause such debt, together with the cods and charges attending such complaint, not exceeding twenty shillings, as such mayor or aldermen shall judge reasonable, to be levied by dillrefs and sale of the goods and chattels of the person indebted ; and for want of such distress, or diffident didrefs, to commit him to either of the compters within the said city, there to remain until such debt, cods and charges shall be fully paid and satisfied.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the wages and hire of coal-heavers shall be paid by the maders or owners of ships, or their agents, to the foreman of the gang, and by him divided a-mong the said coal-heavers, in current coin, and not by way of barter or exchange, in any goods, wares, merchandizes, meat, drink, or materials for wearing apparel, under the penalty of five pounds.

IX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if any coal-heaver employed in discharging or unloading any ship or vessel as aforesaid, shall leave such ship before (he be fully discharged, not being obliged thereto by sickness or other accident, and not being prevented from working by any neglect or default of the master or owner of such ship, or the officers appointed to attend the delivery thereof; every person so offending shall be liable to be punished in the same manner as other labourers are,' by law, liable to be punished for leaving their work unfinished or unperformed.

X. Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for every captain or master of a ship or vessel loaden or to be load* en with coals within the limits aforesaid, to employ his own mariners in discharging his said ship or vessel, and to pay them as he and they shall agree; or to procure coal-heavers or other persons to discharge the fame, upon paying such coal-heavers or other persons the pay or wages by this a<5l directed and in* tended to be paid to coal-heavers.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every penalty and penalties in this act mentioned and contained, shall go to the informer; and shall be recovered before the lord mayor, or any one of the aldermen of the city of London 5 and be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender, by warrant under the hand and seal of the said mayor or aldermen before whom the fame shall be

recov-

t?6g.] Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 53. 375

recovered ; and for want of such distress, or sufficient di ft rest, For want of such offender shall, for every offence, be committed by the faiid dutrefsj offen-lord mayor, or anyone of the aldermen of the said city of der to be London, to either of the compters of the said city, for any term committed, or space not exceeding thirty nor less than fifteen days.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Disputes! to be That all disputes and differences that shall or may at any time determined by or times, during the continuance of this a<$l, be or arise be- l°r<l mayor, tween any captain or master of any ship or vessel loaden with aldei“ coals, the said coal-undertakers or coal-heavers, or two or * more of them, within the limits aforesaid, shall be adjudged

and determined before the said lord mayor, or any one of the aldermen of the said city of London, and before no other court or courts, magistrates or magistrate whatsoever, in the fame ;n Hke man-manner as disputes and differences between masters and fer-ner as disputes vants in husbandry are, by law, directed to be adjudged and ^et,wee" "?a' determined, and no otherwise; except in cases where such Je”tsa|jf Just matters are or shall be altered, or.otherwise provided for by bandry. this act. Exception:

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Perforis ag_ That in case any person or persons shall think himself or them- griCved maV selves aggrieved^by any adjudication or determination of the appeal to the lord mayor, or any one of the aldermen of the said city of quarter-fcf-London; it shall and may be lawful to and for such person or ll0ns 5 persons so aggrieved, to appeal to the general quarter sections

of the peace to be held for the said city of , or any adjournment thereof, for redress, whose determination shall be who may ^ final i which court is hereby authorised and impowered to a- tennineitinal-ward costs not exceeding forty shillings, either to the com- Iy» plainant or defendant* as such court shall think just and rea- an<* award sonable ; and to cause the fame to be levied and paid as debts ceedme-^s.' are herein before dire6led to be levied and paid. 5

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Foreman of e-That the sum of sixpence in the pound shall be (lopped and very gang dedudled by the foreman of every gang out of the several sums may Hop 6 d. of money 10 to be paid for the hire and wages of coal-heavers coal, so discharging such ships or vessels as aforesaid; and the money heavers wages so (lopped and deducted shall from time, to time be paid to

Charles Martyn, of Jermyn Street, Saint gentleman, or

such person or persons as he shall direct, until the full sum of till 300]. be three hundred pounds shall be fully paid and satisfied, for pay- paid towards ing and discharging the costs, charges, and other expences in- tX.pe«ceotob-Curred in obtaining and passing this a6t5 and the several fore- 1 18

men shall be answerable to the said Charles Martyn for the fame; and the fame shall be from time to time, in case of On nonpay-negle^t or refusal of payment, levied and enforced in such ment, may be manner as is directed with respect to the debts due from ma-lcvis^ fters of ships, or their agents, to coal-heavers.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Limitation of That if any action shall be brought or commenced against any actions. person or persons for any matter or thing done in pursuance of

Vol. XXVIII. Cc this

v^

376

Anno decimo Georgii III. 0.53,—58. 11769.

this 'aft, then, and in such case, such action or suit shall be brought or commenced within six calendar months next after the fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be brought, laid, and tried in the city of , and not elsewhere 5 and the

defendant or defendants in such action or suit shall and may General issue. plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; ahd if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or actions, suit or suits; or if upon verdidf or demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble Treble celts. cofo, and have such remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cases by law.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a pub-Publick act hek an<* he judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever without specially pleading the same.

This act to be XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority .aforesaid, in force for 3 That this act shall remain and continue to be in force for the years, &c. term or space of three years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. LIV.

An act for amending the road from Saint Stephen's gate, in the city of Norwich, to Block Hill in Trowfe, at the angle where the road divides to Bixley and Kirby, the county of Norfolk.

CAP. LV.

An act for repairing and widening several roads in the coun-

ty of Cardigan.

CAP. LVI.

An act for the better mainta, regulating, and employing

the poor within the parish of Saint Paul Shadwell, the county of Middlesex.

CAP. LVII.

An act for the better regulating the navigation of the river Trent, fromWilden Ferry, Cavendish Bridge,

in the county of Derby, to Gainsborough, in the county of Lincoln.

1 CAP. LVIII.

An act for amending the road from Aylesbury, in the county * of Buckingham, through Thame and Little Milton, to 4 the.

J7^9*l Ahno decimo Georgii III. c. 59.-—65. 377

the turnpike road between Benfington and Shillingford, in the county of Oxford.

CAP. LIX.

An act to continue and render more effectual an act of the

thirty-first year of his late Majesty, for repairing roads in the counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the borough of Lyme Regis, and for repairing the road from the turnpike road at the Three A flies, in the t patish of Crewkerne, in the county of Somerset, and other .. roads therein mentioned.

CAP. LX.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act for amending the road from Christopher's Bridge, in the borough of Thetford, in the county of Suffolk, to the end

of the town of Newmarket, in the county of Cambridge.

CAP. LXI.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late , for repairing the road from Leeds to Sheffield, the county York,

so far as the fame relates to the road from Leeds to Wakefield.

CAP. LXII.

An act for the repairings widening, and keeping in , the road leading from Eaton Bridge, turnpike road at Cock-ham Hill, in the parish of Westerham, in the county of Kent, through the village of Limpsfield, to the village of Titfey, over Bodey Hill, Worms Heath, and Willingham common, to the turnpike road leading from Croyden to Godftone, in the county of Surry.

CAP. LXIII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Upton, in the parish of Ratley, to the north end of Bridge Street, in the town of Great Kington *, and from thence to the guide post at the town of Wellefboume Hastings, in the county of Warwick.

CAP. LXIV.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Lewes to Brighthelmston, in the county of Sussex.

CAP. LXV.

An act for repairing the road from the bridge on the old river

C c 2 at

37*

Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 66—72.' [1769;

at Barton to Brandon Bridge the county of Suffolk,

CAP. LXVI.

An act. for repairing and widening the road from T unftall, in the county 0/Stafford, to Bofley in the county 0/Chefter; and from Great Chell, to Shelton in the county of Stafford.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for amending and, widening the road from Saint Benedict's gate, in the county of the city of Norwich to S waff ham, in the county 0/* Norfolk, and from Halfpen-

ny bridge in Honingham, the bounds of Yaxham;

and also a lane called Hangman's lane, near the gates of the said city.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for continuing the terms 9 and enlarging the , of several acts of parliaments made for repairing the

road from Ipswich to Cleydon, and several other roads

, therein mentioned, in the county of Suffolk.

CAP: LXIX;

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act of the eighteenth year of the reign of King George the secondy for repairing the road from Birmingham, in the county of Warwick (through Elmdom) to a lane leading by the end of Stonebridge in the said County

An act to enlarge the term contained in two several acts of parliament, and to grant a further term and powers for the more effectual repairing, and amending the

road from a place called Earl's Kill in Warrington, to the Toll Bars in Wallgate in Wigan, both in the county of

Lancaster.

CAP. Lxxr.

An act to continue two acts9 of the third and seventeenth years of the reign of King George the second, for repairing the road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Enfield Chace, in the par'tjh of South Mims, in the county of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill in the county 0/* Hertford.

CAP. LXXII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Bicester in

t^

1769.] Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 73--80;

the county of Oxford, to Aylesbury in the county of Bucks.

CAP. LXXIII.

An act to impower the justices of the peace for the county of Devon to apply a sum of moneys out of the county for the openings makings and maintaining a convenient and commodious highway,from the high Jireet in the city of Exeter to the cafileof Exeter.

CAP. LXXIV.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act made in the twentieth year of his late M for repairing the road from Cirencester in the county bf Gloucester, to Birdlip Hill in the said county.

CAP. LXXV.

An act, for building a workhouse in the parish of Saint Martin in the fields, within the liberty 0/West minder in the county of Middlesex.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for repairing, widening,, and keeping in repair the road

from iSfew Chappell, in the county of Surry, Cop-thorn, in the county of Sussex, through Lindfield, to the town of Ditchling, up to the top of Ditchling Soft Hills, in the said county of Sussex.

CAP. LXXVII.

An act for amending and widening the road from Saint Stephen's gate, in the county of the city of Norwich, to the Windmill in the town of Watton, in the county of Nor-

folk.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act for amending and widening several roads leading from the Bell in Stoke Ferry in the county of Norfolk.

CAP. LXXIX.

An act to enable the parishioners of Saint Andrew, Holborn, London, to purchase a .

CAP. LXXX.

An act for building a workhouse for the liberty of Saffron-Hill, Hatton-Garden, and Ely-rents, in the parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, in the county of Middlesex.

C c 3 CAP.

Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 81—84^ [ 179^

CAP. LXXXI.

An act for confoUdating the rates to be made for the relief of the poor of the respective parishes of Saint Thomas, Saint Edmund, and Saint Martin, the city New Sarum.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act to explain, amend,and render more effectual^ and to

enlarge the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twenty-second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the second, so far as the said act relates to the repairing and widening the road from Hindhead Heath, in the county of Surry, through Fernhurst lane and Mid-hurst, to the city of Chichester, in the county Sussex; and also for repairing and widening the road from Chichester of or efaid to Delkey, in .

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act to continue and render more effectual several for repairing and amending the road from Bigglefwade, in the county of Bedford, through Bugden and Alconbury to the top of Alconbury Hill, and from Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall to Great Stoughton common, in the county of Huntingdon *, and for , -

ing9 turning, and altering the road leading out of the -

said road at or near the Ferry-house, the of

Temsford, to and through Little Barford, Eynefbury, and Saint Neots, to the turnpike road at the end of Cross Hall lane.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An act for enlarging the term granted by an act of the twenty eighth year of his late Majesty, “for repairing “and widening the road from Sutton, in the county of Sur-“ rey, through the borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill, to “ Povey cross, and from Sutton through Cheam

cc and over Howell Hill, to Ewell, and also the road from

“ Tadworth, by the Windmill, to the bottom of Pebble “ Hill, in the said county” and for impowering the trustees appointed by an act of the tenth year of his late majesty King George the First ^ for repairing several roads in the counties of Surrey and Sussex, to make a yearly allowance to the trustees appointed by the said act of the twenty-eighth, of George the Second, and for taking certain roads out of the power of the trustees appointed by the said act of the tenth of George the First ^ and putting them under the direction

T7^9*] Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 85—89.' rection of the trustees appointed the said act of the twen-

ty-eighth 0/George the Second * and for repairing the road from Povey Cross, in the county 0/*Surrey, to the Oak dividing the counties of Surrey and Sussex-, and also the road from Woodhatch to Peteridge Lane, the county of Surrey*

CAP.LXXXV.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from the

South Gate, in the borough of King's-Lynn, the rijhes of East Walton, Narborough, Stoke-ferry, and Down ham-market, in the county of Norfolk.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from the East Gate, in the borough of King's-Lynn, into the parishes of Geyton and Grimftone, and to the gate next Hillington, on Congham common, and to the north end of Babing-ley lane, in the county of Norfolk.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An act to enlarge the term and powers granted by an act passed in the First year of the reign of his present ,

“for repairing and widening the road from the east end of “ West Taphouse lane to the borough of Lifkeard, and “from thence to Coomb Row House, and also the road

. c<from the said borough of Lilkeard to Craft Hole, and “from thence to Crimple Pafiage and Tar Point, and from

■ “ Craft Hole aforesaid to Saint German's Beacon,, in the “ counties of Cornwall and Devon,” and for amending the roads from Barn Street to Duloe Church, and from Lux Street to Crathick Ford, and from Bull Post to Trewor-gey Cross, in the county of Cornwall.

CAP. LXXXV1II.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Whitchurch, in the county of Southampton, to the turnpike road at Aldermafton Great Bridge, the county of Berks.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act made in the fifth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Stockport the county of Chester, to

Saxon's lane End in the county of Lancaster, and other roads in the said act mentioned.

CAP.

C»ooQ!e

382

Anno decimo Georgii III. 0.90—97^ [1769*

CAP. XC.

An act to continue, amend,and render more effectual the federal aft5now fubjifting for repairing 'the road from Dun-

church to Stone Bridge, in the county 0/* Warwick.

CAP. XCI.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late , for

repairing the several roads leading from the town of Bromyard, in the county of Hereford, therein , and

for amending several other roads adjoining .

An act for repairing and widening the road from Worksop to the turnpike road at Kelham, and from Debdale Hill to the great northern road at South Mufkam, in the county of Nottingham.

CAP. XCIII.

An act for building a bridge over the river Clyde, near the town of Hamilton, in the county of Lanark, and for mak-

ing and repairing certain roads and avenues leading to the fame.

CAP. XCIV.

An act for amending the road from Wellfbourn Mountfort, to Stratford upon Avon, in the county of Warwick.

CAP. XCV.

An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from Brighthelmston, to the County oak on Lovell Heath, in the county of Sussex.

CAP. XCVI.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from the borough of Bury Saint Edmunds, to the town of Newmarket, the counties of Suffolk and Cambridge; and from the south end of the Ferry Street in Brandon, to Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said county of Suffolk.

CAP. XCV1L

An act to extend the provisions in two in the third

and fifth years of his present , for repairing the

road from Cambridge to Ely, and from Ely to Littleport; and other roads therein mentione, to the road from Wil-burton to Mepall; and for making other provisionfor repairing the said road from Ely to Littleport *, and for

1769.] Anno decimo Georgii III. 0.98—103. making and keeping in repair a road from Littleport to Chequer Corner inDownham, in the counties of Cambridge and Norfolk.

CAP. XCVIII.

An act for repairings widening, and altering the road from Macclesfield, in the county of Chester, to the turnpike road at Randle Carr lane Head in Fernilee, in the county of Derby, leading to Chapel in the Frith, the fame

county.

CAP. XCIX.

An act for repairing and widening several roads leading to and through the borough of Tam worth, and other roads therein mentioned,in the counties of Stafford, Warwick and Derby.

CAP. C.

An act to continue the term, and to vary and enlarge the powers of two acts of the twelfth year of the reigri King George the First ^ and the eighteenth year of the reign of his late Mpjestys for repairing the highways from Speenhamland, in the county of Berks, to Marlborough, the county ofWilts; and for repairing several other roads therein mentioned.

CAP. CL

An act for repairing and widening the road from Burford to Banbury, in the county of Oxford , and from Burford aforesaid to the turnpike road leading to Stow, in the county of Gloucester, at the bottom of Stow-Hill ♦, and from Swerford-gate, in the said county of Oxford, to the turnpike road in Aynho, in the county of Northampton.

CAP. CII.

An act to amend an act made in the year of the reign of his present Majesty, /or making a navigable cut or canal

from the river Trent, at or near Wiiden Ferry, in the

. county of Derby, to the riverMerfey, at or near Runcorn Gap 5 and for granting further powers for that ,

CAP. CUT.

An act to explain and amend an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his present , , An act

for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the river Severn, between and Titton

Brook}

^.

Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 104—108. f 1769.

Brook, in the county of Worcester, to croft the river Trent, at or near Heywood M, in the county of Stafford, and to communicate with a canal intended to be made between the said river Trent and the river fey 5 and for granting further powers for that purpose.

CAP. CIV.

An act to explain and amend an act made in the year of the reign of King George the Second, for improving the navigation of the river Clyde, to the city of Glasgow, and for building a bridge cross the said , from the said city, to the village of Gorbells.

CAP. CV.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal and waggon way, from the collieries in the parifhtyof Old and New Monkland, to the city of Glasgow.

CAP. % CVI. 1

An act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an act made in the thirty frft year of his late jesty, for repairing the road from the village of Magor, to the bridge foot in the town of Chepstow in the county of Monmouth, and other roads in the counties of Monmouth and Gloucester *, and for repairing and widening several other roads adjoining to the said .

CAP. CVII.

An act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of three acts for repairing the highways through the several parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley Ridge, and South Mims, in the counties of Hertford and Middlesex.

CAP. CVIII.

An act for continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of three acts of parliament, for repairing the roads from Sevenoaks, Tunbridge-Wells, and Kipping's-Cross, to Lamberhurst-Pound, and Pullin's-Hill, in the county of Kent; and to Flimwell-Vent, in the county of Sussex; as relates to the road leading from Seven-oaks common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge-Wells, and Kipping's-Cross, in the said county of Kent.

---

1769.] Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 109—114. 385

CAP. CIX.

An act for repairing and widening several roads leading from the town of Louth, in the county of Lincoln.

CAP. CX.

An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for maintaining, regulating, and employing the poor of the parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the liberty of Westminster and county of Middlesex.

CAP. CXI.

An act for compleating the navigation of the river Swale, from its junction with the river Ure to Morton Bridge, and of Bedale Brook, in the county of York, and for repealing part of an act made in the seventh year of His present Majesty's reign relating thereto.

CAP. CXII.

An act for building a new parish church, and declaring the present parish church a chapel; for making a cemetery or church-yard; and for building an house for the use of the minister of the parish of Saint Mary le bone, in the county of Middlesex.

CAP. CXIII.

An act for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the roads from Butterton Moor End near Oncott, in the county of Stafford, to the three mile stone in the turnpike road leading from Buxton to Ashborne, in the county of Derby, and from Blackton Moor, in the county of Stafford, to the turnpike road leading from Buxton to Ashborne near Newhaven, in the county of Derby, and from Warstow to Ecton Mine, in the county of Stafford.

CAP. CXIV.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from Leeds Bridge, in the county of York, to the North Lady's Walk in Liverpool, in the county palatine of Lancaster, and from thence to the river Mersey.

The End of the twenty-eighth Volume.

