THE

Statutes at Large,

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. Regis:

Being the SECOND Session of the Eighteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

VOL. XLI. PART II.

A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno tricesimo octavo

GEORGII III. Regis:

Being the Second Session of the Eighteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

Cap. 1. To amend and continue, until one month after the conclusion of the present war, the provisions contained in an act passed in the session of parliament of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter ninety-one, videlicet, On the twenty-second of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the restriction on payments of cash by the bank.

Cap. 2. To continue, until the expiration of thirty days after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act passed in the session of parliament of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter one hundred and thirty-seven, videlicet, On the twentieth of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, intituled An act to continue an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act to revive and continue, for a limited time, and amend an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled An act to allow the banks, and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue notes for sums under a certain amount, for a limited time; and for indemnifying all persons who have issued notes for shall sums of money in that part of the united kingdom, for a limited time.

Cap. 3. To continue, until the first day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an act passed in the session of parliament of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter seventy-two, videlicet, On the sixth of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for prohibiting the importation of cambricks and French lawns into this kingdom, not being of the manufacture of Ireland, except for the purpose of being warehoused for exportation.

Cap. 4. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

Cap. 5. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

Cap. 6. To continue, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act passed in the session of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter seventy, videlicet, On the sixth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the better prevention and punishment of attempts to seduce persons serving in his Majesty's forces, by sea or land, from their duty and allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite them to mutiny or disobedience.

Cap. 7. To continue, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, two several acts passed in the session of parliament holden in the thirty-fixrh and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, the one, chapter thirty-two, on the tenth day of March, and the other, chapter sixty-one, on the twenty-fifth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for suspending, for a limited time, the operation of certain acts, made in the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for restraining the negociation of promissory notes and bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 8. For raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

Cap. 9. To continue, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act passed in the thirty-fifth year of his present Majesty, chapter fifteen, videlicet, On the sixteenth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and also an act passed in the same year, chapter eighty, videlicet, On the twenty-second day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and also another act, pasted in the thirty-sixth year of his present Majesty, chapter seventy-six, videlicet, On the fourteenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, relating to the admission of certain articles of merchandize in neutral ships, and the issuing of orders in council for that purpose; and to continue, for the same period, an act passed in the session of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth. and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter twenty-one, videlicet, On the twenty-eighth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, authorising his Majesty to make regulations respecting the trade and commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.

Cap. 10. To continue, until the expiration of six weeks from the commencement of the next session of parliament, so much of an act passed in the session of parliament of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter seven, videlicet, On the eleventh of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, as relates to the exportation and carrying coastwise of wheat and rye, and to the importation of several articles of provision.

Cap. 11. To revive and continue, until the first day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, an act passed in the session of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter one hundred and two, videlicet, On the nineteenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for granting to His Majesty additional duties on distilleries in the several parts of the highlands of Scotland therein particularly described, for a limited time; and for regulating the duties on distilleries in the respective districts in Scotland.

Cap. 12. To give further time for executing, and for enlarging, the powers of an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to raise and embody a militia force in that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 13. To amend an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act to enable His Majesty to grant commissions to a certain number of foreign protestants, who have served abroad as officers or engineers, to act and rank as officers or engineers in America only, under certain restrictions and qualifications.

Cap. 14. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for those purposes, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to provide admissions duly stamped; to permit such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first day of Michaelmas term one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for that purpose, until the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

Cap. 15. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore, to continue until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

Cap. 16. For granting to his Majesty an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war.

Cap. 17. For allowing, during the continuance of the present war, a certain proportion of the men, raised in pursuance of two acts of the last session of parliament for augmenting the militia, to enlist into his Majesty's other forces, and to serve until six months after the conclusion of a general peace.

Cap. 18. To enable his Majesty to order out a certain proportion of the supplementary militia, and to provide for the necessary augmentation of men, in the several companies of militia, by incorporating the supplementary militia therewith.

Cap. 19. To give further time for putting in execution an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act to enable his Majesty to order out a certain proportion of the supplementary militia, and to provide for the necessary augmentation of men in the several companies of militia, by incorporating the supplementary militia therewith.

Cap. 20. For raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

Cap. 21. For settling and securing a certain annuity on John earl Saint Vincent, and the two next persons to whom the title of earl Saint Vincent shall descend, in consideration of the eminent service performed by the said John earl Saint Vincent to his Majesty and the publick.

Cap. 22. For settling and securing a certain annuity on Adam lord viscount Duncan, and the two next persons to whom the title of viscount Duncan shall descend, in consideration of the eminent service performed by the said Adam lord viscount Duncan to his Majesty and the publick.

Cap. 23. For punishing mutiny and desertion and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 24. To repeal the duties on gold and silver plate used in watch cases.

Cap. 25. To permit, during the continuance of the present war, the importation of salt from Portugal, in neutral ships.

Cap. 26. For rectifying mistakes in the names of the several of the of appointed by an act, made in the last session of parliament, to put in execution an act, made in the same session, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and for appointing other of, together with those named in the first mentioned act, to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and for indemnifying such persons as have acted as of for executing the said act, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

Cap. 27. To enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the defence and security of the realm during the present war; and for indemnifying persons who may suffer in their property by such measures as may be necessary for that purpose.

Cap. 28. To prevent, during the war, persons residing or being in Great Britain, from advancing money or effects for the purchase or on the credit of debts owing to the government of the United Provinces, or any bodies politick or corporate, or any persons within the said provinces, without licence for that purpose; and for extending the provisions of an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, more effectually to prevent, during the present war between Great Britain and France, all traiterous correspondence with, or aid or assistance being given to his Majesty's enemies, to the said United Provinces, and to the persons exercising the powers of government therein, and also to the persons, territories, and places, under their government.

Cap. 29. To revive and continue, until the conclusion of the present war, an act passed in the session of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter one hundred and twenty-five, videlicet, On the nineteenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for authorising his Majesty to permit the exportation of an additional quantity of wheat and other articles to the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney.

Cap. 30. To continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an act passed in the session of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter seventy-six, videlicet, On the sixth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for disallowing the bounty on sail cloth or canvas, the manufacture of Great Britain, exported to Ireland

Cap. 31. To revive and continue, until the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, an act passed in the session of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter one hundred and two, videlicet, On the nineteenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for granting to his Majesty additional duties on distilleries, in the several parts of the highlands of Scotland, therein particularly described, for a limited time; and for regulating the duties on distilleries, in the respective districts in Scotland.

Cap. 32. For encreasing the rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering soldiers.

Cap. 33. To amend two acts, made in the twenty-sixth year of King George the Second, and the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, respecting the performance of quarantine; for punishing persons acting contrary to any order in council, which may be made for laying any embargo on ships or vessels, or for prohibiting or regulating the exportation of any goods, wares, or merchandize; to prevent the fraudulent importation of glass into this kingdom; for permitting the removal of coffee and cocoa coastwise, for the greater convenience of exportation; to authorise the commissioners of the customs to return the duties paid on goods imported, which shall be lost or destroyed before the landing thereof; to prevent vessels licensed by the admiralty, from being engaged in any trade or employment not permitted by their licences; for permitting wines put on board any of his Majesty's ships, to be removed from one ship to another, without being first landed and warehoused; and for extending the provisions of an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, to wines delivered into the charge of the collector and comptroller of his Majesty's customs at the port of Falmouth.

Cap. 34. For making compensation to the proprietors of certain lands and hereditaments purchased in pursuance of an act, made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for better securing his Majesty's batteries and other works in the counties of Kent and Devon, and to certain owners and occupiers of lands who have sustained any loss or damage in consequence of the said act.

Cap. 35. To continue several laws relating to the granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irish linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; to the permitting the exportation of tobacco-pipe clay from this kingdom to the British sugar colonies or plantations in the West Indies, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and two; to the allowing the importation of rape seed, and other seeds used for extracting oil, whenever the prices of middling British rape seed shall be above a certain limit, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; to the further support and encouragement of the fisheries carried on in the Greenland seas and Davis's Streights, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; to the more effectual encouragement of the manufactures of flax and cotton in Great Britain, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; to the ascertaining the strength of spirits by Clarke's hydrometer, until the first day of June one thousand eight hundred and one; and so much of an act, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for better securing the duties on glass, as was to continue for a limited time, until the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

Cap. 36. To empower his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his person and government.

Cap. 37. For raising the sum of seventeen millions by way of annuities.

Cap. 38. For declaring the validity of two orders in council, dated the sixth day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and the thirtieth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and for enlarging the time of appealing in prize causes; and for permitting appeals to be prosecuted after such time shall have elapsed, in such special causes as his Majesty, by any order in council, shall authorise.

Cap. 39. To amend an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, in the ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the island of Jamaica, in the port of Saint George in the island of Grenada, in the port of Roseau in the island of Dominica, and in the port of Nassau, in the island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain regulations and restrictions.

Cap. 40. For repealing the duties on houses, windows, and lights, on inhabited houses, and on clocks and watches; and for granting to his Majesty other duties on houses, windows, and lights, and on inhibited houses, in lieu thereof.

Cap. 41. For repealing the duties upon male servants, carriages, horses, mules, and dogs; and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 42. For granting to his Majesty an additional duty of excise upon tea; and for repealing so much of an act, made in the last session of parliament, as charges a duty of five pounds per centum upon tea imported into or sold in Great Britain,

Cap. 43. For granting to his Majesty additional duties on salt.

Cap. 44. To enable his Majesty to call out a part of the militia in that part of Great Britain, called Scotland, and to amend an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to raise and embody a militia force in that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 45. To prevent, during the war, persons residing or being in Great Britain from advancing money or effects for the purchase or on the credit of debts owing to any of the governments in Switzerland, or any bodies politick or corporate, or any persons therein, without licence for that purpose; for extending the provisions of an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, more effectually to prevent, during the present war between Great Britain and France, all traiterous correspondence with, or aid and assistance being given to, his Majesty's enemies, to Switzerland; and also the provisions of an act, made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for preventing money or effects in the hands of his Majesty's subjects, belonging to, or disposeable by, any persons resident in France, being applied to the use of the persons exercising the powers of government in France, and for preserving the property thereof for the benefit of the individual owners thereof, to the United Provinces, and to Switzerland, and to the persons exercising the powers of government therein, and also to the persons, territories, and places, under their government.

Cap. 46. For the more speedy and effectual manning of his Majesty's navy.

Cap. 47. For granting to his Majesty the sum of two hundred thousand pounds, to be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt.

Cap. 48. To alter and amend so much of an act passed in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year cne thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, as relates to the qualification of of.

Cap. 49. For vesting divers lands and hereditaments in the parish of Halifax, in the county of York, in trustees and their heirs, upon certain trusts therein mentioned, discharged from all claims of the crown in respect of any forfeiture incurred under or by virtue of the statutes of mortmain, or the laws relating to mortmain.

Cap. 50. To continue, until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred, and until the end of the then next session of parliament, and amend an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for establishing regulations respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases.

Cap. 51. For authorising the billetting such troops of yeomanry cavalry as may be desirous of assembling for the purpose of being trained together, and for exempting from the payment of certain duties persons providing horses for the said yeomanry cavalry.

Cap. 52. To regulate the trial of causes, indictments, and other proceedings, which arise within the counties of certain cities and towns corporate within this kingdom.

Cap. 53. For granting to his Majesty a duty on certificates issued with respect to armorial bearings or ensigns.

Cap. 54. To amend several laws of excise relating to coach-makers, auctioneers, beer and cyder exported, certificates and debentures, stamps on hides and skins, drawbacks on wines and sweets, and ale and beer licences.

Cap. 55. For augmenting the number of field officers, and other officers of militia; and for making other provisions concerning the militia forces of this kingdom.

Cap. 56. For repealing so much of an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on the several matters therein mentioned; and for better securing the duties on certificates to be taken out by solicitors, attornies, and others practising in certain courts of justice in Great Britain; as imposes a duty on licences granted to stipendiary curates to perform the office of curate in any church or chapel.

Cap. 57. For the further encouraging the southern whale fisheries.

Cap. 58. To continue, until the first day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an act, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to continue and amend an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the more effectual encouragement of the British fisheries.

Cap. 59. To revive and continue, until the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an act passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter forty-two, videlicet, On the thirteenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, intituled An act to prohibit the importation of light silver coin, of this realm, from foreign countries, into Great Britain or Ireland; and to refrain the tender thereof beyond a certain sum; and to suspend the coining of silver.

Cap. 60. For making perpetual, subject to redemption and purchase in the manner therein dated, the several sums of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

Cap. 61. To continue, until the end of the next session of parliament, and amend an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter one hundred and six, videlicet, On the eighteenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, for regulating the allowance of the drawbacks and payment of the bounty on the exportation of sugar.

Cap. 62. To empower magistrates and justices of the peace, in setting the assize of bread, to make an allowance on account of the additional duty on salt.

Cap. 63. For the further encouragement of the trade and manufactures of The Isle of Man; for improving the revenue thereof; and for the more effectual prevention of smuggling to and from the said island.

Cap. 64. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

Cap. 65. For preventing the depasturing of forests, commons, and open fields, with sheep or lambs infected with the scab or mange, in that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 66. For empowering his Majesty, for a time and to an extent to be limited, to accept the services of such parts of his militia forces in this kingdom as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Ireland.

Cap. 67. To prevent the exportation of base coin to his Majesty's colonies in the West Indies, and America.

Cap. 68. For regulating the payment, until two months after the commencement of the next session of parliament after the end of the present war, of the duties on cinnamon, cloves, nutmegs, and mace, and for granting to his Majesty additional duties thereon.

Cap. 69. For allowing gold wares to be manufactured at a standard lower than is now allowed by law.

Cap. 70. For making allowances in certain cases to subaltern officers of the militia in time of peace.

Cap. 71. For encouraging the art of making new models and casts of busts, and other things therein mentioned.

Cap. 72. For indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and persons acting as such, in the West India islands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms.

Cap. 73. For amending and rendering more effectual an act, made in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to prevent abuses and frauds in the packing, weight, and sale of butter; and to repeal certain acts relating thereto.

Cap. 74. For raising a body of miners in the counties of Cornwall and Devon, for the defence of the kingdom, during the present war.

Cap. 75. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

Cap. 76. For the better protection of the trade of this kingdom; and for granting new and additional duties of customs on goods imported and exported, and on the tonnage of certain ships entering outwards or inwards to or from foreign parts, until the signing the preliminary articles of peace.

Cap. 77. To amend an act of the present session of parliament, intituled An act to continue, until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred, and until the end of the then next session of parliament, and amend an act made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty intituled An act for establishing regulations respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases.

Cap. 78. For preventing the mischiefs arising from the printing and publishing newspapers, and papers of a like nature, by persons not known; and for regulating the printing and publication of such papers in other respects.

Cap. 79. More effectually to prevent, during the war, persons, being his Majesty's subjects, from voluntarily repairing to or remaining in France, or any country or place united to France, or occupied by the armies of France; and to prevent correspondence with such persons, and with his Majesty's enemies.

Cap. 80. To explain and amend an act of the present session of parliament, intituled An act for repealing the duties upon male servants, carriages, horses, mules, and dogs; and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 81. For the better execution of an act of the present session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war.

Cap. 82. For raising an additional sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

Cap. 83; To authorise exchequer bills to be issued on the credit of the loan granted by an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for raising the sum of seventeen millions by way of annuities.

Cap. 84. To enable the lords of of his Majesty's treasury to issue exchequer bills, to a limited amount, on the credit of such monies as shall arise by virtue.of an act of this session, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the War; and also on such rates and duties as may be granted by any act of this session for the better protection of the trade of this kingdom; and for granting new and additional duties of customs on goods imported and exported, and on the tonnage of ships entering outwards or inwards.

Cap. 85. For explaining and amending certain acts relating to the stamp duties; and for extending the rates and duties of stamps, now payable on vellum, parchment, and paper, to all other materials.

Cap. 86. For abolishing certain offices in the customs, and for regulating certain other offices therein; and for applying the fees which have been received from vacant offices towards the augmentation of the superannuation fund.

Cap. 87. For the administration of assets in cases where the executor to whom probate has been granted is out of the realm.

Cap. 88. For regulating, until the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the shipping and carrying of slaves in British vessels from the coast of Africa.

Cap. 89. For transferring the management of the salt duties to the commissioners of excise; and for repealing the duties on salt, and the drawbacks, allowances, and bounties paid thereout, and for granting other duties, drawbacks, allowances, and bounties thereon.

Cap. 90. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million for the uses and purposes therein mentioned, and for applying a certain sum of money therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Cap. 91. For raising the sum of three millions, by loans or exchequer bills.

Cap. 92. To revive, continue until the tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and amend an act passed in the last session or parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on distilleries in the several parts of the highlands of Scotland therein particularly described, for a limited time, and for regulating the duties on distilleries in the respective districts in Scotland; and for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on spirits distilled for consumption, and a duty on unmalted grain used in distillation, in Scotland; and for altering and amending certain other acts of parliament for the regulation of distilleries in Scotland.

Cap. 93. For ascertaining the duty payable on taxed carts.

Cap. 94. For the regulation of the provisional force of cavalry, raised by virtue of two acts of the last session of parliament.

PUBLIC LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

Cap. 1. To amend two acts, made in the thiriy-first and thirty-third years of the reign of his present Majesty, for taking down and rebuilding the parish church of All Saints within the town and county of the town of Southampton.

---

Cap. 2. For continuing, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two several acts, one passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the other in the sixteenth year of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to repairing the road from Tadcaster to Halton Dyal> in the west riding of the county of York.

Cap. 3. For extending the time limited for determining a lottery, established under the authority of an act passed in the thirty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for enabling Thomas Mack! in to dispose of his colie ft ion of modern paintings, as now exhibited at his gallery in Fleet Street, by ivay of chance.

Cap. 4. For continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two several acts, the one made and passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the other in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from the town of Leeds, through Harewood\ to the south-west corner of the inclosures of Harrogate, and from thence in two branches (one through Ripley over Burage Green, and the other through Knaresbrough and Boroughbridge) to Ripon> and from thence to the first rill of water or watercourse on Hutton Moor, in the county of York and for repairing the Houghs or ruts on the said moor, so far as the same relate to the road leading from the south-west corner of the inclosures of Harrogate (through Knaresbrough) to Boroughbridge.

(Publick Local 6? Personal) 38 GEO. III.

Cap. 5. For continuing for the term of twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Chatteris Ferry to Hammond's Eau and Some rfh am Bridge; and for amending and widening the road from Somersham Bridge to the Sheep market in Saint Ives; and also the road branching out of the said road near Stocks Bridge, through Needingworth, to Earith, in the county tf/'Huntingdon.

Cap. 6. For continuing, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and amending the powers of two acts respectively made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth the year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Penrith to Chalk Beck, with a branch from the said road, upon Cafilefowerby pasture, to Caldbeck, all in the county of Cumberland.

Cap. 7. For continuing for the term of twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an act passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from a place called Crouch Hill, in the parish of Henfield, to the turnpike road leading from Brighthelmstone to Cuckfeld, and from the east side of the said turnpike road to the town of Ditchling, in the county of Sussex; and also for repairing and widening the road from JJbless Farm, in the parish of Hurfper point, to the marie pit oppofiie to Newtimber Broad Lane, in the said county.

Cap. 8. For more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the road from Combe Bridge, through Winfley and Bradford to Stover ton, and the road from Bradford Bridge to Cock hill Gate, and the road from the bottom of Mason s Lane, near the town of Bradford, all in the county of Wilts, to join the turnpike road leading from the city of Bath to Kingsdown, at or near Bathford Bridge, in the county of Somerst, and also several other roads leading from or near the said roads, in the said county of Wilts; and for maintaining a bridge over the river Avon, at Stokeford, in the same county.

Cap. 9. For repairing and widening several roads in the county of Dumfries, to continue in force until the first day of May one thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and for converting the statute labour within the said county into money; and applying the same towards repairing the highways within the said county.

Cap. 10. For continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and enlarging the powers, of two several acts, passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from the town of Cirencester

A TABLE of the STATUTES

to the town of Stroud, and that part, of Rodborough Hill which leads to Dudbridge and also the road leading from Cirencester towards BiJIey, so far as the bottom of Gulph Hill, all in the county of Gloucester.

Cap. ii. For more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving the road from the town of Manchester, by a place called The White Smithy, in the township of Cnmpfall, to the town of Rochdale; and also the road from the said place called The White Smithy, by a place called Bcffcs of the Barn, to the town of Bury; and also the road from the said place called Beffes of the Barn to Radcliffe Bridge; and also the lane called Sheepfoot Lane, in the township of Prejhvich, all in the county palatine of Lancaster.

Cap. 12. For enlarging for the term of twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term and powers of an act, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the rends leading from the city of Gloucester, towards Cheltenham and Tcwkfbivy, in the county of Gloucester.

Cap. 13. For continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term of two acts, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the roads from the top of Crickhy Hill, in the county of Gloucester, to Frog Mill, through the towns of Northleach, Burford^ and Witney, and parishes of Handborough and Bladon, to Campsfield in the parish of Kidlington, in the county of Oxford, and also the road from Campsfield, to the turnpike road at or near Enflow Bridge, in the said county of Oxford.

Cap. 14. To amend an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for building a bridge over the river Ouse, at Newhaven, in the county of Sussex.

Cap. 15. For enlarging the powers of the company of merchants of the city of Edinburgh.

Cap. 16- For paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the highways, streets, and lanes, in the town and port of Hythe, and liberty thereof, in the county of Kent, and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein.

Cap. 17. To, incorporate certain persons therein named, and their successors, with proper powers, for the purpose of continuing a manufactory of plate glass, originally established under an act passed in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, which is now expired.

Cap. 18. To vary the line of the Kennet and Avon canal authorised to be made by two acts passed in the thirty-fourth and thirty-sixth years of the reign of his present Majesty, and also to extend the powers of, and to amend the said acts.

Cap. 19. To amend an act made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the harbour of Leith.

{Publick Local &? Personal) 38 GEO. III.

Cap. 20. For continuing for twenty-one years, and frofri thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and altering the powers of two acts, passed in the twenty-ninth and thirty-first years of his present Majesty's reign, for making and repairing the road from the city of Glasgow, by Muirkirk\ to the confines of the county of Ayr, and other roads*communicating therewith; and the road from the village of Gorbals, and new bridge of Glasgozv, by the chapel of Cambufking, till it joins the road from Hamilton by Burnbank towards Eaglesham in the county of Renfrew; and for building a bridge oyer the river Clyde at Dalmarnock or Far me Ford.

Cap. 21. For making and maintaining a road from near Dinwoodie Green, in the county of Dumfries, to or near Elvan-foot) in the county of Lanark.

Cap. 22. To continue for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and alter the powers, of an act passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from Whtftle Bridge in the parifin of Berwick, in the county of Somerset, to the turnpike road in the parish of Charminster, in the county of Dor-feti from the cross in the town of Maiden Newton, to a stream of wafer in the parish of South Perroit, in the county of Dorset$ from Furze Moor Gate, in the parish of Broadwinfior, to Len-ham's Water, in the parish of Beaminster; from Bugler's Corner, in the town of Beaminster, to the Dorsetshire Inn, in the pari 111 of Woolcombe; and from the town of Fr amp ton, to the weftem turnpike road near Steepleton, in the said county of Dorset.

Cap. 23. For continuing, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and altering and' enlarging the powers, of an act passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the town of Halifax, in the west riding of the county of York, to the town of Sheffield, in the same riding, so far as relates to the road from Huddersfield to Penistone.

Cap. 24. For more effectually repairing several roads in the counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, and Perth.

Cap. 25. For making a new road or street from Freefichool Street, Southwark, to Dockhead, and from thence through Hickman's Court, otherwise Rosie Court, to Lilliput Hall Bridge in Bermondsey; and for enlarging, for the term of twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of pajliament, the term and powers of three acts, passed in the twenty-second year of his Iaie majesty King George the Second, and in the seventh and thirty-first years of his present Majesty, for making a new road from New Street in Southwark, to and through the several places therein mentioned, and for repairing the same, and other roads adjoining.

Cap. 26. For the better paving, lighting, and cleansing of the streets, lanes, and other publick padages and places, in the town of Newark upon Trent, in the county of Nottingham 5 and Vol. XLI. b for

A TABLE of the STATUTES

for removing the market for butchers meat in the said town, and for regulating the said market; and for repealing an act, made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled An able for the pavinge of Newarke upon Trent, in the countie </Nottingham.

Cap. 27. To continue for the term of twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, two acts, severally passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, and in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from Ham-ham Hilly near the city of New Sarim, in the county of IVihsy to an intrenchment on AJkerivell Hilly in the county of Dorset; and from the Index Poji on the side of Harnham Hill aforesaid, to a house called Master Baker's Farm House, in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 28. For continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two acts, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of King George the Second and the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from the city of Car life to the town of Penrith y in the county of Cumberland, and from the said town of Penrith to Emont Bridge, which divides the counties of Cumberland and Westmorland.

Cap. 29. For making and maintaining a navigable canal, or canal and inclined plane or railway, from and out of the Newcastle- under-Lyme canal to the canal of fir Nigel Bowyer Grefley baronet, near the town of Neivcafle-under-Ly me9 and also another branch of canal, or inclined plane or railway, from and out of the said last mentioned canal, at or near Apedale, to certain coal and other works, all in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 30. For extending the Neath canal navigation, and for amending an act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making the said canal.

Cap. 31. For amending and enlarging the powers of an act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from^ or from near to> the town of Birmingham in the county of W arwick, to communicate with the river Severn, near to the city of Worcester.

Cap. 32. To enable the company of proprietors of the canal navigation, from Manchester to or near Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, to ftnish and complete the same, and the several cuts and other works authorised to be made and done by them, by the several acts passed for that purpose, and for amending the said acts, and granting to the said company further and other powers.

Cap. 33. For confirming and carrying into execution certain articles of agreement made and entered into between Beilby lord bishop of London, Thamas Wood esquire, sir John Frederick baronet, and Arthur Stanhope esquire, sir John Morjhead baronet, and cfeffic Elizabeth his wife, and Robert fhijllethwayte. esquire, and

{Publick Local £5? Personal) 38 GEO. III.

Selina his wife, and the company of proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal; and for other purposes therein mentioned'.

Cap. 34. For rebuilding the workhouse of the parish of Saint Sepulchre, in the city of Loyidon; and for the better relief and employment of the poor in the said parish.

Cap. 35. To alter and enlarge the powers of an ail, passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for dividing the parish of Saint James, in the city and county of Bristol, and county of Gloucester, and for building a church, and providing a cemetery or church yard and parsonage house, within the new parish.

Cap. 36. For altering the powers of two acts, passed in the thirty-second and thirty-fifth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for making, amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the new bridge over the water of Almond, on the confines of the counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by Bathgate, to Baillefton, in the county of Lanerk, and certain branches of road from the said line of road, and for the other purposes mentioned therein.

Cap. 37. For more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the roads from the east end of Monk Bridge, near the city of Tori, to New Malton, and from thence to Scarborough, in the north riding of the county of York, and also from Spittle House, in the east riding of the said county, to Scarborough aforesaid.

Cap. 38. For continuing, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, two acfts, the one passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from Lobcombe Corner, in the parish of Winterflow, to Harnham Bridge, in the county of Wilts, and from the west corner of Saint Anne's Street, in the city ^New Sarum, to the parishes ^Landford and Brook, and from thence to.Ealing, and from Landford aforesaid, through Ower and Test-wood, to Ealing aforesaid, in the county ^Southampton; and the other passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to continue and enlarge the term and powers of the said atft, and for repairing and widening the road from Rom fey and Riugwood turnpike road, near the house of Francis Fry, to Lynd-hurf, and from a place called Ha?npton Ford to Lamb's Corner % in the said county of Southampton, and for repairing the footways within the said city.

Cap. 39. For continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and enlarging the powers, of two acts, made in the thirty-second year of the reign of King George the Second, and the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Dewsbury to Ealand, in the west riding of the county of York.

Cap. 40. For continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the

A TABLE of the STATUTES

term, and enlarging and altering the powers, of two acts, the one passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of King George the Second, and the other in the seventeenth year of his present Majesty's reign, so far as the same relate to the road from Dudley Hill, through Beckwithfioaw, to Killing hall, and from Beckwith-shaw to the south-west corner of Harrogate inclosures, in the county of York.

Cap. 41. For continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and enlarging and altering the powers, of two acts, the one passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of King George the Second, and the other in the seventeenth year of his present Majesty's reign, so far as the same relate to the road from Bradford, through Adwalton, to Wakefield, in the county of York.

Cap. 42. For continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and enlarging the powers, of an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and, widening the road from Rochdale Lane End, in the village of Heywood, in the par'rfh of Bury, to a place called The Land's End, in the parish of Prepunch, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

Cap. 43. For continuing, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the'end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and enlarging the powers, of two several acts, the one passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, the other in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from a place called Fryer Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and from the top of Hinksey Hill to Foxcombe Hill gate, in the road leading to Farringdon, in the county of Berks, so far as the same relate to the Abingdon district of the said roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 44. For continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two acts, of the second and twenty-second years of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road leading from Colley Gate, in Cradley, and from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop, so far as the same relate to the road leading from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and for repairing several other roads in the counties of Worcester and Stafford*

Cap. 45. For enlarging the powers of, and rendering more effectual, several acts, of the twenty-fourth and twenty eighth years of his iate Majesty's reign, and of the fourth and twenty-ninth years of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing the high roads in the county of Edinburgh; and for building bridges over the rivers South and North Efic, and the water of" Leith, in the said county.

Cap. 46. For paving the footways, and for clearing, lighting, and regulating the ft reel?, lanes, and other publick passages

(Publick Local Csf Personal) 38 GEO. .III.

and places, within the town of Wincanton, in the county of Somerset; and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, and obstructions therein.

Cap. 47. For amending and enlarging the powers of an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Dunn navigation cut, at or near Stain forth, in the west riding of the county of York, to join and communicate with the river 'Trent, at or near Keadby, in the county of Lincoln; and also a collateral cut from the said canal, to join the said river Dunn, in the parish of Thorne, in the said riding.

Cap. 48. For repairing the roads from the stone pillar upon Alconbury-hill, to IVam ford Bridge; and from Norman Cr ofs to the south end of Peterborough Bridge, all in the county of Huntingdon*, and for repealing certain acts relating thereto.

Cap. 49. To continue, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and amend the powers of three acts passed in the twenty-second and twenty-ninth years of the reign of King George the Second, and in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Wan ford Bridge, in the county of Northampton, to the town of Stamford, in the county of Lincoln, and from Stamford aforesaid to the market cross in the town of Bourn, in the said county of Lincoln, and from the north end of Stamford Bridge to Scotgate, both in Stamford aforesaid.

Cap. 50. For continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two acts, the one passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty Fling George the Second, and the other in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the eighteen mile stone, beyond Willoughby Hedges through the town of Mere, in the county of Wilts, and through Wincanton to Charlton Houthorn, and from thence to Milborne Port, and from Willoughby Hedge aforesaid, to the west end of Long Lane in Kilmington, and from Wincanton aforesaid, to the Sherborn turnpike cross gate, on Cattle Hill; and from Wincanton to Spark ford, in the county of Somerset and also for altering, improving, and keeping in repair, several other roads communicating therewith.

Cap. 51. For more effectually amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in repair the road leading from the town of Rochdale, in the county palatine of Lancajlei\ to the town of' Burnley^ in the said county.

Cap. 52. For continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term of an act, made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and keeping in repair the road from Donsajler to the turnpike road which leads from Bawtry

A TABLE of the STATUTES

to Retford, in the counties of York and Nottingham, and for amending the said act.

Cap. 53. For continuing for the term of twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an act passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from the maypole in the town of Henfield, over Poynings Common, to the town of Brighthelmstone, and from Poynings Common aforesaid to High Cross, in the parish of Albourne, and from thence for the distance of two furlongs of the road or lane leading towards Twineham, and from the marie pit near the bottom of Saddlef-comb Hill, in the parish of Newtimber, to the marie pit fronting New timber Broad Lanei in the same parish, in the county of Sussex; and also for repairing and widening the road from the end of the two furlongs of the road or lane leading towards Twineham, unto Herring's Clappers, in the parish of Twineham, in the said county.

Cap. 54. For further continuing for thirty-eight years the term granted by an act of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of Ins late majesty King George the Second, for continuing the duty of two pennies Scots upon every pint of ale and beer fold in the city of Edinburgh, and places adjacent, for the purposes therein men-honed; and for explaining and amending the said act.

Cap. 55. For amending an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to amend and render more effectual an act, made in the thirty-frist year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, c An act for the due making of bread, and to regulate the price and aftze thereof and to punish persons who shall adulterate meal, flour, or bread, so far as the same relates to the ajftze and making of bread to be sold in the city of London, and the liberties thereof, and within the weekly bills of mortality, and within ten miles of the Royal Exchange.

Cap. 56. For continuing until the first day of June one thousand eight hundred and twelve, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, to prevent frauds and abuses in the admeasurement of coals, sold by wharf measure, within the city of London and the liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 57. For incorporating the of appointed for erecting certain light-houses in the northern parts of Great Britain.

Cap. 58. For obviating and removing doubts respedHng the holding of the adjournments of the general court of quarter session s of the peace in and for the county palatine of Lancaster, and for authorising the justices of the peace, adding in and for the said county, to hold an annual general session, and also a special session, for the purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 59. For paving the footways, and for cieansing, lighting,

{Publick Local fc? Per fond) 38 GEO. III.

and regulating the streets, and other publick passages and places, within the borough of Malmesbury, in the county of Wilts, and the avenues leading into the same; and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, and cbftructions therein.

Cap. 60. For making and maintaining a new fewer, upon Little Tower Hilly within the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 61. To explain, amend, and enlarge the powers of an act passed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for widening and improving the entrance into the city of London, near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious street or passage at Snow Hill, and for raising, om the credit of the orphan's fundy a sum of money for those purposes.

Cap. 62. For authorising the trustees therein named, to raise money by rates or assessments, within the parish of Saint Peter, in the borough and liberty of Saint Albany in the county of Hert-ford, for the better and more effectually discharging annuities, heretofore granted to certain persons who have advanced money towards repairing the church belonging to the said parish.

Cap. 63. For draining, preserving, and improving, the low grounds and carrs, lying in the several parishes, lordships, townships, hamlets, precincts, and territories, of Beverlef Saint John of B ever ley y Grovehill, Sandholme, Storkhilly Mole/-crofty Leckonfield, Arraniy Scorbroughy Lockingiony Ay key Befwicky Wilfholme, Kilnwicky Watt on, Hutton-Cranfwicky Rotfeay Feather-holme, Skerney Brigham, Fishholme, Najfertotiy Lowthorpey Harp-hatriy Little Kelky Fojloriy Burton-Agnes, Granfmoory Liffety BartnJ-tony Ulram other wise Oivraniy Skipfeay Dringhoey Beef or dy North Frodingham, Brandes-Burtotiy Mocr-TovMy Leveriy Emmotlancf He?npholme, Goodhill Housey and Struncheon Hilly all in the east riding of the county of York.

Cap. 64. To alter and enlarge the powers of an act passed in the thirty-rtxth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for building a bridge over the river Itchin, at or near Northam, within the liberties of the town and county of the town of Southampton, and for making a road from the said town to the said bridge, and from thence to communicate with the road leading from West End to Botley, in the comity of Southampton.

Cap. 65. For continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next fertion of parliament, the term, and altering the powers of two several acts, the one passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the other in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and keeping in repair the roads leading from a place called Fryer Bacon's Study to Chilton Pondy and from the top of Hinksey Hill to Fox-combe-hill Gate, in the road leading to Farringdoiiy in the county of Berks, so far as the same relate to the Oxford district of the said roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 66. For more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the road from Tetbwy, in the county of Gloucejhrf to

A TABLE of the STATUTES

and through Malmesbury, to the church way in Lower Stanton Field, in the county of Wilti, there to join the turnpike road leading from Chippenham Bridge to Lower Stanton aforesaid; and from Malmesbury to the turnpike road at or near Jackamenfs Bottom) in the said county of Gloucester; and also the road from Farringdon to Cficklade, from thence to Malmesbury) and to the turnpike road at Alton Turville; and also from Sherstone to the turnpike road leading from Tetbuty to Bath; and for making, maintaining, widening, and improving several other roads communicating therewith.

Cap. 67. For continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and rendering more effectual, several a£is for repairing the road from the Golden Farmer near Jdagshot, in the county of Surrey, to Hertford- Bridge Hill) in the county of Southampton) and from thence to Basingstoke and 0diham, both in the said county of Southampton; and for repairing and widening the road from the southern extremity of Northzvanborough Lane near Odiham aforesaid, over Northwan bo rough Common, Hook Common) and Bartley Heath) and through the parishes of Rotherwicke, Mattingley) and Heckfield) to a place called the Bull Inn in the parish of Szval-loivfield) on the turnpike road leading from the town of Reading) in the county of Berks, to Bofmgfloke aforesaid.

Cap. 68. For the better government and Regulation of the free grammar school of King Edward the Sixth, at Shrewsbury) in the county of Salop.

Cap. 69. For separating the two parishes, called The Out Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob) and The Parish of Saint George, in the county of Gloucester) as to the maintenance of the poor and the repairs of the highways of those parishes, and as to all rates, ah'efiments, and taxes, except the land tax; and for providing a workhouse for the reception of the poor of the said parish of Sai?it George and for the better relief and management of the poor of both parishes.

Cap. 70. For draining and preserving certain lands and fen grounds lying in the parishes of Gulwell) Stow Bardolph, Wim-botfloani) and Downham, in the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 71. For more effectually widening, repairing, and amending the road from Crofsford Bridge) through the townships of Stretford and Hidme) to the town of ManchefleT) in the county palatine of Lancaster.

Cap. 72. For the better security and defence of the town and port of Liverpool.

PRIVATE ACTS.

I. AN act for dividing and allotting the commonable paf-jljL tures within the parish of Chcdzoy> in the county of Somerset.

(Private) 38 GEO. III."

2. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the common fields, commons, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of Hethersett, in the county of Norfolk.

3. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, a certain wade or common, called Elfled Marsh, within the several parities of Eljied and Protton, or one of them, in the county of Sujfew.

4. An act for naturalizing Henry Jolivet.

5. An act for naturalizing John Fredrick Peter Schmidingm

6. An act for naturalizing Augustus Frederick Piefchel.

7. An act for naturalizing John Joachim Duderick Wegener.

8. An act to enable the right honourable Richard /Haworth lord Braybrooke, baron of Braybrooke, and Richard Neviiie, Henry Neville, George Neville, and William Neville, and all and every other son and Tons of the said Richard Aldworth lord Braybrooke, and their issue male, respectively, when they dial) respectively become beneficially entitled to the possession, or to the rents and profits, of certain estates devised by the will of the late right honourable John Griffin, lord Howard de Walden and lord Braybrooke, deceased, or shall become entitled to the peerage of the barony of Braybrooke in possession, to use and take the surname, and bear the arms, of Grffin, pursuant to the said will.

9. An act for naturalizing Lewis Sack.

10. An act for dividing and allotting the open and common-able padure, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, certain open and commonable arable lands, within the parish of Middlezoy, in the county of Somerset.

11. An act for dividing and enclosing the several open fields, lammas closes, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Great Leke, otherwise East Lekc, in the county of Nottingham.

12. An act to dissolve the marriage of James Fozard with Sarah Sophia Leche, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

13. An act for naturalizing John Lewis Foamier.

14. An act for naturalizing John Frederick Ifelin and Daniel Eckenjlein.

15. An act for naturalizing Henry Ferdinand Pelevin.

16. An act for vesting divers lands and hereditaments, in the pari 111 of Chillingly otherwise Chiddingly, in the county of Sussext part of the settled estate of the reverend Henry Chatfield clerk, in him and his heirs, and for fubdituting and settling other lands and hereditaments'in the parities of Balcombe and West-hoathly, in the said county, the estate and inheritance of the said Henry Chatfield, of greater value, in lieu thereof.

17. An act for dividing and enclosing the moors, commons, and waste grounds, within that part of the manor of Afkerton, in the barony of Giljland, which lies within the parish of Stapleton, in the county of Cumberland.

18. An act for dividing and enclosing the moors, commons,

A TABLE of the STATUTES

and waste grounds, in the manors of Upper Denton and Nether Denton, within, and parcel of, the barony of Giljland, in the county of Cumberland.

19. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open town field called Sowerby Fields a certain stinted pasture called The Ox Moor, and a common or moor called South Moor, and other waste grounds, within the township of Sowerby, in the north riding of the county of York.

20. An act for dividing and allotting the open and commonable pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the open and commonable arable lands, within the hamlet of Chilton, in the parish of Moorlinch, in the county of Somerset.

21. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, meadows, lands, commons, and commonable places, lying and being within the manor and parish of Emberton, in the county of Buckingham.

22. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain open and common fields, lying within the several tythings of Upton and Milton, within the parish of East Knoyle otherwise Bishops Knoyle, in the county of Wilts.

23. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the town lb ip or liberty of Keyworth, in the county of Nottingham.

24. An act for dividing and enclosing the open, arable, and common fields, downs, pastures, and commonable lands, within the parish of Guiting Power, in the county of Gloucester.

25. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, all the commons and waste lands in the townships of Broughton, Pent-robinand Banned^ within the manor and parish of Hawarden, in the county of Flint.

26. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Bozeat, in the county of Northampton.

27. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and all other commonable lands, within the hamlet of Kelmscot, in the parish of Broadwell, in the county of Oxford.

28. An act for dividing, enclosing, allotting, and improving, the several open and common fields, ings, meadows, pastures, moors, commons, wastes, and other uninclosed lands and grounds, within the township of Mejfmgham, and that part of the hamlet of East Butlerwick, in the parish of Mejfmgham, in the county of Lincoln.

29. An act for dividing and enclosing the common fields, mesne enclosures, and w-afte lands, within the township of Ulley, in the several parishes of Treeton and dflon^ in the west riding of the county of York.

30. An act for naturalizing Nicholas Wanoftrocht.

31. An act for naturalizing Jacob Reiohard and Peter Raymond Poland.

(Private) 38 GEO. III.

32. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain moors, commons, or waste lands, lying within the manor and parish of Portbury, in the county of Somerset.

33. An act to enable George Pe/cod, esquire, a lunatic, or his committee, to execute conveyances, surrenders, and arguments, of such of the ettates deviled by the will of William Pe/cod, esquire, deceased, in trust, for payment of his debts and legacies, as are, or shall be, fold under the decree of the high court of chancery.

34. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the com^ irion fields, half year or shack lands, lamrnas meadows, commons, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Stanton, in the county of Suffolk.

35. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields in the parishes of Medjlead and Bentworthy in the county of Southampton.

36. An act for dividing and enclosing the heaths, fen grounds, commons, and wade lands, within the parish of Rey-don, in the county of Suffolk.

37. An act for dividing and allotting the open and common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parish of Bradford P ever ell, in the county of Dorset.

38. An act (or dividing and allotting the open and common fields, and orher commonable lands and g ounds, within the parishes of Rockborne, in the county of Southampton, and Wick* bury, in the county of Wilts.

39. An act for dividing and enclosing the heaths, fen grounds, commons, and waste lands, within the parishes of Gi/eham and Pakefield, in the county of Suffolk.

40. An act for vetting certain Undivided moieties of several messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in Sussex, part of the settled ettates of Sir John Honywood, baronet, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the money arising by sale thereof, under the direction of the court of chancery, in the purchase of other ettates to be settled to the same uses.

41. An act for vesting certain settled ettates of Torry Elfton, late of Holbeach Marsh, in the county of Lincoln, grazier, but now of Wijbsach Saint Peter's, in the ille of Ely, in the county of Cambridge, merchant, and Elizabeth his wife, situate at Gon-nerby, Manthorpe, and Aldington, in the said county of Lincoln* in trustees, in trust, to convey the same to the right honourable Brownlow lord Brownlovu, and for laying out the purchase money in the purchase of other hereditaments, to be settled to the same uses.

42. An act for exchanging part of the ettates settled by the will of Jacob Houblon, esquire, for part of the ettates comprized in the marriage fenlement of his son John Houblon, esquire.

43. An act for vesting the settled ' estate of Edward Seymour Baily, esquire, and Phillis his wile, in the county of Kent, in trustees, to be sold, and for applying part of the monies thence arising in discharge of incumbrances^ and for laying out the residue,

A TABLE of the STATUTES

under the direction of the court of chancery, in the purchase of other estates, to he settled in lieu thereof.

44. An act to explain and amend an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to explain and amend an act passed in the fourth and fifth years of the reign of her late majesty Afueen Anne, intituled, 6 An act for augmenting the number of canons residetitiary in the cathedral church of Lichfield, and for improving the dea?iry and prebends of the said cathedralf and to make further provision for the canons residentiary in the said cathedral church, and an addition to the fabrick fund thereof.

45. An act for vesting certain freehold and copyhold efiates devised by the will of the latz Arthur Jones, esquire, deceased, in the counties of Kent, Nottingham, Carmarthen, Cardigan, and Middlesex, and in the cities and liberties of London and Westminster, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the monies to arise by such sale, together with the sum of fifty-three thousand three hundred and thirty-three pounds three shillings and four-pence, three pounds per centum consolidated bank annuities, Handing in the name of the accountant general of the high court of chancery, on trust, in a certain causein the said court, Macknamara against Jones, being the clear residue of the personal estate of the said testator Arthur Jones, in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments to be settled to the same uses, and for enabling the said trustees to grant leases of the estates. so to be purchased, and also to cut timber growing thereupon, subject to restrictions.

46. An act for dividing and allotting the open and common-able pasture and turbary lands, and for exchanging, allotting, and fencing, the open anda commonable arable lands, and for Hinting and regulating the flocking and depasturing certain droves, in the village or hamlet of Catcott, within the parish of Aloorlinch, in the county of Somerset.

47. An act for dividing and enclosing the several open and common fields, meadows, pastures, waste lands, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the' parish of Sandy, in the county of Bedford.

48. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, commonable lands, and waftk grounds, in the parish of Wilbarston, in the county of Northampton.

49. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the common, or parcel of waste land, called Bleathwood Common, within the parish of Little Hereford, in the county of Hereford.

50. An act for dividing and enclosing a certain common and waste grounds within the manor and township of Sicklinghall with Woodhall, in the parish of Kirkby Overblova, in the west riding of the county of York.

51. An act for dividing and allotting, in several ty, the common arable fields, common downs, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable places, within the parish of Shreivton, in the county of Wilts*

(Private) 38 GEO. III.

52. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands, within the parish of Weston Turville, in the county of Buckingham.

53. An act for dividing, allotting, enclosing, and improving, a moor, or trad of wade ground, called Tweedmouth and Spittle Common, and all other the commonable lands and grounds, in the chapelry of Tweedmouth, and county of Durham, and for extinguishing the right of common upon'certain ancient infield lands within the said chapelry.

54. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the several commons and wafie lands lying within the manor and parish of Birmingham, in the county of Warwick.

55. An act for allotting and dividing the open and common fields, commonable lands, and waste grounds, lying within the parishes of Harston and Hauxton, and certain open and common fields, commonable lands, and waste grounds, lying in certain fields called Mount Field, Red Dean Field, and Peffills Field, and part of a certain moor called Little Sheford Moor, within Flarfton and Hauxton aforesaid, and the parishes of Little Shelford and Newton, some or one of them, all in the: county of Cambridge.

56. An act for dividing and enclosing the common and waste grounds, and commonable lands, within the manor and town-ship of Kirkby Overblow, in the pari da of Kirkby Overblow, in the wed riding of the county of York.

57. An act to dissolve the marriage of Samuel Boddington, esquire, with Grace Ashburner his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

58. An act for dissolving the marriage of the honourable and reverend Thomas James Twijleton with Charlotte Anne Frances his now wife, late Charlotte Anne Frances Watt ell9 and for enabling him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

59. An act for difiolving the marriage of James Woodmajon, esquire, with Mary Magdelain his now wife, latz Mary Magde-lain Gaville, and for enabling him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

60. An act for naturalizing Eberhard Fredrick. Rheinwald.

61. An act for naturalizing Emily de Vifme an infant.

62. An act for naturalizing John Brock.

63. An act for vesting part of the settled estate of John Guitton, esquire, deceased, in trustees, to be conveyed pursuant to articles entered into for the sale thereof, and for laying out the money arising therefrom in the purchase of other estates to be settled to the same uses.

64. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of Sir Robert Lnwley, baronet, in the counties of Stafford and Warwick, in trustees, and their heirs, in trust, for the said Sir Robert Law-ley, to be sold, and for settling other lands and hereditaments, in the county of Salop y of greater value, in lieu thereof.

65. An act for extinguishing all right of common in, upon, or over, certain woods or wood grounds, in the parish of Whip-

fnadey

A TABLE of the ST A TUT ES

/node, in the county of Bedford; and for enabling William Beckford, esquire, the owner of the said woods or wood grounds, to enclufe the same; and for vetting a perpetual clear yearly rent charge, to be issuing out of the same woods or wood grounds, in the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the said parish, to be applied in aid of the poor rates, as a compensation for such right of common.

66. An act for dividing and allotting certain commons or moors called Chilton Common, other wise Wild Marfl.\ Pury Green, and Harp Common, and also for dividing, regulating, and improving, certain common fields or grounds called Chilton Moor, and Pury Moor, all situate within the several parishes of Chilton Trinity, Wemhdon, Burleigh, and Bridgwater, in the county of Somerset.

67. An act for dividing and allotting, with powers to enclose, the open and common fields, common pastures, commons, and waste lands, within the parish of Kensworth, in the county of Hertford.

68. An act for vesting certain estates devised by the will of Sir Edward Lloyd, baronet, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the money to arise by such sale in the purchase of other ettates, to be settled, under the direction of the court of chancery, to the same uses, and for other purposes.

69. An act to confirm the renunciation and release of fames Gordon, esquire, as one of the devisees, in trutt, of Samuel Whithread, esquire, deceased, and to give powers of sale and exchange over the settled and devised estates late of the said Samuel Whithread, and power of changing and appointing new trustees of the same estates, and also power of granting building leases of certain parts thereof.

70. An act for allowing timber to be cut upon the settled estates of Le Gendre Pierce Starkie, esquire, and applying the money to arise therefrom in the purchase of other estates, to be settled to the same uses, and allowing conveyances in fee, and leases for long terms of years, to be made of part of such settled estates, for the purpose of building.

71. An act for vesting the fee Ample of certain estates, devised by the will of Sir John Mordaunt deceased, in the right honourable Charles Henry earl of Peterborough and Monmouth, in lieu of other estates settled to the uses of the said will.

72. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, all the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, and commonable grounds and places, within the parish of Thureason, in the county of Leicester.

73. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, and commonable grounds and places, within the parish of Swithland, in the county of Leicester.

74. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open common fields, common meadows, and other commonable

(Private) 38 GEO. III.

lands and grounds, in the parish of Mavis Enderby, in the county of Lincoln.

75. An act for dividing and allotting, in several ty, the open and common fields and downs, common meadows, common pastures, and commonable places, within, or belonging to, the parish of Sutton Veny, in the county of Wilts.

76. An act for dividing and enclosing the common and open fields, mesne inclosures, commons, and wade lands, within the manor and parish of Hartington, in the county of Derby.

77. An act for dividing, -allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, within the parish of Long Stow, in the county of Cambridge.

78. An act for dividing and enclosing certain common fields, in the parish of Stone, in the county of Stafford, called Stone Fields and The Sandpits.

79. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, a certain parcel or tract of commonable ground, formerly part of fjhieen or Little Sedgmoor, in the parish of Saint John the Baptist, in Glastonbury, and also certain parcels of waste land in the said parish, and in the parish of Saint Benedict, in Glastonbury, all in the county of Somerset.

80. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, commons and waste lands, in the parish of Caddington, in the counties of Bedford and Hertford.

81. An act for dividing, allotting, enclosing, draining, and laying in several ty, the common and open fields, common meadows, commonable land, commons, heaths, and waste grounds, within the parish of Swaffham Bulbed, in the county of Cambridge.

82. An act for amending so much of an act passed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for dividing, enclosing, and draining, the open common fields, common pastures, commonable and wafie lands, and fen lands, within the manor and parish of Warboys, in the county of Huntingdon, as relates to the lands or grounds thereby directed to be set out and allotted in lieu of tythes.

83. An act for naturalizing Carl Friedrich Giefier.

84. An act to establish and confirm an exchange made by and between the reftor of the parish church of Kirk Deighton and Thomas Thornton, ^quire, of part of his glebe lands, for other lands there, the property of the said Thomas Thornton, which are more conveniently situated for the said reftor, and his successors.

85. An act for vesting certain messuages and lands at Charlton Row and Grindlow, in the county of Lancaster, in the guardians of John Hyde, esquire, an infant, the only fan and residuary legatee named in the last will and testament of Nathan Hyde, esquire, deceased, in trust, to contract with Holland Ackers, esquire, for the sale of, and to convey tfye same to him upon the

terms

A TABLE of the STATUTES, -&c.*.

terms mentioned and specified in a certain contract made by the said Nathan Hyde with the said Holland Ackers, and in case the said Holland, Ackers shall not be willing to enter into such con'* trad, then to contract with any other person or persons for the sale of, and to convey the same together, not in pareels, to such person or persons, upon the same or better terms.

86. An act for naturalizing James Ecbert Hoolhoom.

87. An act for naturalizing William Brodum, doctor of physick.

88. An act for naturalizing John Frederick Holzvhede.

END OF THE TABLES.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno regni GEORGII III. Regis,

Britannia, Francia, et Hibernia, ceftmo oSiavo.

AT the parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the twelfth day of July, Anno Domini 1796, in the thirty-fxth year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from

thence continued, by several prorogations, to the second day of November 1797; being the second session of the eighteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act to amend and continue, until one month after the conclusion of the present war, the provisions contained in an act passed in the session of parliament of the thirty-sixth and thirty seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter ninety-one, videlicet, on the twenty-second of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the restriction on payments of cash by the bank.

[Nov. 30, 1797.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act was made in the laf session of parliament, intituled An act to continue, for a limited time, an act made in this present session of parliament, intituled, c An act for 37 Geo. 3. confirming and continuing, for a limited time, the restriction c. 9l. contained in the minute of council of the twenty-sixth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, on payments of cash by the bank, under certain regulations and restrictions and ivh ere as it is expedient that certain parts of the

524 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. x.

[1797.

said aSi^ which will expire in one month after the commencement of the present session of parliament, should be further continued-: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal* and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority The bank not of the same. That, during the continuance of this act, it shall to issue cash not be lawful for the governor and company of the bank of tocertahi^n$and to1^ue an}' ca^ payment of any debt or demand provisions. whatsoever, except according to the provisions herein after con-During such tained; and that, during the continuance of the restriction restriction no hereby imposed on payments by the said governor and company (hit to be pro- in Cash, no action or suit shall be prosecuted against the said compel pay governor and company to compel payment of any note of the ment of notes laid governor and company expressed to be payable on demand, which the or to compel payment of any note of the said governor and com-bank shall be pany made payable otherwise than on demand, which the said chan"! for X" &ove, nor and company shall be willing to exchange for any note other notes. or notes of equal amount expressed to be payable on demand, or to compel payment of any sum of money whatsoever by the said governor and company, which the said governor and company shall be willing to pay in notes of the said governor and com-The bank pany expressed to be payable on demand; and it shall be lawful or £^e governor and company, during the continuance of proceeding^ the restriction aforesaid on payments in cash, to apply to the court wherein any action or suit shall be brought, or shall be depending, against the said governor and company, to stay proceedings therein, in a summary way; and in case such action or suit shall be brought to compel payment of any note or notes of the said governor and company made payable on demand, it shall be lawful for the said governor and company to apply to the said court to flay all proceedings in such action or suit until the expiration of the time herein after linlited for the continuance of such restriction as aforesaid, and such court shall stay all proceedings accordingly: and in like manner it shall be lawful for the said governor and company to apply to any court in which any action or suit shall be brought or depending for the purpose of compelling payment by the said governor and company of any note of the said governor and company payable otherwise than on demand, or of any other debt or demand whatsoever, to stay all proceedings against the said governor and company in such action or Tuition payment of such sum of money as shall appear to be justly due, or which might be recovered in such action or suit, by delivery of notes of the said governor and company for the amount thereof expressed to be payable on demand, if the party or parties to whom such money shall appear to be due shall be willing to accept payment thereof in such notes, and thereupon such court shall order all proceedings to be flayed accordingly; but if the party or parties entitled ro any such money shall refuse to accept payment thereof by delivery of such notes of the said governor and company, expressed to be payable on 5 demand

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. t. 525

demand as aforesaid, the said court shall order all proceedings against the said governor and company in such aftlon or suit to be flayed until the expiration of the time herein after limited for the continuance of such redricdion on payments in cash as aforesaid: provided always, That if it shall appear to such court to be The court necessary, for the purpose of ascertaining the amount of any de- niay permit mand on the said governor and company, or otherwise for the furtherance of judice, that any proceedings should be had for ascertain the any such purpose, it shall be lawful for the said court to permit amount of proceedings to be had in any such action or suit for such necef- ^y_demand fary purpose only, or to ascertain the amount of such demand, in or for\hefur« a summary way, as the nature of the particular case may require, therance of and as shall be confident with the restricTion on payments in cash justice. hereby imposed: provided also, That no cods shall be recovered No costs tobe against the said governor and company, in any action or suit given unless which, during the continuance of the redriblion aforesaid, shall ^hfn^the1 ache brought or prosecuted for the purpose of compelling payment tionnecessary. by the said governor and company of any debt or demand, unless the court wherein the same shall be brought or prosecuted shall be of opinion that the same was necessary for the purpose of ascertaining the amount of such debt or demand, or the title thereto, and in such case such court may direcd the payment of such costs by the said governor and company in their notes expressed to be payable on demand, if the party or parties entitled to such costs shall be willing to accept such notes; and if such party or parties shall refuse. to accept such notes, then such court shall day all proceedings to compel payment of such costs until after the expiration of the redridlion on payments by the said governor and company in cash, herein contained.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing The bank

in this act contained shall extend to redrain the said governor and Pa>r dfue cash company from issuing any sum of money less than twenty flail- ^rtaiu lings, in cash in payment of any debt or demand not amounting to twenty shillings, or in payment of so much of any larger debt or demand as shall be a fractional part of twenty shillings over and above the residue of such debt or'deinand; or from issuing any sum of money in cash for the iervices of the army, navy, or ordnance, in pursuance of an order of his Majesty's privy council, dating the special purpose for which such issue diall be required, and the necessity for the same; all which orders of council shall be laid before both houses of parliament within three days after the date of each of such order, if parliament shall be then fitting, and if not, then within three days after the fitting of parliament.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thar, during The bank not

the continuance of the redricStion by this acSl imposed on pay- to advance ments by the said governor and company, in cash, it shall not ^/or

be lawful for the said governor and company to issue any sum of service during money in cash, or in notes of the said governor and company, theretfri6tien, by way of loan or advance, for or on account of the publick fer- unless autho-vice, except on the credit of any duties to be imposed by any act par-

N n % 'or urr'ent*

Orders in council for issuing cash to be laid before parliament.

The bank may receive films, not under 500l. for notes, and

526 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 1. [1797.

or acts which may be passed in the present session of parliament, for continuing the duties on malt, and for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, and any other advance which may be authorised by any other act or acts which may be passed during the continuance of the said restriiftion.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, during the continuance of the restriction by this act imposed on payments by the said governor and company in cash, it shall nevertheless be lawful for the said governor and company to accept, from any

engage to pay person or persons whatsoever, any sum or sums of money, in cash, .^vlcafli°UrL^S, 10t ke*nj? ^lan ^ve hundred pounds, in exchange for notes* of the said governor and company, of equal amount, upon an engagement from the said governor and company, to pay to such person or persons, during the continuance of such restriction as aforesaid, cash in exchange for any note or notes of the said governor and company, payable on demand, to such an amount, not exceeding in the whole three fourths of the sum of money which shall have been so paid by such person or persons to the said governor and company in cash, and in such proportions, and at such intervals, as shall be expressed in such engagement; and it shall be lawful for the said governor and company to pay in C3fh such sum and sums of money as shall be required to be so paid, according to the terms of such engagement, to the amount, in the proportions, at the times, and in the manner therein to be expressed; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said governor and company, notwithstanding the re (trillion imposed by this act, to advance, for the accommodation of the persons dealing as bankers in London, Westmin-(lev, and the borough of Southwark, in cash, any sums of money, not exceeding one hundred thousand pounds in the whole, to be paid to such persons, at such times, in such proportions, and in such manner, as to the said governor and company shall seem expedient.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said governor and company of the bank of England, upon application being made to them, by

_ or on the behalf of the treasurer of the bank called The Bank of tin-royal bank Scotland, established by an act of the parliament of Scotland, in of Scotland, one thousand six hundred and ninety-five, or by or on the behalf of the cashier of the bank called The Royal Bank of Scotland, incorporated by royal charter, dated the thirty^first day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty-seven, to issue and pay to such treasurer or calhiet respectively, or to such person or persons as they shall respectively appoint to receive the same, for the sole use of the said banks, such sum or sums of money, in gold or silver, as may be required, not exceeding the sum of twenty-five thousand pounds for each of the said banks; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise not-

ioo, ooooI. in calli may be advanced to the bankeis of London, Westminster, and Southwark.

25, 000l. for each may be advanced to the bank of Scotland, and

with (landing.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 1. 527

VII. And be it further enacted, That all payments in notes Payments in of the said governor and company expressed to be payable on^ej>I^e^e demand, which have been made since the twenty-sixth dayofjnca^1 February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or which accepted a8 shall be made during the restrition on payments by the said go - such. vernor and company in cash, herein contained, shall be deemed payments in cash if made and accepted as such \ any law, statute,

or usage, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That during the continuance No person to of the restrition on payments by the said governor and company

in cash, imposed by this at, no person shall be held to special urdefsaffida-bail upon any process issuing out of any court, unless the affidavit vit be made which shall be made for that purpose according to the provisions that there had in the at of the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King "°n° George the First, for preventing frivolous and vexatious arrests, notes.

shall not only contain the several matters required by the said at, but also that no offer has been made to pay the sum of money in such affidavit mentioned, and therein (worn to, for the purpose of holding any person to special bail, in notes of the said governor and company, expressed to be payable on demand, (fractional parts of the sum of twenty shillings only excepted); and if any If no such process shall be issued against: any person upon which such person might have been held to special bail before the passing of an at fAme proceed-of the last session of parliament, intituled An act for confirming mgs to be had and continuing, for a limited time, the refitriftion contained in the as if none had minute of council of the twenty-sixth of February one thousand seven -tc!

hundred and ninety-seven, on payments of caflo by the bank, and no^y* affidavit shall be made as aforesaid, and no such offer of payment in notes of the governor and company had been made as aforesaid, such person shall not be arrested on such process, but proceedings shall be had against: such person in the same manner as if no affidavit had been made for the purpose of holding such person to special bail under the provisions of the said act of his said late majesty King George the First; and all provisions in such act, or in any other act of parliament, for preventing frivolous and vexatious arrests, shall be applied to the provisions in this act contained, so far as the same are capable of being so applied: provided always, That if an affidavit shall be made upon If any person which any person might have been held to special bail upon any cannot, by such process as aforesaid, before the passing of the said last recited °be°held3 act of the last session of parliament, and it shall be likewise sworn to special bail, in such affidavit that such offer of payment has been made as afore- the court may said, so that the person who might have been arrested and held to special bail upon such process, if this at had not been made, t(^answer°the cannot, by reason of such offer and of the provisions in this act demand, and contained, be so arrested and held to special bail, it shall be law- it not done ful for the court out of which such process shall issue, or for any he ny be judge of such court, in a summary way, to order the defendant arre in the action in which such process shall issue, and who might have been so held to special bail as aforesaid if this at had not been made, to cause notes of the said governor and company,

Collectors of the publick revenue to accept it in notes.

528 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 2. [1797.

expressed to be payable on demand, to the amount of the sum of money for which such person might have been so held to special bail if this act had not been made, to be deposited in such manner as such court or such judge shall direct, to answer the demands of the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action; and if such deposit shall not be made within the time limited by such order after such notice thereof as shall thereby be directed to be given, it shall be lawful, upon affidavit duly made and filed that such deposit has not been made according to such order, to arrest such defendant, and ho]d him or her to special bail, in such and the same manner as if this act had not been made.

IX. And be it further enacted, That during the continuance of the restriction on payments by the said governor and company in cash, by this act imposed, all sums of money which now are or shall become payable for any part of the publick revenue, shall be accepted, by the collectors, receivers, and other officers of the revenue, authorised to receive the same, in notes of the said governor and company, expressed to be payable on demand, if offered to be so paid, (fractional parts of the sum of twenty shillings only excepted).

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may

<on prevfo^is*for governor and company of the bank of England,

notice to the during the continuance of this act, to issue cash, out of any cash speaker of the which shall be at their disposal, in payment of any debt or demand

whatever, or of any part or proportion of any debt or demand whatever, upon their giving five days notice in writing to the speaker of the house of commons of their intention so to do, specifying the description of such debt or demand, any thing in this act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; rnHrpCa n0^ which notice the speaker of the house of commons is hereby required to cause forthwith to be inserted in the London Gazette.

[Continuance of act.]

XI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be in force and have continuance, so far as the same restrains the said governor and company from issuing cash in payments, until one month after the conclusion of the present war by a definitive treaty of peace; and that this act, or any clause, matter, or thing, herein contained, may be repealed, altered, or varied, in any manner whatsoever, during the present session of parliament.

The bank

house of commons

notice.

[Act may be repealed or altered this session.]

CAP. II.

An act to continue, until the expiration of thirty days after the commencement of the next feiTion of parliament, an act passed in the session of parliament of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, c. 137. viz. on July 20, 1797* intituled An act to continue an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled, 'An act to revive and continue for a limited time, and amend an act passed in the present session of parliament/ intituled, "An act to allow the banks, and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue notes for sums under a certain amount, for a limited time; and for indemnifying all persons who have issued notes for small sums of money in that part of the united kingdom/' for a limited time.

[Nov. 30, 1797.]

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 3 — 8.

CAP. III.

An act to continue until March i, 1799, an act passed in the session of parliament of the thirly-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, c. 72. viz. on June 6, 1797, for prohibiting the importation of camhricks and French lawns into this kingdom, not being of the manufacture of Ireland, except for the purpose of being warehoused for exportation.

[Nov. 30, 1797.]

CAP. IV.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year 1798.

[Nov. 30, 1797.]

Cap. v.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1798.

[Nov. 30, 1797.]

Four shillings in the pound. In England to raise 1, 989, 6731. 7s. iod. iq.

In Scotland 47, 9541. is. ad. Total 2, 037, 6271. 9s. od. iq.

CAP. VI.

An act to continue, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act passed in the session of parliament holden in the thirty* sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, c. 7c. viz. on June 6, 1797, for the better prevention and punishment of attempts to seduce persons serving in his Majesty's forces, by sea or land, from their duty and allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite them to mutiny or disobedience.

[Dec. 2, 1797.]

CAP. VII.

An act to continue, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, two several acts, passed in the fettion of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, the one, c. 32* on March 10, and the other, c. 61, on May 25, 1797, for suspending, for a limited time, the operation of certain acts, made in the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for restraining the negociation of promissory notes and bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England.

[Dec. 2, 1797.]

CAP. VIII.

An act for raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year 1798.

[Dec. 30, 1797.]

Commissioners of the treasury may raise 3, oooo, ooool. by loans and exchequer bills, before April 5, 1798, in like manner as is prescribed by the malt act of this fettion, concerning loans, Scc. The clauses, Sec. in the said act relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception^ extended to this act. Exchequer bills so ittiied not to be received again in payment of any taxes; nor exchanged before OdL 10, 1798. Action not to lie for such retufal. Principal and interest, with charges, to be repaid out of certain instalments, on any loan of this session; and if the instalments paid before Nov. 20, 1798, be insufficient, to be charged on the consolidated fund. Monies so issued to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank of England authorised to advance the said sum on the credit of this act; notwithstanding the a<H 5 and 6 Gul. Sc Marise, or 38 Geo. 3. c. 1.

53° Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 9 — 12. [1797.

CAP. IX.

An act to continue, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act passed in the thirty-fifth year of his present Majesty, c. 15. viz. on March 16, 1795; and also an act passed in the same year, c. 80. viz. on May 22r 1795; and also another act passed in the thirty-sixth year of his present Majesty, c. 76. viz. May 14, 1796, relating to the admission of certain articles of merchandize in neutral ships, and the issuing of orders in council for that purpose; and to continue, for the same period, an act passed in the session of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, c. 21. viz. on Dec. 28, 1796, authorising his Majesty to make regulations respe(fling the trade and commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.

[Dec. 30, 1797.]

CAP. X.

An act to continue, until the expiration of six weeks from the commencement of the next session of parliament, so much of an act passed in the session of parliament of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seven th years of his present Majesty, c. 7. viz. on Nov. it, 1796, as relates to the exportation and carrying coastwise of wheat and rye, and to the importation of several articles of provision.

[Dec. 30, 1797.]

Act 37 Geo. 3. c. 7, recited. So much of recited act as relates to the exportation or carrying coastwise of wheat, See. or to the importation of beans, See further continued. Foreign wheat or rye, &c. arriving at any port in Great Britain by Dec. 31, 1797, may be imported duty free, if proved to have been ready for sea at certain periods. During the rtcefs of parliament, his Majesty may suspend the provision's of this act. Act may be altered or repealed this session.

CAP. XI.

An act to revive and continue, until March 1, 1798, an act passed in the - session of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, c. 102. viz. on July 19, 1797* for granting to his Majesty additional duties on distilkries in the several parts of the highlands of Scotland therein particularly described, for a linn ted time; and for regulating the duties on distilleries in the respective districts in Scotland.

[Dec. 30, 1797.]

CAP. XII.

An act to give further time for executing, ajid for enlarging, the powers of an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to raise and embody a militia force in that part of the kingdom of Great Britaingalled Scotland.

[Dec. 30, 1797.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the last session of parliament, 37 Geo. 3. intituled An act to raise and embody a militia force in cited3' TC- ^lat Part>°^ the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, the first meeting of his Majesty's lieutenants and the deputy lieutenants of each county, stewartry, city, or place, for carrying into execution the said-aft, was thereby directed to be held on the first day of August, in the' year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven: and whereas his Majesty's lieutenants and]deputy lieutenants of certain counties, fiew- artries, cities, or places, in Scotland, have not met on the said, first day of August, to carry the said act into execution, by reason whereof the said militia have not yet been raised in Scotland y may it there-

in osted by

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 12..531

fore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in every county, stewartry, city, or place, in Scotland, Where the where the first meeting of lieutenants and deputy lieutenants was not held on the day appointed by the said act, it shall be lawful wagcnot held for the lieutenants and deputy lieutenants of the said counties, on the day stewartries, cities, and places respectively, and they are hereby appointed by required to meet on the twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to carry the said act into execu- meet not later tion; and the lieutenants and deputy lieutenants respectively, than March who shall attend such meeting, are hereby authorised and em-798. powered to proceed in the execution of the said act, in the like manner as they were directed to do, and might have done, on the said first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven 3 provided always, That if it shall happen that the lieutenants and deputy lieutenants of any county, stewartry, city, or place, in which the said act hath not been carried i»to execution, shall not hold their first meeting on the said twelfth day of February one thousand, seven hundred and ninety-eight, it shall be lawful for the said respective lieutenants and deputy lieutenants to meet at any other time afterwards, not later than the first day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and they are hereby respectively required, in case of such failure, to meet at such time as they conveniently can, and so as the said meeting be not unnecessarily postponed or later than the said first day ot March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and that the first meeting to be held on any of the days before mentioned, and all other fubi'equent. meetings to be held in pursuance thereof, and also all proceedings and acts to be had or done at the said several meetings, or any of them, or in pursuance of orders given at such meeting, shall be equally valid and effectual as if the same meetings had been held on, the days mentioned in the said act, or authorised thereby, and the same proceedings and adds had been done at such meetings, or in pur-luance of orders given at the same.

II. And whereas it is enabled by the said act, that the number of private men to be raised by the said act should be apportioned and divided over the several counties, stewartries, cities, and placeas his Majesty, by order in council, shall dire ft: and whereas for ivant of returns from the said counties, stewartries, cities, and places, where the said act has not been carried into execution, his Majesty hath not been able to make such division; be it further enacted, That in the His Majesty, mean time, and notwithstanding no accounts or states of persons in council, liable to serve as militia men have been transmitted for certain of the said counties, stewartries, cities, and places, it shall be lawful ber of men to for his Majesty, by order in council, from the lifts, states, and serve for each accounts, already transmitted to his Majesty's privy council, pre-'whence^ vioufiy to apportion and divide over the several counties, stew-turns have" artries, cities, and places, from which such lifts, states, and been trans.

accounts, mitted.

532 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 12. [1797.

accounts, have been transmitted, the number of militia men to

Till the whole returns are transmuted, the total to be apportioned for places from whence returns have been sent, shall not exceed 5500.

Such provisional apportionment may be ir.creased on receipt of the whole returns.

On receipt of his Majesty's ©rder in council for that purpose, a general meeting of lieutenancy to be summoned, &c.

Lifts for two or more districts may be added together.

serve for each such county, stewartry, city, or place any thing in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That until such time as returns shall have been transmitted to his Majesty's privy council from all the counties, stewartries, cities, and places, in Scotland, the total number of militia men to be apportioned for those counties, stewartries, cities, and places, from which returns have been received, as directed by the said act, shall not exceed five thousand five hundred.

IV. Provided also, That if upon the returns being made from the remaining counties, stewartries, cities, or places, where the said act has not been carried into execution, it shall appear to fiis Majesty in council that the number of men to be apportioned over the said remaining counties, stewartries, cities, or places, together with the numbers already apportioned, will notcompleat the number to be raised by the said act, it shall be lawful For his Majesty, by order in council, to make such further apportionment of men to be raised over the several counties, stewartries, cities, and places, for which such provisional apportionment shall have been before made, as to his Majesty in council shall seem expedient and necessary to carry into effect the provisions of the said act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant, or, failing of him, any three or more deputy lieutenants, of each county, stewartry, city, or place, shall, upon receipt of his Majesty's order in council aforesaid, summon a general meeting of the said lieutenant and deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, at some burgh or principal town of the said county, stewartry, or place, not later than fourteen days after the receipt of the said order in council, at which general meeting the number of men to be ballotted for in each subdivision or district of the said county, stewartry, city, or place, shall be fixed and apportioned; which ballot shall take place as directed by the said act, and the copy of the roll or rolls of militia men ballotted for and thereby ordered to be affixed to the door of each parish church, maybe so affixed by the schoolmaster of such parish, or by a constable or other officer; Anything in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said lieutenant and deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, at their said general meeting, or at any adjourned or other general meeting, held for the further execution of the said recited act, or of this act, to add together, whenever they shall think necessary, the lifts for two or more districts or sub-

divisions, and proceed upon such lifts added together, in like

manner as if they had been originally returned for one parish,

place, subdivision, or district, so as to make the choice of militia

men by ballot within every such county, stewartry, city, or place,

as equal and impartial as possible; any thing in the said act to

the contrary notwithstanding.

Meetings may

VII. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty's lieutenant

be 1 u m rp ()riecl 1 j j

at any time. for eac^ county, stewartry, city, or place, together with any two

or

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 13. 533

or more deputy lieutenants, and on the death or removal or in the absence of his Majesty's said lieutenant, the deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, may summon a general meeting, or district or subdivision meeting, at such times and places as they may think necessary for the further execution of the said recited act and this present act, besides those especially directed to be held as aforesaid; and which general and district or subdivision meetings shall have the same powers and authorities as are given to them respectively by the said recited act and this present act, and may be adjourned from time to time as may be found necessary.

CAP. XIII.

An act to amend an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act to enable his Majesty to grant commissions to a certain number of foreign protestants, who have served abroad as officers or engineers, to act and rank as officers or engineers in America only, under certain restrictions and qualifications.

[Dec. 30, \ *797.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is judged expedient for the better defence of his Majesty's colonies in America, to augment his Majesty's fix-tieth regiment of infantry, now consisting of four battalions of one thousand men each, by the addition of a fifth battalion, to confijl in like manner of one thousand meny and to inlijl as soldiers, to serve in the said fifth battalion in America, any of the foreign troops now in his Majesty's pay, or other foreigners who shall voluntarily enter theiii-selves to serve as soldiers therein: and whereas such foreigners cannot fa well be djciplined, without the affiance of some officers who are acquainted with their manners and language: and whereas it is expedient, in the present juncture of ajfairs, to facilitate the speedy raising of such fifth battalion, and to enable a certain nu?nber of foreign officers to serve and receive pay as officers in such fifth battalion: be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to augment the said sixtieth battalion regiment of infantry, by the addition of a fifth battalion, to consist to the 6cth of one thousand men, and to enlist as soldiers, to fe.rve in such regiment, and battalion, any of the foreign troops now in his Majesty's pay, or other foreigners who shall voluntarily enter themselves to lerve thereinTn as soldiers therein in America, America.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Foreign ofi-all such foreign officers who shall receive commissionS from his cers may serve Majesty, his heirs and successors, to be officers of such fifth bat- and rf-ceive talion in America (which commissions it shall and may be lawful erein* for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to grant), shall and may be enabled to serve and receive pay as officers in the said regiment.

534 Anno regni tricesimo octavo GEORGxi.III. c. 14 — 16. [1797.

TIL And whereas by an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of his late Majesty's reign, intituled An act to enable his Majesty to grant commissions to a certain number of foreign protestants, who have served abroad as officers or engineers, to act and rank A clause in as °^cers or engineers m America only, under certain restric-

29 Geo a to ^ons an<^ qualifications, it is amongst other things enabled. That

enable his the number of officers in the said regiment shall not, in the whole, at

Majesty to any time, exceed fifty, nor the number of engineers, in the whole, at

grant com- any exceed twenty; be it therefore enacted, That the said

foreignVro- rented clause in the above-mentioned act shall, from and after testants, re- the passing of this present act, be, and it is hereby declared to pealed. be and stand totally repealed to all intents and purposes.

Foreign offi-

IV. Provided also, That no such foreign officer shall be cersto serve in enabled by this act to serve as an officer in any place except

fnd m'a3 re17* America

only; but every such foreign officer, when he shall be ceivehalf-pay. reduced, shall be capable of receiving half-pay according to the rank in which he shall then serve.

CAP. XIV.

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the tim'e directed by law, and for extending the time limitted for those purposes, until Dec. 25, 1798; to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or having been stamped, have been loft or mistaid, and for allowing them, until Dec. 25, 1798; to provide admissions duly stamped; to permit such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first day of Michaelmas term, 1798; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected totranf-mit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for that, purpose, until Sept. 1, 1798*.

[Dec. 30, 1797.]

CAP. XV.

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore, to continue until March 25, 1799.

[Dec. 30. 1797.]

CAP. XVI.

An act for granting to his Majesty an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war.

[Jan. 12, 1798.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, feeling it our indispensable duty at the present crisis, to provide effectually for raising the supplies which are requisite to defray your Majesty's publick expences in the prosecution of the just and necessary war in which we are engaged, for the defence and preservation of your Majesty's crown, and of the religion, laws, liberties, and property of all your Majesty's faithful subjects, have

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. i6. 535

freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the aid and contribution herein after mentioned, and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this abf, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, annually, during the term herein after mentioned, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, the several additional rates, duties, and sums of money herein after mentioned; (that is to say). That every person assessed to any of Persons af-the duties payable at and immediately before the passing of this ^to.) the abf, on male servants, on carriages, or on horses kept for the maje servants, purpose of riding, or of drawing any such carriages, shall be carriages, or charged annually, during the term herein mentioned, with an horses for additional rate or duty in proportion to the amount of the said ^awm^car duties to which such person is assessect, according to the last riagCSj 6to pay yearly assessment or assessments made or to be made prior to the an additional sixth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, duty on the in pursuance of any abl of parliament now in force, and the proportion thereof shall be as follows; (that is to say). Where the prior to April amount of the said duties shall be under twenty-five pounds, a 6, 1798; in duty equal to three times the amount thereof; where the amount certain proof the said duties shall be twenty-five pounds, and shall be under Portiomi-thirty pounds, a duty equal to three times the amount and one half the amount thereof; where the amount of the said duties shall be thirty pounds, and shall be under forty pounds, a duty equal to four times the amount thereof; where the amount of the said duties shall be forty pounds, and shall be under fifty pounds, a duty equal to four times the amount and one half the amount thereof; and where the amount of the said duties shall be fifty pounds or upwards, a duty equal to five times the amount thereof: and that where any person shall be so charged by any such assessment made for a less term than a year, the additional rate or duty hereby imposed shall be computed on the aggregate amount of the sums contained in such assessment or assessments, and of such further sum to be added thereto as would be payable thereon if the same were made for a whole year. Persons af-

II. And be it further enacted, That every person assessed to sessed to the any of the rates or duties now payable on houses, windows, or lights, or on inhabited houses, on dogs, or on clocks, watches, dovvs \\0(r^ or timekeepers, (except as herein after provided), the amount or clocks or of whose last assessment or assessments of the said duties shall not watches, lor be equal to one pound, shall be exempted from any additional Ms than 20s. rate or duty; and that in all cases where the amount of the last f^m mv ad-assessment or assessments made upon such person of the said du- ditionafduty, ties, Avail be one pound or upwards, such person shall be charged but if allelled annually, during the term herein mentioned, with an additional t°et l a rate or duty, in proportion to the amount of the said duties to amount to which such person is assessect, according to the last yearly assess- pay in certain

ment proportions.

ment or assessments, made or to be made prior to the sixth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in pursuance of any act of parliament now in force; and the proportion thereof shall be as follows'; videlicet, Where the amount of the said duties shall he under two pounds, a duty equal to one fourth the amount thereof; where the amount of the said duties shall be

two pounds, and shall be under three pounds, a duty equal to one half the amount thereof; where the amount of the said duties shall be three pounds, and shall be under five pounds, a duty equal to three fourths of the amount thereof; where the amount of the said duties shall be five pounds, and shall be under seven pounds and ten shillings, a duty equal to the amount thereof; where the amount of the said duties shall be seven pounds and ten shillings, and shall be under ten pounds, a duty equal to the amount and one half the amount thereof; where the amount of the said duties shall be ten pounds, and shall be under twelve pounds and ten shillings, a duty equal to twice the amount thereof; where the amount of the said duties shall be twelve pounds and ten shillings, and shall be under fifteen pounds, a duty equal to twice the amount and one half the amount thereof; where the amount of the said duties shall be fifteen pounds, and shall be under twenty pounds, a duty equal to three times the amount thereof; where the amount of the said duties shall be twenty pounds, and shall be under thirty pounds, a duty equal to three times the amount and one half the amount thereof; where the amount of the said duties shall be thirty pounds, and shall be under forty pounds, a duty equal to four times the amount thereof; where the amount of the said duties shall be forty pounds, and shall be under fifty pounds, a duty equal to four times the amount and one half the amount thereof; and where the amount of the said

Lodging houses or Chops a fie fled under 3l. to the duties on houses, windows, dogs, or clocks or watches, exempted from any additional duty, hut if a fie (Ted to that or a greater amount, to pay in certain proportions.

duties shall he fifty pounds or upwards, a duty equal to five times the amount thereof: and that where any person shall be so charged by any such assessment made for a lets term than a year, the additional rate or duty hereby imposed shall be computed on the ap-o-reo-ate amount of the sums contained in such assessment or assessments, and of such further sum to be added thereto as would become payable thereon if the lame were made for a whole year.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every person who shall occupy any dwelling house usually let out by such person in part to lodgers, or with the purpose of usually so letting out the same, or any dwelling house, part whereof is occupied and used by the same person as a shop, the amount of whose last assessment or assessments, in respect of the duties now payable on houses, windows, or lights, or on inhabited houses, or on dogs, clocks, watches, or timekeepers, shall be in the whole under three pounds, shall be exempted from any additional rate or duty; and that in all cases where the amount of the last assessment or assessments to the said duties, made upon such occupier, shall amount to three pounds, such occupier shall be charged annually, during the term herein mentioned, with an additional rate or duty, in proportion to the amount of the said duties to

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16.

which such occupier is assessed, according to the lad yearly affefT-inent or assessments made or to be made prior to the sixth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in pursuance of any act of parliament nowin force; and the proportion thereof shall be as follows; videlicet, Where the amount of the said duties shall be three pounds and shall be under five pounds, a duty equal to one tenth of the amount thereof; where the amount of the said duties shall be five pounds and shall be under seven pounds and ten shillings, a duty equal to one fifth of the amount thereof; where the amount of the said duties shall be seven pounds and ten shillings and shall be under ten pounds, a duty equal to one fourth of the amount thereof; where the amount of the said duties shall be ten pounds and shall be under twelve pounds and ten shillings, a duty equal to one half the amount thereof; where the amount of the -said duties shall be twelve pounds and ten shillings and shall be under fifteen pounds, a duty equal to three fourths the amount thereof; where the amount of the said duties shall be fifteen pounds and shall be under twenty pounds, a duty equal to the amount thereof; where the amount of the said duties shall be twenty pounds and shall be under twenty-five pounds, a duty equal to the amount and one fourth the amount thereof; where the amount of the said duties shall be twenty-five pounds and shall be under thirty pounds, a duty equal to the amount and one half the amount thereof; and where the amount of the said duties shall be thirty pounds or upwards, a duty equal to twice the amount thereof: and that where any person shall be so charged by any such assessment, made for a less term than a year, the additional rate or duty hereby imposed shall be computed on the aggregate amount of the sums contained in such assessment or assessments, and of such further sum to be added thereto as would become payable thereon if the same were made for a whole yean

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every person charged to the additional rates or duties hereby imposed, shall, upon proving, as herein after is mentioned, that the amount of his or her annual income, to be estimated as herein after directed, is less than the sum of sixty pounds, be exempted from the said additional rates or duties; and in all cases where such annual income amounts to sixty pounds or more, such person shall be entitled to such an abatement of the said additional rates or duties, as may be necessary to reduce the same, in each case respectively, in the proportions herein after flated; (that is to say),

537

Persons whose annual income is less than-boh exempted from the additional duty, and where it amounts to that sum or more, to be entitled to abatement* as follow.

Where the said annual income shall appear to be not less than sixty pounds but under sixty-five pounds, to a sum not exceeding one one-hundred and twentieth part of the same:

Or not less than sixty-five pounds but under seventy pounds, to a sum not exceeding one ninety-fifth part of the same:

Or not less than seventy pounds but underseventy-five pounds, to a sum not exceeding one seventieih part of the same;

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16. [1797.

Or not less than seventy-five pounds but under eighty pounds, to a sum not exceeding one sixty-fifth part of the same:

Or not less than eighty pounds but under eighty-five pounds, to a sum not exceeding one sixtieth part of the lame:

Or not less than eighty-five pounds but under ninety pounds, to a sum not exceeding one fifty-fifth part of the same:

Or not less than ninety pounds but under ninety-five pounds, to a sum not exceeding one fiftieth part of the same:

Or not less than ninety-five pounds but under one hundred pounds, to a sum not exceeding one forty-fifth part of the same;

Or not less than one hundred pounds but under one hundred and five pounds, to a sum not exceeding one fortieth part of the same:

Or not less than one hundred and five pounds but under one hundred and ten pounds, to a sum not exceeding one thirty-eighth pait of the same:

Or not less than one hundred and ten pounds but under one hundred and fifteen pounds, to a sum not exceeding one thirty-sixth part of the same:

Or not less than one hundred and fifteen pounds but under one hundred and twenty pounds, to a sum not exceeding one thirty-fourth part of the same:

Or not less than one hundred and twenty pounds but under one hundred and twenty-five pounds, to a sum not exceeding one thirty-second part of the same:

Or not less than one hundred and twenty-five pounds but under One hundred and thirty pounds, to a sum not exceeding one thirtieth part of the same:

Or not less than one hundred and thirty pounds but under one hundred and thirty-five pounds, to a sum not exceeding one twenty-eighth part of the same:

Or not less than one hundred and thirty-five pounds but under one hundred and forty pounds, to a sum not exceeding one twenty-sixth part of the lame:

Or not less than one hundred and forty pounds but under one hundred and forty-five pounds, to a sum not exceeding one twenty-fourth part of the same:

Or not less than one hundred and forty-five pounds but under one hundred and fifty pounds, to a sum not exceeding one twenty-second part of the same:

Or not less than one hundred and fifty pounds but under one hundred and fifty-five pounds, to a sum not exceeding one twentieth part of the same:

Or not less than one hundred and fifty-five pounds but under one hundred and sixty pounds, to a sum not exceeding one nineteenth part of the same:

Or not less than One hundred and sixty pounds but under one hundred and sixty-five pounds, to a sum not exceeding one eighteenth part of the same;

Or not less than one hundred and sixty-five pounds but under one hundred and seventy pounds, to a sum not exceeding one seventeenth part of the same:

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. i6<

Or not leis than one hundred and seventy pounds but under one hundred and seventy-five pounds, to a sum not exceeding one sixteenth part of the same:

Or not less than one hundred and seventy-five pounds but under one hundred and eighty pounds, to a sum not exceeding one fifteenth part of the same:

Or not less than one; hundred and eighty pounds but under one hundred and eighty-five pounds, to a Turn not exceeding one fourteenth part of the same:

Or not less than one hundred and eighty-five pounds but under one hundred and ninety pounds, to a sum not exceeding one thirteenth part of the same:

Or not less than one hundred and ninety pounds but under one hundred and ninety-five pounds, to a sum not exceeding one twelfth part of the same:

Or not less than one hundred and ninety-five pounds but under two hundred pounds, to a sum not exceeding one eleventh part of the same;

Or to two hundred pounds and upwards, to a sum not exceeding one tenth part of the same:

And where the said annual income shall appear to be not less than two hundred pounds, every such person shall be entitled to such an abatement of the additional duty now granted, as may be necessary to reduce the same, in each case respectively, to a sum not exceeding one tenth part of the said income.

V. And be it further enacted, That every person not assessed Persons affefT-

within the year ending on the fifth day of April one thousand ed after April seven hundred and ninety-eight, to any of the said duties pay- pay the'addi-able at and immediately before the passing of this act, and who tional duty oil shall be affeiled to any of the said duties in any subsequent year the amount of during the term herein after mentioned, shall be charged with the like additional rate or duty on the amount of the sums-con-^Cq tained in such assessment or assessments, from the commence- mencement of ment of the year for which such assessmeni or assessments shall be the year for made, subject nevertheless to the like abatement as if such per- which made. Ton had been assessfed to the said duties within the year ending on the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall, Persons a fie IF.

by any assessment or assessments to be made after the fist h day of ec* alter April April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, be afieffed in grater*respect of the said duties payable at and immediately before the amount than passing of this act, to a greater amount than the amount contained in the prior in the prior assessment, shall be charged with a further additional tC*

rate or duty, in proportion to the sums contained in such latter af- with apropos fefiment or assessments, from the commencement of the year for tional addi-which such latter a (fed ment or assessments shall be made. tional affclT-

VII. And be it further enacted, That every person whose meilt-assessment shall be increased by any surcharge to be allowed, shall Surcharges to be charged, in respect of such increased assessment, in the like be charged as

VoL.XLI. Oo ( pro-if they "ad

540 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16. [1797.

been included proportion as if all the articles in respect of which such surcharge oripnal may be allowed, had been included in the original assessment. Fra^tkinal*

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every

parts'of af- assessment to be made by virtue of this act, shall be made on the

fe Aments un-, amount contained in any such assessment of the duties now pay-der ts. not to able as aforesaid, exclusive of any fradional parts of sums not be ^barged amounting in the whole to one shilling.

tional duty

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several additional

Additional* rates or duties by this act imposed, shall be levied and paid an-duty to be nually, during the continuance of the term herein-mentioned, to paid annually the full amount of the sums contained in the first assessment to be to the amount made thereof respectively, without any alteration, except in the °^tJbe cases and in the manner herein otherwise directed.

madement X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the

If the amount amount duties now payable by any person shall conflfl: of

of duties now various articles, on the respective amounts whereof different payableconfift rates of duty are hereby imposed, separate assessments shall be of articles, made according to each rate of duty, which assessments shall be wherS>TareS re^Pe(^Ive^y t made on the aggregate amount of the said duties whereon the same rate of duty is imposed; and that in every such case, if the duties of ten pounds per centum and ten pounds per centum, now payable on the amount of former duties, shall have been calculated on the whole of the said former duties contained each j^and Tthe, n any assessment, it shall be lawful duly to apportion the same; duties of 10l. and the said respective of for executing this act shall per cent, and cause the same to be apportioned according to the respective ma ^bea^4 amounts said duties, whereon the same rates are imposed,

portioned. before any assessmept shall be made thereon by virtue of this act. Inns See. and

XI. And be it further enacted, That every innkeeper, and boarding other person licensed to fell wine, ale, or other liquors by retail, schools to be and every person keeping any school, academy, or seminary for chargeable as learning, and usually having their scholars to board and lodge (to a number not less than ten) in their respective dwelling houses, shall be entitled to be exempted in the like cases, and the additional rate or duty to be imposed on them respectively by this act shall be ascertained in like manner, and under the like rules and regulations, as are herein-before prescribed with respect to persons assessed for houses actually let to lodgers, or having {hops.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every person having one or more dwelling houses, usually let as a ready-furnished lodging hotife or lodging houses, or keeping one or more dwell-ready furaifti- trig houses with the purpose of so usually letting out the same, ed, to be shall, in respect of each dwelling hotife so let or kept with the atTessed as for purpGfe of being so let, be liable to the said additional rate or duty* at the like rate and under the like rules and regulations as are herein prescribed with respect to persons assessed for houses

liable to different rates, separate assessments to be made for

lodging

houses.

Persons having one or more houses, usually let

lodging houses, and for two or more fepa-ratdy.

let in part to lodgers as aforesaid, and shall be entitled to be exempted from the said additional rate or duty in the like cases as persons so letting houses in part to lodgers: provided always, That every assessment to be made by virtue of this act on any person having two or more such dwelling houses so let or kept

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii IIr. c. i6. 541

with the purpose of being so let, shall be ascertained at the rate before-mentioned on the amount of the duties now payable in respect of each such dwelling house separately, and not on the aggregate amount of the said duties payable in respect of all the houses, or of any other of the said duties for which such person shall or may be assessed.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no No person to person shall be deemed to occupy any dwelling house for the purpose of being let out in part to lodgers, or as a ready-furnished or*

lodging house, unless the same shall be actually let, or unless such ready-fur-person shall prove, upon appeal in the manner herein-mentioned, nillied house, that such dwelling house hath been let out in part to lodgers, or unless be io as a ready-furnished lodging house, within the year preceding the tfeen^etwithin time of making such appeal, or that the same, not being so let, the year pre-hath been advertised or publickly offered to be so let in the period ceding appeal, in which the same shall not have been so let; and that such person hath occupied or kept, and doth continue to occupy or keep the same, with the bona fide purpose of being let out in part to lodgers or as a ready-furnished lodging house,

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any Persons hav-person having more than four children of him or her, or of his

or her wife or husband, or of both of them, born in lawful wed- under 2I°!C lock, being respectively under the age of twenty-one years, and years, main* maintained by such person at his or her expence, shall be entitled tained by to the respective abatements following, over and above any other ^iTled°toC abatement to which such person may be entitled on the ground Certain abate-of his or her income; that is to say, Any person having more ments on than four such children and not amounting to eight such chil- appeal and dren, shall have an abatement at the rate of ten pounds per cen- Pr°of. turn on the amount of the additional rates or duties hereby imposed any person having eight such children and not more than nine such children, an abatement after the rate of fifteen pounds per centum on such amount as aforesaid; and any person having ten such children or more, an abatement after the rate of twenty pounds per centum on such amount; which abatements shall be allowed by the respective of for executing this act, upon appeal, and delivery of a declaration Hating the number of such appellant's children, and on proof made, to the satisfaction of the said Commissioners of the truth of the matters contained in such declaration; and the said commissioners shall cause the assessment to be amended, as the case shall require.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no person sheriffs, or having served, or who shall, during the continuance of this act, annual offi-serve the office of sheriff of any county, or any annual office in cers of corpo-any corporation or.royal burgh, and who shall be assessed to the

duties payable on servants, carriages, or horses kept by him ditional car-during such year of service, shall be liable to be charged during riages, horseS, such year of service, by virtue of this a'ft, for any number of or servants, servants, carriages and horses, greater than the number such person was alleged to by the last assessment made prior to the their Office year of such service, nor shall he be liable to be so charged after only, such year of service, provided he shall cease to keep any such

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16. [1797.

additional carriage, horse, or servant, carriages, horses, or servants, after the expiration of such year of service.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no physician' burgeon, apothecary, or midwife, shall be liable to be

ditional rate*assessed, by reason of this act, at more than a single rate in

for one car- addition to the sum at which he is or may be assessed by virtue

riage or two of any act or acts now in force, for a carriage, or for two

horses, where horses, {n any case where he does not keep more than one earths bppr* nn \ r

riage, or two horses.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no academician or associate of the royal academy of arts in Great Britain, keeping one male servant only, shall be liable to be assessed to the said additional rate of duty in a sum greater than once the amount of the duties now payable on such male servant by the last assessment thereof; and that every such academician or associate shall be assessed to the said additional rate or duty on houses, windows, or lights, and on inhabited houses, at the like rate, and under the like rules as are herein-before prescribed for dwelling houses occupied in part as (hops.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in every case in which the rector or vicar of any parish church shall employ a curate to perform divine service therein, which

j"CUfor're<^o° curate frail reside in the redorial or vicarial house, then the riai Gr vicarial additional rates or duties charged upon each such house, by this houses inha- ad, shall be defrayed by such rector or vicar, and not by such curate.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein-contained shall be construed to extend to charge the said additional rate or duty on the amount of the duties payable on houses, windows, or lights, in respect of any of the royal or publick hospitals, or any chambers or apartments therein used or occupied for charitable purposes.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no person

5 4*

Physicians,

they keep no more.

Academicians or afibciates of the royal academy, keeping one male servant, to be aiTefied once the former duty; and to the additional duty on houses and windows as for (hops.

bited by curates.

Additional duty on houses or windows not to extend to royal or publick hospitals.

Junatics^to be w s or fr3^cen^e<J to keep, and who shall keep a

house for the reception of lunatics, shall be chargeable with any greater rate of duty than if such house had been let out to lodgers.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every person assessed to the duties now payable on horses, granted by two acts of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of the reign of his present Majesty, the one thereof, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty new duties on certain horses not charged with duty by any other act or acts of parliament, and on mules; and the other thereof, c. 106. to pay intituled An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on assessment*certain horses before charged with a duty of two shillings by an act of prior to April the thirty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, and on mules; 6, 1798. shall be charged annually, during the term herein-mentioned, with an additional rate or duty equal to twice the amount of the said duties to which such person is assessed, according to the last: assessment or assessments made in pursuance of the said acts, prior to the sixth day of April one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-

charged as lodging houses.

Persons afielT-ed to the duties on horses by

36 Geo. 3. c. i<. and

37 Geo. 3

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16. 543

ninety-eight: provided always, That no person occupying a Certain occu-farm, the rent of which shall be less than seventy pounds a year, Qfejles^g0[h^ms and making a livelihood solely thereby, shall be chargeable with 7Q| perann# the said additional rate or duty; and that no person occupying a exempted; farm, the rent of which shall be less than one hundred and fifty and of farms

pounds a year, and making a livelihood solely thereby, shall beIc^than 15ro1*

, 1 -V, ... to.1 { 1*r a c not to pay for

chargeable with the additional rate or duty hereby impoied lot more than five

more than five such horses. horses.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if Persons any person, charged by the last assessment or assessments made as-charged by aforesaid to any of the duties now payable on servants, carrl*aoes5^n^f0afhe or horses, shall at any time before the first day of November onejutreson fer, thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, have ceased to keep vants, carri-any servant, carriage, or horse, or any number of servants, car-ages, or riages, or horses, for which be or she shall have been so charged, and shall have bona fide remained during the whole interval, be--^ov<Ij 1797> tween the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and to keep any, ninety-seven and the time of hearing the appeal against the assess-tobe ex-ment to be made under this act, without any servant, carriage, cmpted from or horse, or any servants, carriages, or horses, in lieu of fbe under this act* former, liable to the like duty, then such person shall, on proof thereof to the satisfaction of the commissioners for executing this act, be exempted from any charge to be made by virtue of this act on the amount of the said duties now payable on such servants, carriages, and horses respectively.

/XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any and also per-person so charged as aforesaid to any of the duties now payable on carriages, shall, from the fifth day of April one thousand seven carrjages from hundred and ninety-seven, to the time of hearing the appeal April 5, 1797. against the assessment to be made by virtue of this act, have bona fide ceased to use any carriage or carriages kept by him or her, and shall have wholly discontinued the use of the same during the whole interval between the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and the time of hearing the appeal against the assessment to be made under this act, then such person shall, on proof thereof to the satisfaction of the of before whom the appeal for that cause shall be depend- persons not ing, be exempted from any charge to be made by virtue of this jjv*m in cities act, on the amount of the duties now payable on such carriage or market or carriages so discontinued. towns, having

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That per- ene Tons not living in cities, or the suburbs thereof, or in market rate(j Jj0t towns, and having but one place of residence, who shall not be above z$\. for rated above the sum of twenty-five pounds (or their male fer-male servants, vants, pleasure horses, and carriages, shall be assessed for their Tories t mansion houses as if they contained forty windows only, not- to'b^aflWftd withstanding the y should contain a greater number, so far as for their mail-respects the additional rates and duties imposed by this act. hon houses

XXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every but for person occupying a farm at the time of any assessment being '*inoows* made of the said additional rates and duties, by virtue of this farws^quHUn

003 act* theminpurfu-

544 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgir III. c. 16. [1797.

a?ce TV3*'lce on horses, by the said two acts of the thirty-sixth and thirty-Bee11! ^7 seventh years of the reign of his present Majesty, before-men-to have an 5 tioned, and who shall quit the said farm, in pursuance of any abatement of notice given before the first day of December one thousand seven the additional hundred and ninety-seven, shall be entitled to an abatement of horsesTept additional rate or duty, for the whole of such horses

for husbandry kept for the purposes of husbandry upon such farm, which such thereon, and person shall cease to keep after having so quitted the said farm; notufedafter. and the assessment made upon such person shall, on proof, to the satisfaction of the commissioners for executing this act, of such person having bona fide ceased to keep any number of such horses, and hath remained without any other horses in lieu of the former, be entitled to an abatement in respect of such number, as aforesaid, of the said horses.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any person who shall, previous to the first day of appeal under this day of appeal for the district where such person resides, have inr, oiled him-entered into self in any regiment, corps, or troop of yeomanry cavalry, raised the yeomanry by virtue of an act passed in the thirtyTourth year of the reign

Persons having previous to the first

cavalry, not having obtained exemption for a horse under 36 Geo. 3. c. 16. in the laftaflefiment, to be assessfed to the additional duty, as if the exemption had been allowed.

of his present Majesty, intituled An act for encouraging and dif-ciplining such corps or companies of men as shall voluntarily enrol themselves for the defence of their counties, towns, or coaflc^ or for the general defence of the kingdom, during the present war, shall not have obtained his exemption for one horse, mare, or gelding, in pursuance of an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his said Majesty, intitutled. An act for granting to his Majesty several additional duties on horses kept for the purpose of riding, or drawing certain carriages, therein-mentioned, in the last assessment made for the year ending the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, then and in such case, on proof, to the satisfaction of the commissioners for executing this act, of his being entitled to such exemption, and on pro- duftion of a certificate to be made out at any time previous to his making such appeal of his service in such regiment, corps, or troop, in the manner directed by the said last mentioned act, the person so enrolled and serving shall be affieffed to the said additional rate or duty in like manner, and at the like rate, as if such exemption had been allowed.

The addi-

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any person houses or n charged to the duties now payable on houses, windows, or lights, windows pay- or on inhabited houses, shall remove from the dwelling house in able by per- respect whereof such charge shall have been imposed, the afieffi-fonsremov- ment made by virtue of this act, so far as relates to the amount from notice ^e ^uties payable in respect of such dwelling house, shall being given to cease and determine from the day on which notice shall be given the collectors, of such removal to the collectors or assefiors, or any two or and the fuc- more of them, of the parish or place where such dwelling house pfers\o beCU is situate, and the succeeding occupier shall become chargeable chargeable to the said additional rate or duty, in respect of such dwelling

from the day house, from the day he or she shall become the occupier thereof, of their be- ancj the commissioners for executing this act, shall cause an

also'forsny33

1797.] Anno ° regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16. 545

assessment to be made on such succeeding occupier, on the other duties amount of the duties payable in respect of such dwelling house, and also on the amount of such other of the said duties now perf0*ns re payable, to which such occupier was or shall be liable to be movirl<y liable* assessed: provided always, That the person so removing shall be to additional liable to be again charged to the said additional rate or duty, in duty for any respect of any other dwelling house which he or she may occupy other house at any time after Rich removal; and also on the amount of such CUpy*d also other of the said duties now payable, to which such person was for any other assessed previous to such removal, and such charge, in respect of duty to which such other dwelling house, shall commence from the time such asse^ed Pre-person shall become the occupier of such other dwelling house, moval.°^and shall be paid on the instalment next ensuing. Persons

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any person charged by charged to the said Iaftrmentioned duties on houses, windows, or the lall assefT-lights, or on inhabited houses, by the last assessment as aforesaid,

Hi all have removed from the dwelling house in respect whereof houses and such person shall be a (felied, such person shall not be charged to windows, the said additional rate or duty on the amount of the said duties who shall have payable in respect of such dwelling house, but the present occu- removed, not pier (if any) of such dwelling house shall be chargeable there- additional 6 with, although such occupier shall not have been charged to the duty, but the said duties now payable by such last act'eftrnent. present occu-

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall P*er-

remove from any dwelling house into any newly erected mef- Persons re-luage, which shall not before have been inhabited, such person ^whmifes0 shall not be liable, during the continuance of the rates and duties not to be af-imposed by this a<£f, to be assessed to the said additional rate or feffedtothe duty, at more than the amount of the said rate or duty, which additional by virtue of this acct was or ought to be charged in respect of the than ought to dwelling house from which such person so removed. be charged on

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the houses nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to charge from which with the said additional rate or duty, any person in respect 0fl eyremove any additional clock, watch, or timekeeper, kept, used, or worn tend^adrh* after the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and tional clocks ninety-eight, or in respect of any clock, watch, or timekeeper, or watches where such person shall not have been or shall not be charged to u^ed after the duties now payable on clocks, watches, and timekeepers, or to^an^not within the year ending on the fifth day of January one thousand charged with seven hundred and ninety-eight, in respect of a clock, watch, or duty within timekeeper, kept, used, or worn, previous to the fifth day of year end-January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; any thing 1I)Stliat day. herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any ^!^ntSoa^e person shall be assessed to the duties on carriages in respecti: of any duties on car-additional carriage kept after the pasting of this act, and which riagesfor any shall not have been used before the pasting of this act, by any additional person whatever, or if any person not charged to the duties on

carriages within the year ending the fifth day of April one thou- thisVa and sand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall be assessed in respect not before

004 of used, or per-

540

fons not afft (Ted within the year end ing April 5, 1798, but charged for

passing this act, liable only to once the amount of the duty now payable See.

Additional duty not to extend to taxed carts described in 35 Geo. 3. c.X09;

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16. [1797.

of any carriage which hath been kept and used for the first time after the pasting of this act, then and in every such case the person so keeping or using such carriage shall not be liable to be assessed to the said additional rase or duty in respect thereof, in any sum greater than once the amount of the said duties now for*t ht^ 1'^ Pa?able on such carriages; and that the assessment to be made time after 011 once r^e amount shall commence from the fifth day of April next after such carriage shall begin to be used; and the ailed-ments so to be made on once the amount of the duties now payable in respect of such carriages, shall be made on such amount separately, and not on the aggregate amount of the duties alleged upon fqch person; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the additional rates or duties hereby imposed shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to carriages with lefts than four wheels, particularly mentioned and described by the name of taxed carts, in an a<£I, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing so much of an act of parliament, passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty several addU tional rates and duties upon horses, and carriages with four wheels; and for explaining and amending an act passed in the twenty fifth year of his present Majejl)\ as for as relates to certain carriages with two or three zuheels, therein mentionedft as relates to the additional duties upon carriages with four wheels\ used as fiage coaches; and for reducing the duties upon carriages with less than four wheels, mostly used in the affairs of husbandry, or for the purposes of trade.

XXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no-

riages kept by thing herein contained shall be construed to extend to charge cenftrd to"let the ^aic^ act^tional rate or 'duty on the amount of the duties out horses for ^ow payable on carriages, in respect of any carriage kept by hire, pursuant any person duly licensed to let out horses for hire, in pursuance to 25 Geo. 3. of an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his pre-c- 51> sent Majesty, and used for the purposes in the said act mentioned,

such persons duly observing the regulations of the said act with nor to waiters; respect to such carriages; nor to charge the said additional rate or duty on the amount of the duties now payable on servants, in pursuance of two acis, passed in the twenty-fifth and thirty-, seventh years of the reign of his present Majesty, in respect of any waiter kept in any tavern, coffee house, inn, alehouse, or in any other home licensed to fell wine, ale, or other liquors by por to car- retail; nor to charge the said additional rate or duty on the coSmakers^ amount of the duties now payable on carriages as aforesaid, in or^thTrVfor respect of any carriage kept by any coachmaker or other person, beiriK let out for the purpose of being lent or let out to hire, to hire;

XXXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no,

nor to publick thing herein contained shall be construed to extend to charge the Rage coaches fai<j additional rate or duty on the amount of the duties payable conveying* on carriages> in respect of any carriages, by whatever name or paRcngers for names the same shall be calied, kept by any person duly licensed (lire j fp£

nor to car-

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16. ^4

for that purpose, to be employed as publick stage coaches or carriages, for the purpose of conveying passengers for hire to and from different places in Great Britain,

XXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no- nor to afkfl-

thing herein contained shall be construed to extend to charge n'^c

any additional rate or duty on the amount of any assessment or assessments made or to be made by virtue of an act passed in the 23, thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for enabling his Majesty to raise a provifwnal force of

cavalry to be embodied, in case of necesstty, for the defence of these kingdoms, or by virtue of another act passed in the same session of parliament, intituled An act to explain and amend an act, made in this present session of parliament, inf i tided, c An act for enabling his Majesty to raise a provisional-force of cavalry, to be embodied, in case of necessv)\ for the defence of these kingdomsd

XXXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any Persons pay-person keeping hounds, and paying a composition for the same in

lieu of the duty imposed by an act passed in the thirty-sixth hounds* to year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An a Si for be aiVelfecl granting to his Majesty certain duties on dogs^shall not beafleffed to according the additional rate or duty by this act imposed, in respect of such t-bereto, hounds, in any greater sum than in the proportion of the rates hereby imposed, estimated on the amount of the sum paid for such composition.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the additional rate The addi-or duty hereby granted on the amount of the duties now pay.

_ tioml duties on houses and

windows, to

able cn houses, windows, or lights, or on inhabited houses, shall be charged only upon the occupiers for the time being, of the be charged houses or tenements in respect whereof the said duties now pay- upon the able are charged, and not on the landlord or landlords who let occupiers, or demise the same (except in the cases herein after mentioned), any covenant or agreement made or entered into previous to the pading of this act, relative to the payment of any duties or assessments to be imposed upon such houses or tenements, or upon such occupiers in respect thereof, or to be imposed on the amount of the said duties now payable, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Where the where the landlord of any house or tenement is or shall be, in landlord is respect thereof, charged to the said duties now payable, then the^afd duties and in such case the amount of such charge shall be added to any Ilow payable, " assessment of the said duties now payable, which shall have been the amount to made upon the occupier of such house or tenement before the be added to additional rate or duty hereby imposed shall be computed on such assessments, and such computation shall be made on the aggre- the occupier gate of the sums contained in such assessment after such addition before com-is made, as if the occupier had been charged with the sum so puting thead-added; or where no assessment of the said duties now payable is o^where^no* made on such occupier, then the amount of the said duties now assessment of payable and charged upon such landlord, shall form the bafts of the said duties the assessment* of the said additional rate or duty to be made is m*de on

upon occup'fr'^the amount

54-3 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16. [1797.

charged upon upon j such occupier, which shall be calculated upon the amount stall form the t^ereo^ as^t^lc occupier bad been charged therewith, subject balls of the nevertheless to the exemption herein-before declared, or to such additional abatement thereof as the occupier of such house or tenement would assessment on have been entitled unto, if he or she had been charged to the said the occupier, duties now payable in respectc of such house or tenement.

The land-

XXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That lords'oHodg- where any house shall be divided into different stories, tene-be^deemed ° ments? or lodgings, and shall be inhabited by two or more per-the occupiers, fons or families, the immediate landlord or owner of such house shall be deemed and taken to be the occupier thereof, and shall be charged with and liable to pay the additional r2te or duty hereby imposed.

Howland-

XL. And be it further enacted, for the mutual accommoda-in'dmonVanat ^orl landlords anc^ tenants, That if any landlord, at the the desire^of ^ebre of his tenant, shall advance monies for the purpose of tenants, or discharging the duties imposed upon such tenant by this act, tenants at the such landlord Avail be entitled to recover such monies, with law-lordT to^dT*"*ntere^ at tae times and by the instalments agreed upon be-chavge the1 "ween them, by all and every the remedies and remedy to duties, may which he is imitled for the recovery of his rent; and if any recover the tenant shall, at the deiire of his landlord, for the like purpose,

*ame* advance to his landlord any monies, it shall be lawful for such

tenant to deducf the same, with lawful interest, out of his rent, at such times and by such instalments as shall be agreed upon between them, in the same manner as he is by law entitled to deduct payments by him made in respect of the land tax.

Parents or^XLI. And be it further enacted, That where any person or bl^fcuftnfan^ Perl°ns chargeable with any rate or duty hereby imposed, shall be, under the age of twenty-one years, in every such case the parents or guardians and tutors of such infants respectively, upon default of payment by such infants, shall be and are hereby made liable to and charged with the payments which such infants ought to have made j and if such parents, guardians, or tutors shall neglect or refuse to pay as aforesaid, it shall be lawful to proceed against: them in like manner as against any other person or persons making default of payment of the additional rate or duty charged upon him, her, or them respectively -y and all parents, guardians, and tutors, making payment as aforesaid, shall be allowed all and every the sums paid for such infants upon his or their accounts.

Heirs, &c. of

XLII. And be it further enacted, That where persons charged habk^'or^ar^ to an7 additional rate or duty imposed by this act, shall die rears of duty, within the term* herein mentioned, their respective heirs, execu-&c* tors, and administrators shall be liable to the payment of all

arrears of the said rate or duty at the time of the deaths respectively of their ancestors, telfators, or intestates respectively, out of the estate or effefls which shall Come into their hands, and also to the payment of such further sums as would have become payable, by virtue of this act, from such ancestors, testa-tors, or intestates respectively, at any time within or at the

(taxes, to put ' this act in execution.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16. 549

end of the year in which such deaths respectively happened, and 110 longer.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the commissioners Commission-authorised or appointed, or who shall hereafter be authorised or ers and lur" appointed, to put in execution the acts relative to any of the appoSte^to present duties placed under the.management of the comm if- put in executioners for the affairs of taxes, shall be commissioners for exe- tion the acts cuting this present act, and the powers herein contained, with the

relation to the duties hereby granted as before-mentioned, in all under the* and every the counties, ridings, divisions, shires, stewartries, management cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places respectively, of the com-within the kingdom of Great Britain; and the several surveyors, ^idioners for inspectors, affdfors, and collectors respectively, appointed or to J be appointed to put in execution the said acts, relative to the said present duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, or any of them, shall be surveyors, inspectors, assessors, and collectors to put in execution this present act, with relation to the duties hereby granted as before-mentioned, according to the powers given to them respectively by the said acts, or any of them, and not hereby altered, and according to the powers given to them by this act; and the said of, and other the persons aforesaid, being respectively duly qualified to ad in the execution of any of the said acts, shall, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all things necessary for putting this act in execution, with relation to the respective rates or duties hereby granted as before-mentioned, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they or any of them are or is authorised to put in execution the said acts. relative to the said present duties under the management of the said of for the affairs of taxes, or any matters or things therein respectively contained.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That within the hills of Within the mortality, the parishes of Saint Mary-le bone and Saint Pancras, °fami°the

in the county of Middlesex, the appointment of collectors of the pqrishes of St. said additional rates and duties shall belong wholly to such of the Mary-le-bone of for executing this act, who shall reside in the ar, d Pancras, parishes for which such collectors respectively are to be appointed, in case there shall be two or more of there resident, ]e&or8 to and no other of shall in such case interfere; and it belong to the shall be lawful for the said of for executing this act, resident com-and residing within the respective parishes as aforesaid, to appoint ^h°ners> such persons to be collectors, who shall have given security, to c the satisfaction of the churchwardens and overseers or guardians of the poor, or any two or more of them, or any seven or more of the vestry, where a feled vestry shall be appointed as aforesaid, and who shall be thought by the said of to be of ability to execute the office of collector; and that in default of appointing such persons who shall have given such security, then the said of, residing as aforesaid shall name such persons as they shall think of ability to execute the said office: provided always, That where two or more of shall not

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii I'll. c.

16. [1797.

in any parish, for which collectors are to be

Duties to be ascertained, &c. as the duties now under the management of the commissioners for taxes.

not be resident

appointed, then a commissioner or of residing in any adjacent parish may concur in the appointment of such collectors.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid respective rates or duties by this act granted, shall and may be ascertained, managed, collected, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, under' such penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, and according to such rules, methods, directions, and provisions, by which the rates and duties now placed under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, or any of them, are or is, or may be ascertained, managed, collected, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, except as far as any of the said rules, methods, directions, and provisions are expressly varied by this act and all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, contained in any act or acts relative to the said rates and duties, or any of them, now in force, or to be passed in the present session of parliament, for the surcharging, mitigating, recovering, paying, and accounting for the rates and duties by any former acts granted, as far as the same are applicable to the aforesaid respective rates or duties granted by this act, and not expressly varied or otherwise provided for hereby, shall severally and respectively be in full force, and duly observed, practned, and put in execution throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for surcharging, mitigating, recovering, paying, and accounting for the aforesaid respective rates or duties granted by this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the lame powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and reenacted in the body of this at.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the said of shall, in their respective counties, ridings, divisions, shires, stewartries, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places, for which they are or shall be appointed of respectively, meet for the hrft time on or before the first day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and proceed in the execution of this at, in the manner herein direted; and where no particular diretions are hereby given, then in such and the same manner as is prescribed by any at or ats with respet to the rates and duties before-mentioned, under the management of the said of for the affairs of taxes.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen that no such meeting shall be held in any district within the time before limited, then it shall be lawful for the commissioners for executing this at, or any two or more of them, in all and executing this every the respective districts respectively wherein such meeting

at may meet {haq not be held, to meet and execute the said powers at any

3.HV other ( t'1 «r

time or the ot^er tifne or times, or for the said of who shall be

of present at any meeting' to be held in any distrit for carrying

at any meet, into execution any former act or acts, relative to any of the

ing for carry- duties

First meeting of of to be on or before Feb. 1, 1798.

Where no such meeting shall be held, two of for

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16. 551

duties herein-mentioned, to execute the powers granted by this ing into

atft; and they are hereby required to proceed in the execution

this act at the first meeting to be held in pursuance of this act, miy execute

or of such former act or a6f$; and all such meetings, and all this act.

acts done by the said of at such meetings, shall be as

valid, to all intents and purposes, as if the same meetings had

been particularly appointed in pursuance of the directions of

this act.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conve- Commission-niently maybe after the passing of this act, the of ^ocaul^she for the affairs of taxes shall cause to be prepared true schedules of tQ the persons respectively who are assessed to the duties now pay- prepared of able in two or more parishes or places in any part of Great the persons Britain, whether such parishes or places shall be situate within the division of the same of for executing this act, or p?yabje in within different divisions, together with the amount of the re- two or more specftive assessraents; which said schedules shall be transmitted to parishes, with the respective commissioners for executing this act within the a^mount, respective divisions where any of such Assessments have been fitted to the made; and that the several and respective of for exe- of curing this act shall, within their respective divisions, at their of the respectfirst meeting to be holden as aforesaid, cause their respective ^o^attheV clerks, or such other persons as they respectively shall employ fir^meeting* for that purpose, forthwith, or as soon after as conveniently may foal! cause the be, not later than seven days after such meeting-, justly and with- amount of the out fraud, to compute and ascertain the amount of the rate orddirion<d duty by this act imposed upon, or in respe6i of every such a^e^-.compu^ed^ ment upon any persons within their respective divisions, accord- and schedules ing to the respective rates before-mentioned, and according to thereof made the provisions of this act, and to make out schedules thereof for out> each parish or place, containing the amount of the sums charged by virtue of this act upon each person within such parishes and places respectively, and also the amount of the sums, (if any), with which the said persons are respectively charged to the said duties now payable in any other parish or place in Great Britain, together with the names of the several persons chargeable therewith, and the amount of the said former rates and duties whereon such additional rates or duties, by this act imposed, shall be computed and ascertained, and shall cause certificates and duplicates thereof to be made out, which certificates and duplicates thereof respectively shall be signed by two or more of such of; and the said original certificates, being first numbered and registered, shall be delivered to the respective clerks to the said of, and by them carefully kept, and the said duplicates thereof shall forthwith be transmitted to such persons, in such and the like manner as is directed by anyadt or acts now in force relative to the said former duties, with refjpedt to the duplicates of assessments therein mentioned.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That a copy of the certi- Copies of cer-ficates to be made out as aforesaid, shall forthwith, after the ti ft cates of same shall be signed as aforesaid, be transmitted to the respective to

collectors the collectors,

552

who shall cause notice

charged.

Surveyors may attend meetings of of, and inspect assessments, which may be amended.

The additional duty

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16. [1797.

collectors appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid in each parish to be ivtn toor-^ace Wlt^m t^e re^Pe^ve divisions of the said commission-the persons °ersi which said collectors shall cause notice thereof in writing to be given to each person so charged, or left at his or her place of abode in such parishes or places respectively.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any surveyor or inspector of the said duties now payable, to attend any meeting or meetings of the respective of for executing this act, and to inspect and examine any assessment to be made under the authority of this act, and all such act'efTments shall, at the request of any such surveyor or inspector, be produced for his or their examination; and in case he or they shall find any error in the same assessments or any of them, at any time before the said of shall have signed and allowed the same respectively, which in (he judgement of the said commissioners shall require amendment, it shall be lawful for the said of to amend the same accordingly; and in case any error shall be discovered in any assessment, after the same shall be allowed, it shall be lawful for the surveyor or inspector, and he or they is and are hereby required to certify the same to the said respective of, who shall have power to cause the same to be amended, if in their judgement they deem any amendment requisite.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any person is or shall be assessed to the duties now payable in two or more parishes or affeflbd°to the P^aces> ^ie additional rate or duty hereby granted shall be charged duties now Upon such person according to the aggregate amounts as aforesaid payable in of the respective duties to which such person is or shall be assessed two places, to in such parishes or places j and it shall be lawful for the said re-accordm^toPective of, and they are hereby required, to cause the aggregate an assessment to be made of the said additional rate or duty hereby imposed upon any person so assessed in two parishes 6r places, upon the amount of the said duties contained in each assessment belonging to the division where such of respectively shall act, but nevertheless in proportion to and at the rate before specified for the aggregate amount of the said duties to which such person is assessed in all the said several assessments made in the same, or in different divisions as aforesaid.

LII. And be it further enacted, That where two or more persons shall be jointly assessed to the duties now payable on ^son^'omtl0 houses, windows, or lights, or on inhabited houses, in respect of assessed to the the same dwelling house, and the said persons, or any or either duties on of them, shall be severally assessed to the said duties now payable

houses and in respect of any other dwelling house, or shall be severally af-

leffed to any other of the said duties now payable, it shall be lawful for the commissioners for executing this act, and they are hereby required to make an assessment of the said additional rate or duty, on the amount of the duties contained in such joints assessment, upon such one of the said persons so jointly charged, who shall be also severally charged to the said duties now payable to a greater amount than any other of the said persons so jointly

charged,

amount, but in proportion to each assessment

Mode of afftfling addi

windows for the same house, and severally assessed for any other house, or any other of the duties now payable.

553

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16.

charged, unless a certificate, apportioning the Tams to which each such person shall be charged, shall be delivered to the said of within such time as herein after is allowed.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That where two or more Persons afieff-persons shall be assessed to the duties now payable on houses, ec* as-!°*nt windows, or lights, or on inhabited houses, in respect of the asCpmners % r same dwelling house, either as joint occupiers thereof, or as in if one or more partnership together; or in case one or more of such joint occu- shall be assess-piers or partners shall be so a fie fled, exclusive of the other occu- toothersC piers of such dwelling house, or exclusive of the other partners as tjien, propor. aforesaid, it shall be lawful for them, or any of them, at any time tions of the before the assessment to be made by virtue of this shall be duty may be signed and allowed, to certify the same to the commissioners ^or ^cmnrrdf executing this act, by writing under their or his hands, and to ^onerSf wh(^ slate in such certificate the just proportions of the said duties now shall cause the payable, to which each of such occupiers or partners is liable to additional contribute by virtue of any covenant or agreement subsisting be- to between them, or by virtue of such occupation or partnership; and r^gl^." the said of shall cause the additional rate or duty

hereby imposed to be charged on each of such occupiers or partners, according to the proportions so certified, and in like manner as if the proportion of each occupier or partner in such dwelling house was payable in respect of a distinct and separate dwelling house 5 and in case no such certificate shall be delivered to the if no such said of before an assessment shall be made on the certificate be amount of the said duties payable in respect of such dwelling house as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such joint occupiers or ment be partners as aforesaid, if they or any of them shall think themselves made, the or himself aggrieved by the said assessment, to appeal to the said Pities may of; provided that at the time of such appeal, a like commission^certificate as aforesaid shall be delivered to the said commission- €rs^ who may ers, Slating the just proportions of the said duties now payable, amend the with which each of such occupiers or partners ought to be assessment. charged; and the said of are hereby required to hear and determine such appeal; and if the matter contained in such appeal shall be proved to the satisfaction of the said of, they shall cause the said assessment to be amended, and the respective occupiers and partners aforesaid to be severally assessed according to the just proportions so to be ascertained, and on the amount of the said duties now payable, with which they severally ought to be charged in respect of such dwelling house, and of such other of the said duties now payable, to which such occupier or partner shall be assessed.^Persons ag-

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons grieved by any shall think him or Herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any such assessment, assessment, by reason that the additional rate or duty hereby im-(excePton poled hath been mi fc a feu la ted in the amount thereof, or that the fncome\°mar same, or any part thereof, hath been taken at a different rate appeal to the than this act directs, or for any other cause, except on account of commission-his or her income, as herein after is directed, it shall be lawful who may for him, her, or them respectively to appeal to the said comm if- afielf-

sioners meats.

554 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii I. IT. c. 16.

[1797*.

sioners against any such assessment; and the said of for executing this act, or any two or more of them, shall and they are hereby required to hear and determine all such appeals within their respective divisions; and if it shall appear, to the satisfaction of such of, that the additional rate or duty hereby imposed, is miscalculated in the assessment or assessments made on such person or persons respectively, or taken at a different rate than this act directs, or that for any other cause (except as aforesaid) any such assessment is erroneous, then the said of are hereby authorised and empowered to compute and ascertain the lum justly to be charged upon such assessment or assessments, if any sum be chargeable thereon, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, and to amend the same whenever they shall see just cause so to do; and to vacate any assessment made on any person entitled to be exempted therefrom by this act, for any cause (except on account of income as aforesaid); and the determination of the said of thereupon shall be final: provided always, That the said of, or any of them, shall not, upon the hearing of any appeal against any such assessment, make any alteration alVelTments of whatever in the assessments of the said former rates or duties former duties, whereon the duty by this act imposed hath been ascertained.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such appeals against any assessment as aforesaid shall be entered with the clerk to the respective of for executing this act, within ten days after notice of such assessment shall be given to, or left with the party intended to be charged thereby, in the manner before directed, and the same shall be heard and determined within ten days after such appeal shall be so entered, for* which purpose a day or days of appeal shall be appointed, within the time before mentioned by the said respective of, unless the day of appeal from assessments of the duties now payable on houses, windows, or lights, or on inhabited houses, shall

Commissioners not to make any alteration in

Appeals to be entered with the clerk to the commissioners, and heard within a limited time.

Commissioners may nominate affilf-ant commissioners for hearing appeals respecting income out of residents assessed to the duties now payable not under 61. making out lifts of the persons.

intervene; on which days respectively the said of are hereby required to hear and determine all such appeals.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the commissioners for executing this act, in their respective divisions, shall, if they deem it expedient for the better execution of this act, nominate assistant of to receive, hear, and determine the appeals of persons entitled, on account of income, to be exempted from the payment of the said additional rates or duties, or to any abatement thereof, according to the provisions of this act; for which purpose the said of for executing this act, present at their first meeting to be holden as aforesaid, or at some other meeting to be holden as soon as conveniently may be, not later than seven days from such meeting, or the major part of the of then present, may, out of the persons assessed to the duties now payable, and resident in the respective parishes and places in which such persons respectively are assessed to the said duties now payable at a sum not less than six pounds, make out a list of the persons so assessed in each such parish and place,

begin-

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16. 555

beginning with the person assessed to the greatest amount in such assessment, and so downwards, according to the amount of each person's asseflfment} which lift shall contain the names of so many of those persons as the said of shall, in their discretion, after taking into consideration the size of each parish and place, and the number of persons assessed therein respectively, require to act as assistant of for each such parish or place, according to the provisions of this -act; which lift, being'respectively signed by two or more of the said of, they shall cause to be delivered to the respective assessors and collectors of the respective parishes and places within their re spe drive' divisions, with a notice subscribed to each lifl, of the day to be appointed by the said of for executing this a cl, as herein after is mentioned, which day shall not be later than ten days after such lifts shall be signed; and the said respective aftef- Assessors to fors and collectors shall, without delay, cause the respective per- fj^p^fbnV0 fons named in such lifts tocbe summoned by notice in writing, named in lifts, either given personally, or left at their respective places of abode, to assemble to' to assemble themselves at the time mentioned in such notice, for qualify* the purpose of qualifying themselves to act in the execution of this act, and at such place, within their respective parishes or places, as meetings for parochial purposes are usually holden, or at such other place as the commissioners for executing this act shall think fit to appoint: provided always, That if the commis- Commission^ sioners for executing this act shall fee any just cause why any chide person or persons in the order before prescribed, as to the amount persons frofn of their respective assessments, is or are not of fitness and ability lifts, to execute the office of assistant commissioner, it shall be lawful for them to exclude any such person or persons from such lift, and to insert in such lift the names of other persons in such parish or place, next in order as to the amount of their respective assess- 1 ments as aforesaid.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where

three or more fit and able persons as aforesaid, assessed in any persons for

parish or place to the duties now payable, cannot be found to assistant com-

accept the office of afliflant commissioner, it shall be lawful for mitfioners

the of for executing this act to unite such parish or cannot be, r'a \ -a found, it may

place to tome adjacent or contiguous parish or place, parishes or he united with

places, and to nominate assistant of for the parishes or fomecontigu-

places so united, out of the persons assessed therein respectively to oils place.

the duties now payable, as if the same had constituted one parish

or place only.

LVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the commissioners for executing this act, whenever a/^stants into' the number of persons assessed in any parish or place shall, in committees, their judgement, require that assistant of should act at different places at the same time, to divide the persons qualifying themselves so to act for any parish or place into distinct committees, and to allot to each committee distinct divisions within each such parish or place, in such manner as they in their discretion shall think most convenient.

Vol. XLL P ? X.1X, Pro-

556

Not more

as a com miiitee.

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16.

[1797J

LIX. Provided also, and be it farther enacted, That it shall personTto act not for rnore than seven persons to ad together for any

parish or place having one committee only, nor any greater number to ad together in the same committee in any parish or place having more than one committee; and that where more than seven persons qualified to ad shall attend at any meeting of such committee, seven persons amongst them shall be chosen indifferently by lot, and the rest shall be excluded from acting at such meeting.

LX. And be it further enacted, That every person, before he shall act as an assistant commissioner in the execution of this act, shall, and he is hereby required to take the following oath; (that is to say).

Ashftantcom-miinoriers to take the following

oath:

which any two may a drain ifter.

Penalty for acting without taking it.

AfiiCUnt commissioners appealing, to have no voice.

Commissioners may ad as mlh'hsnt com-111 iilio tiers.

/f. Zh do swear, That I will faithfully execute the office of an assistant commissioner, according to an act, past'ed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled An [here Jet forth the title of the act\ to the best of my knowledge and judgement.

So help me GOD.'

Which oath any two or more of the persons nominated assistant of as aforesaid, is and are hereby empowered to administer; and if any person shall act as an assistant commissioner in the execution of this act, before he shall have taken the oath before-mentioned, except in administering the Laid oath, he shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That in case of any appeal by any person or persons who shall be qualified to act as an assistant commissioner for the parish or place where such appeal shall be made, the assistant commissioner concerned therein shall have no voice, but the same shall be determined by the rest of the of, or the major part of them then present, in like manner as if the person appealing had not so qualified himself.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where the said of for executing this act shall not deem it expedient to nominate any assistant of for the purposes of this act, in their respective divisions, or in any parish or place within the same, it shall be lawful for the said of for executing this act, and they are hereby respectively required to execute this act in all things appertaining to assistant of, and for that purpose to meet at such places, within their respective divisions, as they shall think proper and shall appoint, and at such times respectively as they shall find convenient, so that this act shall in all respects be duly executed within the times and in the manner herein prescribed, and according to the true 'intent and meaning hereof; and all and every the respective powers hereby directed to be executed by assistant of shall, in each and every of the cases herein-before mentioned, be vested in the commissioners for executing this act

in

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. i6. 557

in their respective divisions, as fully and effectually as if the said respective powers had been specially vested in the said Jaft mentioned of.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective com- Commission-missioners for executing this act shall in their respective divisions [he fhTr^meet-appoint the day and time of holding the first meeting of the of the of-

assistant of for each parish or place, and which shall fistants, and be on some convenient day within the time before limited, and direct the shall direct the respective assessors and collectors to give publick publick notice thereof by affixing the same on the church or chapel door Notice of each pari Ha or place, or where there shall be no such church thereof, or chapel, then to give such publick notice thereof as hath been usual in cases requiring publick notice within such parish or place; which assessors and collectors respectively are hereby required to give such notice accordingly, and to inlert therein the place of holding the fir (I meeting of the said assistant of, and which shall be the usual place of holding parochial meetings in, such parish or place; and that the respective assistant At first m.eet-commissioners, who have assembled at the usual place for holding ^feti^to be parochial meetings, and duly qualified themselves, to a, & for such app0intech parishes and placed respectively, or any three or more, of them respectively, or the commissioners for executing this act, or any two or more of them, where no assistant.of are named, shall, and, they are hereby empowered to fix a convenient place for holding their future meetings within-their respeiffive-parishes and places, or dillri&Si'of which they shall cause the like publick notice to be given, and shall insert in such notice the time appointed as aforesaid far their-second meeting, which shall not be later than ten days after the copies of the certificates shall have been transmitted to the respective collectors as herein-before

all persons intending to

At second

mentioned; at which second meeting appeal on the groun upon them, in order to obtain an exemption or any abatement giV^iToFin -of the amount thereof, shall give notice of such imention to the tention to ap- said respective of; and the said respective commis-Peab ar)d the sioners present at, such second meeting shall then there openly [o^eclareToS declare to the respective persons intending so to appeal, in what t-ae appellants manner, and under what directions and rules, they ought and how they are should make their declarations of the amount of income in respect to proceed, whereof they shall be entitled to any such exemption or abatement as herein mentioned, and how they ought to proceed in making the same; and such meeting so to be held shall be continued with Meeting to be or without adjournment from day to day (Sundays excepted), until u'

all the appeals so to be entered shall be heard and determined. hearth"^LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall, on person8 m'account of his or her income, claim to be exempted from the appeal re-additional rate or duty which shall be assessed by virtue of this specting in-act, or to be entitled to any abatement thereof, in, the proportions come' Pru-herein-before Hated, it shall be lawful for him or her to appeal to the assistant of to be appointed for each parish or iv.rior, att&led place as aforesaid, or to the commissioners for executing this

p p 2

ct, by two wit-as utffcs, in the

55«

form in the

annexed

schedule.

heard in the order they are delivered.

Afilstant of to give certificates of claims allowed to the of, who shall amend assess'-ments.

No claim to be allowed

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16. [1797.

as the case shall require; and the said assistant of, or any three or more of them, not exceeding the number of seven* as aforesaid, or the said of for executing this act, or any two or more of them, shall and they are hereby required to hear and determine any such appeal* provided that at the time of hearing the same appeal a declaration in writing (hah be produced* signed by the appellant, and attested by tvVo or more credible witnesses, who shall have seen such appellant sigh the same; which declaration shall be in the form in the schedule hereunto Appeals to be annexed; and all such appeals shall be heard and determined in the order in which such declarations shall be delivered; and in case any claim shall be allowed by the assistant of, the said assistant of shall make out their certificates to the refective of for executing this a6V, {fating therein the limit of the annual income of every such appellant, as declared by him or her, and the said of for executing this act shall in such case cause the assessment to be amended as the case shall require; and in all appeals heard before the commissioners for executing this act, in case any claim shall be allowed, they shall also cause the assessment to be amended iri like manner: provided always, That the said respective of, or any of them, shall not upon any account allow any ianleirverified exemption, or make abatement in the charge made upon any on oath. person by any such assessment as aforesaid, but the same shall stand good, unless the appellant shall verify the contents of every such declaration upon oath, or, being one of the people called Quaker sy on solemn affirmation, which oath or affirmation any three or more of the said assistant of, or any two or more of the said of for executing this act, are hereby respectively authorised and required to administer.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any attending may such person shall be prevented from attending in person to make appeal by their his or her appeal from any assessment in the manner before directed, it shall be lawful for such person to appeal by his or her attorney or agent, and to transmit his or her declaration, signed by such appellant, and attested in the manner and in the form herein directed, to the respective of before whom such appeal shall be depending, which declaration so to be transmitted, being verified on the oath, or (being one of the people called Quakers) on the solemn affirmation of the appellant, shall be as effectual as if such appellant had appeared in person, and which oath or solemn affirmation any two justices of the peace of any county, riding, {hire, stewartry, or place, or any two of for executing this act, of the division where such appeal shall be depending, are hereby empowered to administer, and are also hereby required to certify the same, at the foot of such declaration, by writing under their respective hands.

LXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any such person shall be prevented by infancy, sickness, or other incapacity, or by absence out of the kingdom, from making any

Per ion? prevented from

atvormes.

Guardians, &c. may make the declaration for infants, ho./ies corporate, &c

such declaration, or from verifying the same as aforesai

or if any

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. i6. 559

any body corporate or politick shall be charged to any of the having- first said additional rates or duties, it shall be lawful for the guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, of the steward or agent of such the a^excd-persons respectively, or body corporate or politick, to appeal on schedule. the behalf of such incapacitated person, or of such body corporate or politick, and to make such declaration as is required in such case by this act, such guardian, tutor, curator, committee, steward, or agent, having first made the affidavit let forth in the schedule hereunto annexed before two justices of the peace, or two of for executing this act (in which case the justices or of shall certify the same at the foot of such declaration as aforesaid) or before the of before whom the said appeal shall be depending, and which affidavit the said justices or of respectively as aforesaid are hereby empowered to take, and they respectively shall cause the same to be signed by the party making the affidavit, and annexed to the declaration respecting which such affidavit shall be made; and every such appeal shall be as effectual as if such appellant had appeared in person.

LXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Appeals of person shall be prevented by any sufficient cause, from appealing venteTto^p^ within the time limited by this act, it shall be lawful for the p]y within the commissioners for executing this act, or the assistant commission- time limited, ers of the proper division, parish, or place, and on proof to the maybereceiv-satisfaction of the said of respectively of the cause of timTto'be* such omission, to receive the appeal of any person so circum- allowed by the staneed, within a reasonable time to be allowed by the said re- commilfipu-spective of, after such person shall have had notice of ers> the assessment or assessments made by virtue of this act, and the disability arising from any such cause as aforesaid shall have been removed, and the respective of may proceed in such appeal by and under the like rules and directions as are hereby prescribed in other cases of appeal; and that any abatement of the said additional rate or duty assesseeJ on such appellant, which may be made on such appeal, shall commence from and after the time appointed for payment of the instalment of the said addition nal rates or duties next before the time of making such appeal.

LXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That, ^rom April 5, from and after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred of and ninety-nine, it shall be lawful for the respective commission- may receive ers aforesaid to receive the appeal of any person, on account of any appeals irkome, against an assessment made by virtue of this act, (whether respecting in* such assessment shall have been made in that year, or in any pre- between1 the ceding year, and whether such person shall have appealed from sth and 2.0th the same or not, or the income of the person affieffed shall have of April in been dimini(bed since the making the assessment or not), so that an7 year° such appeal shall be made between the fifth and the twentieth days of April in any year, during the continuance of this act, and to proceed therein by and under the like rules and directions as are hereby prescribed in other cases of such appeals; and that $ny abatement of the said additional rate or duty assessed on such

v 3 appeU.

s6o

Such appeals to be entered with the commissioners or their cleric, and heard within a limit ed time.

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. x6. [1797.

appellant, which may be made on such appeal, shall be allowed according to the rules herein-before prescribfed in such cases of appeal.

LXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all such last mentioned appeals against any such assessment as aforesaid, shall be entered with the respective of, or the clerk to the respective corn miff) oners for executing this act, within fifteen days after such act'eiTment shall be signed and allowed, and the lame shall be heard and determined ten days at lead before the day appointed for paying the first instalment thereon, for which purpose the said respective of for executing this act, shall, within the time before-mentioned, appoint a day or days of appeal, unless the day of appeal from assessments of the duties now payable on houses, windows, or lights, or on inhabited houses, shall intervene, on which days respectively the said respective of for executing this act are hereby required to hear and determine all such appeals.

LXX. And, in order that the estimates of the annual income of pajbns ajfefjed may be made according to known rules, and with as much uniformity as the reffective cases zuill admit, be it further enacted, That in every case where any person shall claim to vbe exempted from the additional rate or duty hereby imposed, or to be entitled to any abatement thereof, according to the amount of his or her annual income, the said income shall be estimated, in the ->mit-xcd and the declaration hereby required shall be made in the form set schedule; but forth in the schedule hereunto annexed, and according to the ru^es an^ directions prescribed, as far as the same relpeblively cordinVto the are applicable to the income of such appellant; and in all cases knowledge where the same are not applicable, then according to the heft of and belief of his or her knowledge and belief, or of the person making such the party. declaration on his or her behalf.

Person« at the

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if, end of any at the end of any year during the term herein-mentioned, any person shall discover, and shall prove, to the satisfaction of the commissioners for executing this abhor the assistant commission-

o

ers acting for the parish-or place where such person shall be affeffied, that his or her income during such year fell ffiort of the

E Hi mates of income and declarations

to be made 'in the form

year proving that their incomes fell flu rt of the

sum* m>-n-

I'rcTiv >r ^'im ment: l0ne<J ln his or her declaration by a stated sum, it shall to receive,he lawful for the of, for executing this act, or the from the re- major part of them, on proof before them, or on the certificate ceivtTg'.-neral, 0j- qlc laid assistant of, or any three or more of them, 11 Ton die" to cau^e^assessment of such person, made under the au-nfThfiinent, on thority of this act, to be amended as the case shall require, and certificate of to certify to the receiver general of the same county or place, under their hands and teals, the amount of the sums overpaid on such assessment, and the kid receiver general shall, on receipt of such certificate, and on production of a duplicate thereof, signed by any two or more of the said of acting for the said division, pay to the person entitled to the same such fuin as it shall appear has been overpaid on such assessment out of any monies in his hands of the duties granted by this act; for which

payment

the commis-f on.i

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III.'c. 16. 561

payment the certificate of the said of shall be a sufficient authority, and the same, on proof thereof, shall be allowed in his accounts.

LXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if If the income the income of any person charged to any of the additional rates or duties by this act imposed, shall be diminished from any spe- afteVthe time cific cause arising after the time allowed for hearing appeals in for hearing any year during the term herein-mentioned, whereby the person appeals, he so charged may become entitled to any exemption from or abate- rnay appeal on tnent of the said additional rates or duties, it diall be lawful for pr^viou^no-such person, or the heirs, executors, or administrators of such tice, which person, to appeal from the assessment made by virtue of this act, shall be heard whether such person shall have made any previous appeal or not, giving notice in writing of such appeal to the adistant com- e^for pj*y-niissioners, or the commissioners for executing this add, and abl- ment of the ing for the parish or place where the adedment shall be made, next instak ten days at lead before the said commissioners respectively shall ^dtion^6 be required to hear such appeal; and the said respective com-and the missioners shall be obliged to hear and determine such appeal be- adefiment fore the time appointed for payment of the next in dal ment of may be the said additional rates and duties which shall happen after the tended, Src. expiration of the said ten days; and if such person, the heirs, executors, or administrators of such person, dial], upon such appeal, prove to the satisfaction of the said respective of that such income is diminished from any such specific cause arising as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said of for executing this act, or any two or more of them, on proof before them, or on the certificate of the said afiidant commissioners, or any three or more of them, to cause the adedment of such person, made under the authority of this act, to be amended as the case diall require; and that in every such case where such amendment shall take place, a certificate and duplicates thereof diall be made out and signed by the said commis-doners, or any two or more of them, in order that the person so charged, his heirs, executors, or administrators, may have the relief intended to be given by this act; and ail payments to be made subsequent to such amendment shall be regulated according to such amended adedment, during the then remainder of the year in which such amendment diall have been made.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in every case where Appellants on an appeal diall be made, in order to obtain a return of the said th, e ground additional rates or duties on the ground of overpayment, in the nlent^rdmii manner before directed, or in order to obtain an exemption from nation of in-" or abatement of the said additional rates or duties on the ground come, to make of any diminution ot income from any specific cause arising after declaration in the time for hearing appeals in any year as aforesaid, the appel-^annexed lant diall be obliged to make a declaration in the form set forth fohedule. in the schedule hereunto annexed, and to verify the same on oath or solemn affirmation, as in other cases of appeal authorised by this act.'Additional

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the respective ad- du»e.s/t??e,

y 1 ., paid by mftal-

p 4 dlllonal merits.

562 Anrioregm tric^fimooftavo Georgii III. c. 16. [1797.

ditional rates and duties imposed by this act, shall be payable at the times and in the proportions following; that is to say. In fix instalments, videlicet, on the fifth day of the fifth day of June, the fifth day of August, the fifth day of October, the fifth day of December, and the fifth day of February, in every year, and that the payments shall be made within ten days from the fifth day of April, the fifth day of June, the fifth day of August, the fifth day of October, the fifth day of December, and the fifth day of February, in every year, by even and equal portions; the first of the said instalments to be paid within ten clays from the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; ^rsTo^hfiie0" anc^ t^iat t^ie respective of shall issue out and de-warrants to Jver their warrants to the respective collectors for the present the collectors year, seven days at least before the first of the said payments to levy them, shall be due, for the collecting and levying so much of the rates and duties as will become payable within ten days from the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and the said of shall, after the said fifth day of April, yearly, during the term herein-mentioned, issue out and deliver to the respective collectors for the time being, their warrants for the speedy collecting and levying the said rates and duties as they shall become payable by instalments within each year, according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

Places for

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That the county, parish,

for^are^m0' or P^ace ^or any persons shall be employed to collect the

ployed to b- additional rates and duties hereby granted, shall be answerable answerablefor for their-punctually paying unto the receiver general, now, or them. for the time being, such money as they the said collectors shall be charged with under this aCh Collectors, if

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That such persons as required, to shall be nominated to be collectors of the said duties now pay-0^others'roav a^e> if required by the churchwardens, or overseers or

be appointed, guardians of the poor of any description, or any two or more of them, or the select vestry, or any seven or more of them, where a select vestry shall be authorised to act for any parish or parishes, give good and sufficienr security, equal to the amount of one in-ltalment of the whole rate to be collected in each district, for their duly paying to the receiver general such monies as shall come to their hands, 'at such times as are directed by this a Cl; which security the said churchwardens, overseers, guardians, or vestry, respectively, are hereby authorised and empowered to take; and on failure of the persons so named to be collectors as before directed giving such security, if required, the commissioners for executing this act, or any two or more of them, shall be at liberty, and are hereby authorised to appoint any other two or more sufficient persons, who can give such security as aforesaid j residing within the limits and bounds of the parishes, town-fjiips, constablewicks, and places, where they shall be charge-If no persons a^e5 to be named by such churchwardens, overseers, guardians, can be found or vestry as aforesaid, to be collectors of the said additional rates to; /ive iecu- and duties: provided always, That if no persons can be'found; ity, those within

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16. 563

within the several parishes, townships, constablewicks, or places fi r ft named bf

then the comm I f-

respectively, who are willing or able to give such security, goners to

and in such case the persons who were first named by the said collectors, of dial 1 be collectors of the said additional rates and No security duties: provided also, That no security or receipt to be given in or receipt pursuance of this act shall be charged or chargeable with any stamp duty whatsoever. duty.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the several col- Collectors to Jedtors of the said additional rates or duties hereby granted shall, pay duties to within seven days after the respective times hereby appointed for the receivers payment of the several instalments of the said additional rates or general and to duties, pay into the hands of the receivers general, or thdr ]owance^ respective deputies, all the monies then received on account of those respective instalments, and shall also from time to time pay any arrears of the said respective instalments, which he or they shall receive after the respective times hereby appointed, to the said receivers general, or their respective deputies, at such times.as the ftiid receiver general shall appoint; and that the said several collectors, paying the whole sums by them collected within the times hereby appointed, shall have and receive, for their pains in collecting and paying the money, such sums as the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, with the approbation of the commissioners of the treasury, (due regard being had to the size of the district, and the circumstances attending the same, together with the amount of the sums collected), shall think fit, not in any case exceeding three-pence in the pound, which the said collectors are hereby empowered to detain out of the last payment of their several and respective payments in respect of each instalment.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be law- Afiftantcom-ful for the affiftarit of for any parish or place, with the approbation of the commissioners for executing this act within bation of the the same division, or any two or more of them, such approba- commission-tion being testified by writing under their hands and seals, to ers> maY em* employ a fit person to be their clerk, whose duty shall be to receive and file all declarations delivered to the said assistant com- tries in books, missioners upon any appeal under this act, in order that the same may be returned to the commissioners for executing this act, and to enter the names of the appellants in a book or books to be provided for that purpose, in the order in which the appeals shall be made, and also to enter whether the appellants respectively were sworn before the said of, or prosecuted their appeals by affidavit, or by any other person in their behalf; and that the commissioners for executing this act within the lame The commis-division shall, on receipt of such books with the due entries boners tocer-therein, and the declarations of all appellants named therein,

(which declarations, and also all declarations received by the peals, and of of for executing this act, where the said commission*days the ers shall act as assistant of, shall be carefully kept by clerk has been the clerks to the said of for executing this act), emP*make out a certificate directed to the commissioners for the aN.

fairs

56 4

Commissioners for taxes to settle the allowance to the clerks to the a (fi ft ant commission-trs, which the receiver general shall

pay-

Receive' general to pay the clerk, to the commissioners for his pains what they, with the appi obation of the treasury, shall allow.

No receiver general or deputy to have any fa-Jary, but to have what the treasury may allow.

If surcharges of the duties row payable have not been inane within the time allowed, they may be made be (ore April 5> 1799-

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16. [1797.

fairs of taxes, containing the number of appeals entered in such books, and the number of days such clerk has been employed in his attendance on the assistant of; and the said of for the affairs of taxes shall, on receipt of such certificates, settle and allow what sums should be paid to such clerks for their pains in writing and transcribing the said books, and in keeping and returning the declarations of appellants, and for their attendance on the said' assistant of, not exceeding the rate at which attornies or solicitors are usually paid for the like work done by their respective clerks; which sums so settled and allowed the respective /receivers general, on the production of such certificates with such sums endorsed thereon, shall pay out of any monies in their hands of the said additional rates and duties hereby imposed.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That any receiver general, upon the receipt of the whole monies assessed within the county, riding, shire, stewartry, or place, for which he is appointed receiver, (in case he shall have received the several duplicates of each parish and place therein, and that duplicates shall be returned to the office of his Majesty's remembrancer of the exchequer, and not otherwise), shall allow and pay, according to such warrant as shall be given in that behalf by the commissioners for executing this act, or any two or more of them, such sum as the said of, with the approbation of the commissioners of the treasury, shall allow, not exceeding three halfpence in the pound, and no more, to the clerks of the commissioners for executing this a<?c, for their pains in ascertaining the said additional rates and duties, and for fair writing the assessments, duplicates, and copies herein-before directed, and all warrants, orders, and instruments relating thereto.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That no receiver general, his deputy or deputies, shall be entitled to any allowance by way of salary, for his pains in receiving, accounting for, or paying the monies collected by virtue of this act; but that the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorised to allow to such receivers general, out of the monies collected by virtue of this act, such sums as they shall appear to have expended or disbursed in the execution of this act, and for their reasonable charges in collecting the same.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any surveyor or inspector shall have neglected or refused, or shall neglect or refuse to surcharge any assessment relative to the said duties now payable, or any of them, within the time allowed by law, it shall be lawful for the surveyor or inspector of the district where such neglect or refusal shall have happened for the time being, and he is hereby required, to surcharge the same at any time before the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; which surcharge shall be certified and proceeded upon in like manner and as effectually as if the same had been made within the time allowed by the laws now in force; provided

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16. 565

vided always, That the respective of for executing Commission-this act shall have authority, and they are hereby respectively required, to appoint, from time to time, days for hearing all ap- nppe i]S peals made from such last mentioned surcharges, in such man- against them, ner, and at such times, as shall be convenient, so that the collection of the rates and duties by this act imposed may not be unnecessarily retarded: provided also, That no appeal from such No appeal to Jaft-mentioned surcharge, or from any surcharge now depending, retard the shall retard the execution of this act, so far as relates to the making an assessment thereupon by virtue of this act; but that it ill all be lawful for the respective officers before-mentioned, to charge the respective rates or duties hereby imposed on the amount contained in such assessment, and to cause the same to be levied in the mean time and until such surcharge or surcharges so appealed from, or to be appealed from, shall be determined, as if such surcharge or surcharges had not been made; and after the al- After allow-

lowance of such surcharge or surcharges, for the said respective a£ce oi ^r" o o 7^r cnH^fires the

of to cause such assessment, and also the assessment of made by virtue of this act, to be amended accordingly; and all may amend arrears become due on such amended assessment shall be levied assessments. from the time when the original assessment commenced,

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after After April the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety- 5> 1the eight, the said of for executing this act shall annually, anmnllV^o61*8 during the term herein-mentioned, cause to be delivered to the cause to he respective afleffbrs appointed to afiefs the duties now payable delivered to within their respective difirridfs, at the time of appointing the he afieflors, said assessors, or as soon after as conveniently maybe, a true certificates of copy of the certificates of assessments made under the authority assessments, of this act, in as far as the same relate to the persons liable to who shall the said rates or duties hereby imposed within the difiri&s of such aP-such affieffors respectively, and the said a fie (Tors shall cause the afieff- j^e burned ment, (except in the cases herein-afrer mentioned), to be returned with"those together with the assessments to be made of the said duties now made for the payable for that year upon the several persons named in such duties now certificates and assessments respectively: provided always, That |gj^yee-, r°l in case no assessment of the said duties now payable shall be made but if no such for that year, within the district of any afielior or assessors, upon latter assessi-any person or persons named in the copies of the certificates de^ nnent he made livered to such assessor or assessors, then such aiieffor or shall return the same, together with the cause thereof, according named in the to the befi of his or their knowledge and belief, to the said com- certificates, missioners for executing this act, at their first meeting for receiv- the assessors ing the assessments for that year, and the said of shall th^km^'^vith cause the sums contained in such certificates to be collectced and the reason, to levied by the respective collectors, in like manner as if the same the cornmif-were returned with the assessmertts for that year, unless the same fioness, who shall be vacated in the manner herein-mentioned; and in case {^s^ontain6 any person or persons named in such certificates shall be afieffed in the ccr-for any year after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hun- tificates to be dred and ninety-eight, on account of the said duties now pay- collected.

able, persons

named in cer-

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16. [1797.

able, to a greater amount than in the year in which the assess-, ment made by virtue of this act shall have been made, then the said assessment made by virtue of this act shall he increased proportionally at the rate before directed, according to the amount

year in which contained in such latter assessment: and that in every case where the assessment -

566

tificates shall be a fie fled after April 5, 1758, higher than in the

under it shall be increased proportionally, &c.

If any person shall be liable to be a fit fled to the duties now payable, after April 5, in a dif-

_.u.vu increase shall be made, a certificate and duplicates thereof

fhalfhave8*shall be returned by the said assessors, to the respective commis-been made, sioners for executing this act, in the manner before directed; the assessment and the payments to be made, in pursuance of this act, shall, after the making of any such increase, during the then remainder of the term herein-mentioned, be regulated according to the la ft increased assessment; provided that such increased assessment shall be liable to be appealed against in like manner as is hereby directed to be done with respect to the first: assessment to be made under this act.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall be liable to be assessed towards the said duties now payable, or any of them, in any year after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in any parish or diilrift wherein such person or persons shall not have been before trid where'lle c^ar£ec^ by v*rtue of this the assessors shall give or leave no-has not been r*cen writing to or for every such person liable as aforesaid, charged under within the limits for which such assessors are to act, at his or her this act the dwelling house, to prepare or produce, within fourteen days next a|ve^fim^no^nfuing the day of giving such notice, a declaration in writing, rice to ^ro- Tigned with his or her proper name; which declaration shall spe-duce a decla- cify whether such person hath or hath not been assessed in any rationfpecily- former year by virtue of this act, in any other parish of place, 5Ia^riculars an<^ a name or names of the parish or place, parishes or

and shall make P^aces^ an<^ county or counties wherein such person shall have the assessment been so assessed by virtue of this act, and also the amount of the accordingly, said assessment or assessments, together with the amount of the rtiifcate^and ^utaes now Payable contained in the lass assessment or assessments thereof; and if in any such case it shall appear that an assessment hath been made of the additional rate or duty by this aftimposed in any former year, but that the amount of the said duties now payable is liable to increase, then a proportional increase, at the rate before directed, shall take place in the assessment to be made by virtue of this act; and it shall be lawful for the afieflor or assessors to whom such declaration shall have been delivered, to make an assessment to the full amount of the sum required; and where no such assessment shall have been made by virtue of this act in any former year, then it shall be lawful for such assessor or assessors to make an assessment, by virtue of this act, on the amount of the duties now payable, contained in the assessment thereof to be made for that year, according to the respective rates hereby imposed, and every such assessor shall return a certificate of such assessment, and duplicates thereof, to the said of, at the respective times, and in the manner before-mentioned; and if any person so liable to be assessed shall neglect or

and return a cert duplicates to the of.

If any person shall not deliver such lift

refuse to make outj, sign, and

deliver such lift within the time before-

797 I Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16.

before-mentioned, then such assessor or assessors shall make an within the assessment by virtue of this act, as in the case where no former assessment shall have been made by virtue of this act; and every OiallafleTs him such assessment so made upon any such neglect or refusal, shall as if no assess-be final and conclusive upon the person thereby charged, unless menthadbeeri the assessment upon which the same shall be computed shall be §cc. abated upon appeal, either on proof of the rate of income of such person, entitling him or her thereto, or of any mistake which may have arisen in the computation to be made on the amount thereof, or unless it shall appear that such person is entitled to be exempted from the said additional rate or duty.*

LXXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ^a^cjP*erf'ort if any person or persons assessed by virtue of this act, or liable soweQ to be assessed, in two or more places, shall be desirous of paying be desirous of the whole of the Turns assessed in either of such places; or if any paying in person or persons, after an assessment made by virtue of this a£d °T.e> or after in any place, shall remove therefrom, or become resident in any ^11 remove other place, and shall be desirous of paying the sums assessed in to^another such other place, it shall be lawful for him, her, or them, to place and be give notice thereof to the assessor or aflVflors for such other place, desirous of accompanied with a declaration of the place where such other b^maygiv* assessment was made, and the amount thereof, in the manner notice to the before directed; and every such assessor or assessors shall if necef- assessors, with fary make an assessment to the amount so declared, or to any a declaration greater amount, in proportion to the amount of the former duties ^ere the^ now payable, for which such person or persons shall be assessed in other afiTefiT-such other place or places, and shall certify the same to the commentwas missioners acting for the distridd where the said declaration shall made, and be delivered; and the said of, or any two or more of % ^er-in '* them, or their clerk, or other person to be employed by them so r - fpfci fied Hi all that purpose, shall on request: deliver or cause to be delivered to follow, the person or persons so again assessed, a certificate signed by such of or their clerk, of the amount of such assessment, which certificate shall be made out and delivered gratis, and shall be a sufficient authority for vacating the former assessment to the amount certified, and for transferring the future collection and account of the sums contained in such former assessment to the officers adding for the district where such latter assessment shall be made; and that in default of obtaining such certificate, the of adding for the distridd where such former assessment was made, on proof given on oath of the fadd of such latter assessment being made, or of payment under the same, to the satisfaction of the of present, or the major part of them, may vacate such former assessment.

LXXXVh Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Exemptions allowance of any exemption from, or abatement to be made of the said additional rate or duty, in the manner before directed, }nforce longer shall not have continuance or be in force for any longer term than a week than the expiration of one week after the fifth day of January after Jan. 5, next ensuing the allowance of such exemption or abatement; but ensuing that it shall be lawful for any person to whom such allowance thereofihut

was the parties

568

may from time to time appeal, ani the commtf-lioners may continue them*

A fit (Tor, and collectors to aid surveyors or infptdtors, or liable to penalty for neglect of duty.

Bank to open an account with the treasury, and carry to their credit all monies authoris-ed by this act to be paid them, for which receipts shall be given, and duplicates if required.

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. i6. [1797.

was granted, at any time during the continuance of the rate and duty hereby imposed, and lb from time to time whenever there shall be occasion, to appeal again from the assessment made by virtue of this abb to the of abling for the parish or place where the same was made, in the manner before direbfed, and on proof or, oath, or affirmation, to the satisfaction of the said of, of the amount of the then annual income of the appellant, the said of shall continue the said exemption, or allow such abatement as the case may require; and all the rules and directions prescribed for making the appeal to the said of, in the first infbance, shall be used and applied (mutatis mutandis) in every other subsequent appeal to be made to the said of; and the said of fna have the like powers to determine the matter of such subsequent appeals, as are hereby given to them for determining appeals in the first instance.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all assessors and collectors for the time being of the said duties now payable, shall and are hereby required and enjoined, at the request of any surveyor or inspector of the said duties, to be aiding and assisting such surveyor or inspector in the execution of the powers given to them by this act, and in the performance of their respective duties hereby required; and if any assessor or collector shall neglect or refuse to be aiding or assisting any surveyor or inspector in any matter required of him in pursuance of this act, every such assessor or collector so offending, shall be liable to such penalties as afieffors and collectors are liable to for neglect of duty by any act or acts of parliament before mentioned, relative to the said duties now payable.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the governors and directors of the bank of England shall open an account in their books with the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, under the title of "The Commissioners of the Treasury on Account of the Supplies granted by Parliament for the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty and shall carry to the credit of such account all the monies author!fed by this act to be paid to the governor and company of the said bank of England, or to their cashier or calibers, or other person or persons to be authorised by them as herein after is mentioned, and the said cashier or cashiers or other person or persons to be authorised as aforesaid, shall give a receiptor receipts in writing for the amount of the monies lo to he paid to the person or persons paying the same, or to his, her, or their agent or agents, and if required so to do shall also give a duplicate of any such receipt, or a second receipt of the same tenor and date, to the person or persons paying the same, his, her, or their agent or aoents, which duplicates or second receipts of the same tenor or date shall be accepted and taken by the several collectors and receivers of the said additional rates and duties by this act granted, as cash, and in payment and discharge of the several sums to be assessed and collected by vittue of this act, in the manner herein after directed.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. i6. 569

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be law- Persons may ful for any person or persons, body politick or corporate, at any hank^an^ time or times during the continuance of this ac9, to pay or cause sums Vvit1iout to be paid to the said governor and company, or to their cashier requiring or cashiers, or other person or persons to be authorised as afore- duplicate re-said, any sum or sums of money, and to require a receipt or receipts for the same, without requiring any duplicate or dupli- deemed vo-cates thereof, or any second receipt or receipts of the same tenor luntary con-and date; which sums so to be paid as aforesaid, and for which tributions. original receipts only shall be required, shall be deemed and taken to be the voluntary contributions of such persons, bodies politick or corporate respectively, towards etFedfing the purposes of this act.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Persons may for any person or persons at any time or times during the continuance of this act to pay, or cause to be paid, to the said sums, and re-governor and company, or to their cashier or cashiers, or other quire receipts person or persons to be authorised as aforesaid, any sum or sums and dupli-of money, and to require a receipt or receipts, and duplicates thereof respectively, or receipts of the same tenor and date, for deemed to be such payments (which sums may be so paid without producing on account of to the said governor and company, or their cashier or cashiers, inst.ilments of or the person or persons to be authorised as aforesaid, any assess-^ancTt^ ment or certificate of the amount of the said additional rates and excJfs of fuc^ duties to be made by virtue of this act, upon such person or per- sums above fons); and all sums so to be paid, for which receipts and dupli-the additional cates, or receipts of the same tenor and date shall be required, ^be

shall be deemed and taken to be on account of such instalments

luntary con-

of the said additional rates and duties, and in advance of the tributions. same; and the excess of the sums so paid above the amount of the said additional rates or duties so to be assessed or charged on such person or persons, shall be deemed and taken to be the Duplicate re- voluntary contributions of such person or persons towards effect- ceipts shall be ing the purposes of this act; and the duplicates of the receipt or so^fachTn receipts to be given upon the said payments, or the second re- ftalments as ceipts of the same tenor and date, shall, upon delivery thereof to the person de-the collectors of the said additional rates and duties, defied and baring them charged upon such person or persons as aforesaid, be an acquittance and discharge for such and so many instalments of the said dorfe thereon, additional rates and duties so assessed and charged as aforesaid, as not exceeding the person delivering the same shall endorse thereon, and shall the iums not exceed the amount of the sums expressed in such duplicates or second receipts as aforesaid, 1

XC. And be it further enacted, That upon the payment of ^r^h^whole any such sum of money as aforesaid into the said bank of England, of the sums the cashier or cashiers, or other person or persons receiving the paid to the same, shall give one receipt, signed by them respectively, for the bank, or t*pa-whole of the sums so paid, or separate receipts for such portions thereof as shall be required, and shall also, if required, give a tions as Unit duplicate of each or any receipt or second receipts of the same be required,

tenor and date respectively, which receipts and duplicates thereof, to he given,

1 '*1 I and also du-

plicates; Sec.

On deliver/ of the duplicate receipts to the collectors, in discharge of the whole of the duties, they shall, if required, indorse on the original receipt, the amount and number of instalments thereby dif-ciurged, on

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16. [1797.

or second receipts of the same' tenor and date, shall severally be cot off indentwise from the counter cheques thereof, which counter cheques are to remain with the said governor and company; and every receipt, in cases where a duplicate thereof, or second receipt of the same tenor and date, shall be given, shall be denominated in the body thereof to be the first receipt of the same tenor and date, and the duplicate of such receipt or second receipt shall be denominated in the body thereof to be the duplicate or second receipt of the same tenor or date.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That upon the delivery of the duplicate of any such receipt as aforesaid, or any second.receipt of the same tenor and date, to any collector of the said additional rates or duties, in discharge of the whole of the said rates or duties assessed or charged upon the person or persons delivering or causing to be delivered such duplicate or second receipt, or any part thereof, the said collector shall, if required, indorse in writing on the back of the original receipt* of which the duplicate or second receipt as aforesaid shall be delivered, the amount and the number of instalments of the additional rates or duties thereby to be discharged, and the commissioners for executing this act in the district where such duplicate or second receipt shall have been delivered', or any two or more of them, may and they are hereby required, on any application for that

production of purpose, at any of their meetings, and on production of the which the original receipt indorsed as aforesaid, or other proof given to the -

commissioners satisfaction of the said commissioners of the payment in advance certificates °*" any ^uin money> on account of the said rates or duties, which Pnall'be grant a certificate thereof under their hands to the person or evidence. persons making such payments, which certificates of the said of shall be received, without further proof, as evidence of such payments in all courts and places, and before all persons whatever.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That every person deliverings to any collector or collectors of the said additional rates or duties hereby granted, any receipt or duplicate as aforesaid, given for monies paid into, the said bank of England, in advance as afore-kfs than three said, in discharge of not less than three instalments of the said

Persons delivering to the collectors receipts ot' the bank for not

instalments, to have an al'owance of 4l. per cent, per ann. for money advanced, not exceeding fix in dal ments, &c.

additional rates and duties charged upon such person, shall be entitled to an allowance on the sums expressed in such receipt or duplicate, or such part thereof, not exceeding the amount of fix instalments, charged as aforesaid, of so much money as the interest of the sums so paid in advance, not being less than three nor exceeding fix instalments as aforesaid, shall amount unto, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, from the day of payment of the first of the said instalments so to be discharged, until the day of payment of the last of the said instalments, which allowance is to be ascertained by the certificate of the receiver general of the county, riding, shire, stewartry, or place, where such additional rates or duties shall be payable; \yhich certificate such receiver general shall grant on demand, before the period of such last instalment; and the allowance so certified shall be paid

at

1797O Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16. 571

at the bank of England, or by the collector or collectors of the said additional rates or duties, out of any payments that may be afterwards made by or on the behalf of the person to whom such certificate shall be granted, or in case no future payment shall become due, then by the receiver general of, the same county, riding, shire, stewartry, or place, out of any monies in his hands, of the said additional rates or duties.

XCIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if The bank any person, having received the copy of the certificate of his or her assessment to be made by virtue of this act, shall be desirous persons pay, of paying the duty in advance at the bank of England, and of ing affefiT-receiving the discount to be allowed by this act on prompt pay- merits in ad-ment at the said bank of England, it shall be lawful for the ^an^hree^1* cashier or caftiiers of the said bank of England, on production of instalments, die copy of such certificate at the time of payment of the said giving a reduty in advance, (the sum so paid not in any case to be less than ceipt and the sum which appears by such certificate to be payable, by three duplicate, instalments), to make an allowance at the rate before-mentioned out of the sums so paid in advance, from the day of paying in the same until the day appointed by this act for the payment of the last of the said instalments thereby discharged, and in such case to give the person paying in the same a certificate or receipt, and a duplicate thereof, specifying therein the number of instalments thereby discharged, and the amount of the allowance for such prompt payment; and all such allowances shall be made by the said cashier or caftiiers out of the duties to be paid in at the said bank of England, at the time of paying the same.

XCIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it Bank may

shall be lawful for the cashier or caftiiers of the governor and c.ert?h'

- cates in lieu ot

company of the bank of England, on the receipt of any sum of receipts, ancj

money by virtue of this act, to give a certificate or certificates in duplicates

lieu of a receipt or receipts as herein-before mentioned, and if thereof.

required so to do, a duplicate or duplicates thereof, or certificates

of the same tenor and date, and every such certificate shall be of the like force and validity as a receipt or receipts in the manner

before directed.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- Persons forg-

fons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged, nS or altering

or counterfeited, or shall willingly act or aftift in the forging or cei3 ?at<ls* r..'.& J r.& P receipts, or

counterfeiting any certificate or certificates, or receipt or receipts, duplicates,

for the whole or any part or parts of the sums received at the or uttering bank of England, in pursuance of this act, or any duplicate of to any such certificate or receipt, or shall alter any number, figure, guilt/of or word, in any such certificate, receipt, or duplicate, or know- felony, ingly utter or publish, as true, any such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered certificate or certificates, or receipt or receipts, or duplicate or duplicates, with intent to defraud the King's majesty, his heirs or successors, of the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever, every such person or persons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged Vol, XLI. or

Monies arising from the duties, or received at the bank, to be paid into the exchequer, and kept separate from all other monies.

Monies arising from the du-

572 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16. [1797.

or counterfeited, or willingly acting of assisting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publishing, as aforesaid, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

XCYT. And be it further enacted, That all monies arising by the said respective additional rates and duties (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted), and also all monies to be received at the bank of England, shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, distinctly and apart from -all other branches of the publick revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said respective rates and duties, Or received at the bank of England, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatever; and the said monies so paid into the said receipt shall be subject and liable to the uses and purposes herein after mentioned.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That all the monies arising ties^or'paid to from the said respective additional rates and duties, or from pay-the bank, or merits at the bank of England, or from such other aids and duties from other as shall be granted by any act to be parted in this session of par-session'for an^ specifically appropriated thereby to the same purposes

the same pur- whh the said additional rates and duties hereby imposed, not expose, not ceeding in the whole the sum of seven millions, which shall be exceeding paid into the said receipt of the exchequer, shall from time to 7, oco, ooool. to as the same shall be paid into the said receipt, be issued and

such^rvices to such services as shall then have been voted by the

commons of Great Britain, in this present session of parliament, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorised and empowered to irtiie and apply the same accordingly.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That after irtuing or reserving at the said receipt of exchequer, out of the monies to arise as aforesaid, by virtue of this act, or any other act or adds to be parted in this present session of parliament, such sum, not exceeding seven millions, as shall be voted for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight as aforesaid, so mu.h of the surplus of the said monies as shall be necessary, shall be and is hereby directed to be applied, in the first place, to the payment and discharge of all annuities, interest, and dividends, which shall become payable in consequence of any sum of money, not exceeding the sum or eight millions, to be raised by loan, by virtue of any act or acts to be passed in the present session of parliament-, and the same shall, 'at the'-end of each quarter of a year, or at such other- periods as the said annuities, interest, and dividends-shall become-payable, be carried to and made part of the

as shall then have been voted for 1798.

Application of surplus monies.

573

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16.

the consolidated fund, during the continuance of the term herein mentioned; and that after applying such part of the said monies as shall be sufficient for the purposes aforesaid, the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorised and required to issue the surplus of the said monies arising as aforesaid, during the said term, to the governor and company of the bank of England, and the said money fa issued shall be by them placed to the account of the of appointed by an act of the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, for applying certain sums of money annually to the redudfion of the national debt, who shall apply the same in the manner herein after directed.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That all the monies which Application by virtue of this act shall be placed to the account of the said of, to be applied towards the reduction of the na- virtue of this tional debt, shall be applied by the said of in pay- ad, to the ac-ment for the purchase of any publick annuities, in the following count of the manner; (that is to say), That all monies so to be applied, which shall be placed to the account of the said of, the national between the end of any quarter of a year ending on the fifth debt, day of January, the fifth day of Aprils the fifth day of July^ and the tenth day of October, in any year during the term herein mentioned, and the first day of the calendar month which shall commence next after the end of such quarter, shall be applied to the purchase of publick annuities, in equal portions as nearly as may be on every day (Saturdays and Mondays excepted) on which the same shall be transferable, between the said first day of the calendar month which shall commence next after the end of such quarter and the first day of the calendar month which shall commence next after the end of the quarter next ensuing; and that all the rules and directions prescribed by the said act of the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty aforesaid, for the purchase of any publick annuities below par, or at or above par, shall be applied and put in practice with relation to the monies appropriated by virtue of this act, as effectually as if the said rules and directions had been specially enacted in this act; and all such part of the principal or capital stock of such publick annuities as shall be purchased by the said of by virtue of this act, shall be transferred to the account of the said of, in the books of the governor and company of the bank of England; and that the dividends payable thereon shall from time to time, during the term herein mentioned, be received by the governor and company of the bank of England, and placed to the account of the said of.

C. And be it further enacted, That all dividends which shall Application from time to time become due and payable in respect of the prin- ^nds on the cipal or capital stock of such annuities as shall be redeemed by capital stock virtue of this act, shall be issued or set apart out of the consoli- redeemed by dated fund during the term herein mentioned, in the same man- virtue of this ner as if such principal or capital stock had not been redeemed, a<*

2 and

When the duties hereby imposed shall cease.

As soon as annuities to a certain amount shall be purchased, the auditor of the exchequer to transmit a certificate to the treasury, who shall order the charging the additional duty to cease, &c.

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16. [1797.

and shall be paid to the/aid governor and company of the bank of England, to be placed to the account of the said of; and the same shall from time to time be applied by them under the like rules and regulations, and in the manner prescribed by the said act of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, with respect to the sums redeemed by virtue of the said abt; and that all and every the rules, methods, regulations, and provisions, which in and by the said act of the twenty-sixth year aforesaid are provided and established for applying, managing, or accounting for the sums vested in the said of for the purposes of the said abt, shall be practised, used, and put in execution in and for the applying, managing, and accounting for all sums of money directed to be placed to the account of the said of by virtue of this abt, as fully and effectually as if the same had been repeated and reenabled in this present act; and that after the determination of this abt, Inch dividends as shall be payable in respect of the publick annuities redeemed by virtue of this abt, shall remain in the consolidated fund, and shall be applied to the uses and purposes which the monies composing the consolidated fund may be applicable to.

CI. And be it further enacted, That upon the purchase by the said of appointed for the reduction of the national debt, out of the monies to arise by virtue of this act, of publick annuities, to the amount of the annuities which may be created on the loan of the said sum, not exceeding eight millions as aforesaid, and upon publication thereof in the manner herein after directed, the said rates and duties hereby imposed'shall from thenceforth cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and all the rules and regulations of this abt, respecting the said respective additional rates and duties hereby imposed, shall also from thenceforth cease and determine; save and except as to the recovery of any arrears of the said respective additional rates and duties which may at that time have accrued, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture which may have been then incurred; lave also and except as to the provisions of this act, relating to the dividends which shall be payable in respebf to the publick annuities redeemed by virtue of this act.

CII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as any publick annuities, to the amount aforesaid, shall be purchased by the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt out of the monies arising by this act, the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer shall, and he is hereby directed and required to transmit a certificate thereof to the of of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, who shall thereupon issue their or his orders to the said of for the affairs of taxes, to direct the commissioners for putting this act in execution, and the several surveyors, inspectors, assessors, and collectors abling under them respectively, to cease from charging any further rate or duty for or on account of the said additional rates and duties by this act imposed, and to cease from collebling

-any

- by

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16. ^75

any additional rate or duty before charged by virtue of this act, except arrears of the said rate or duty grown due or payable before the date of such orders; and the said of for the affairs of taxes are hereby required to cause publick notice of such order to be given to them as aforesaid, to be affixed in their office, and at the royal exchange, and also to publish the same in the London Gazette, before the day affixed for the determination of the said respective additional rates and duties, and such notice shall be deemed to be a sufficient publication of the determination of the said additional rates and duties, according to the true intent and meaning of this a<£f; and the commissioners for putting this act in execution, and all surveyors, inspectors, assessorss, and collectors, and other officers adfing under them, are hereby required to act in obedience thereto.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That if, after applying the Any surplus monies to be raised by virtue of this act to the several purposes 111, ie exche-aforesaid, any fuin of money so arising should be in the said fo/the receipt of the exchequer, the same shall remain for the dispo- disposition of fition of parliament, and shall not be applied otherwise than as parliament, parliament shall direct.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That one moiety of all Application pecuniary penalties and forfeitures hereby imposed, shall, if sued 'd recovery for within the space of six calendar months from the time of0 Pena tICS* such penalties or forfeitures being incurred, be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof, with full cots of suit, to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same within the time aforesaid, and which shall and may be sued for in his Majesty's court of exchequer at Westminster, for offences committed in England, or in his Majesty's court of exchequer in Scotland, for offences committed in Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoign, privilege, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance shall be allowed; but nevertheless it shall be lawful for his Majesty's attorney general in England, or his Majesty's advocate in Scotland, in case it shall appear to his satisfaction that any such penalty or forfeiture was incurred without any intention of fraud, to stay all further proceedings, by entering a noliprofequiy or otherwise, with respect as well to the share of such penalty or forfeiture claimed by such informer or informers, as to the share thereof belonging to his Majesty.

CV. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit limitation of shall be brought against any person or persons for any thing done a l0ns* in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within six months next after the fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the county or place where the cause of complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in every such action or suit may plead the general General issue. issue, and give this act, and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit, or if the plaintiff* or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or

3 their

576 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16. [1797.

their action or suit after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have Treble costs. treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any defendant hath in any other cases to recover costs by law.

The persons CVI. And whereas many counties, cities^ towns, and other the authority P^aces'> are hurthened with rates for the purpose of discharging of borrowing the debts incurred by the building or repairing of churches, gaols 9

money for houses of corrections poor houses, and other works of a publick

discharging nature, which debts are required by divers acts of parliament to b^biiil'iin^whoUy discharged within pertain limited times: and whereas or repairing* would tend to facilitate the collection of the tax imposed by churches, this act, and would be a reasonable relief to the persons liable to the

gaols, &c. said rates> if such times were permitted to be prolonged without pre-

the Vnne^foi^ Ju^ce io any creditors \ be it therefore enacted, That in all the payment, not ftcveral cases aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the magistrates or exceeding other persons invested with the authority of borrowing money,

three years and imposing rates for the purposes aforesaid, to prolong the

tlrne ^or cornP^et'ng the discharge of the monies borrowed or term with otherwise due, for any term not exceeding three years beyond the consent of the new subsisting term: provided always, That such order be the creditors, made with the consent in writing of the respective creditors, or so many of them as shall be affected thereby.

Act may be CVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this

3hUfG" ma^ a^erec^' varied, or repealed by any act or acts to be

fdlion. ilb made in this present session of parliament.

The SCHEDULE to which this act refers.

RULES for estimating the income of persons appealing against any assessment to be made under the act of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

1 ft CASE, — Tj'REEHOLD,

Jl customary, or copyhold land usually in the occupation of the owners.

THE CASES of appellants deriving their income, or any part thereof, from or out of land:

In such case the income of the owner shall be taken at the true annual value, according to the best of his knowledge and belief, but in no case less than the rent of one year and the half of a year, at which lands of the like quality and quantity are worth to be let by the year in that neighbourhood, and according as the same may be subject to, or free from tythe, or according to the rate of composition

577

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16.

2d CASE. — AssefTrnent on the owner of lands dcmifed -to^tenant.

3d CASE. — Assessment on the owners of lands -in respect of uncertain profits.

4th CASE. — By the tenant of lands demised.

5th CASE. — Lessees in consideration of fines.

composition or modus payable for the same, afrer deducing such payments as the same may be subject to, and which are allowed to be deduced by these rules from income arising out of land.

In the case of lands demised at rack rent; the income of the owner shall be taken at the full amount of the rent reserved for one year, after deducing as aforesaid.

In the case of lands derriifed in confederation of a fine paid, and a rent reserved, the said income shall be taken at the amount of the said rent for x>ne year, and of such further futn in respect of the fine, as in the judgement of the owner will amount to a sum equal to the receipts of one year, on a fair average.

In the case of lands demised in consideration of a fine only, the like average as aforesaid shall be taken.

Casual and uncertain profits arising out of lands shall be estimated according to the befl: of the owner's judgement and belief, on the amount of a sum equal to the receipts of one year, on a fair average.

In the case of a demise at rack rent, the income of the occupier of lands, under the rent of one hundred pounds per annum* shall be taken at not less than: three fourths of such rent for one year.

If of one hundred pounds per annum, or upwards, then at not less than the full amount of such rent for one year.

In the case of lessees of lands in consideration of fines, whether with or without a rent reserved, the income of the lessee shall be taken at not less than <3^4 three

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16. [1797.

6th CASE. — Owners of

houses demised to tenants.

7th CASE.- — Owners of houses or other buildings occupying the same*

8th CASE. — Income arising from prosessions, or trades, or vocations.

9th CASE. — Income arising from annuities, interest of money, rent charge, or other payments.

three fourths, of the rent, at which lands of the like quality and quantity are worth, to be let by the year in that neighbourhood.

In such case, the annual rent -for which the house shall be let* shall be taken to be the income of the owner, after deducting the fair average for money expended in repairs during the ten preceding years.

The annual value of such houses or other buildings shall be taken according to the fair rent at which the same might be let, clear of all repairs.

The income of such person shall be taken at not less than the full amount of his or her profits or gains, acquired or received within the year, ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and which such person might or could expend within such year, or, at the election of the person assessed, at a sum not less than the fair and just average for one year of the amount of his or her profits or gains in the three years preceding the thirty-first day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and which such persons might or could expend within the said three years.

In such cases, the income shall be taken at not less than the whole films payable within the year preceding the passing of this ach

RULES

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16.

RULES setting forth in which cases, and on what account, any deductions may be made in estimating the fair income.

ift, General deductions. T?IRST, The amount of an-

X1 nual interest payable for debts owing by or charged upon - the estate of the appellant.

Second, The amount of allowances to any child or children, or other relations of the appellant, such child or children or other relations not making a part of the family of such appellant.

Third, The amount of the assessed taxes, contained in the last assessment or assessments thereof, within the year ending the fifth day of April one thou-i'and seven hundred and ninety-eight.

Fourth, The amount of the several rates made upon and paid by such appellant, within one year, ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the relief of the poor, for the several rates commonly called the church rate, the county rate, the rate (if any) for paving, watching, and lighting streets, or for maintenance of sewers, or any rate, tax, or assessment payable under any law or act of parliament for the purposes of draining or embankment, or for the erection or repair of churches, gaols, bridges, or other publick buildings, or for repair of highways.

Fifth, The amount of any annuity payable by the appellant, either as a debt or charge upon his or her income, excepting any payment to the wife of any appellant living with such appellant.

2d, Deduction6 in respect of First, The amount of the land. land tax paid by, or to be paid by

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16. [1797.

3d, Deductions by persons having estates for life or lives only, in addition to any other deductions before mentioned.*I,

by the appellant, or any former owner or occupier, within one year, ending the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

Second, The fair yearly average for money expended in repairs of buildings during the ten preceding years.

Third, The amount of fee farm rents, quit rents, rent charges, ground rents, and other rents payable by the appellant, being himself the owner of the land, estimated for one year next preceding the time of making the appeal, and also of fines on a fair yearly average.

The amount of premiums for insurance paid out of their incomes to secure a provision for themselves, or any of their families, or for the benefit of their creditors after their decease.

FORM to be used by appellants in declaring their proportion of the duty to their income.

I, [A.B.) do declare, That the amount of my annual income, (or, if the declaration shall be made by a guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, or by a [toward or agents theny

I, [C. D.) of guardian, tutor, curator, committee, Reward, or agent, as the case may be, of A.B. of [or as the case may be), do declare, that the amount of the annual income of the said A.B. efti-niated according to the rules and directions prescribed by an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, doth not exceed the sum of which estimate I have made according to the said directions and rules, to the best of my knowledge 2nd belief, having made from the said income no other deductions than such as are specified in the schedule annexed to the said act.

Signed,

We whose names are under-written, do testify that the signature of

is of his proper handwriting, and that the same was written in our presence.

£. F. of

G. H. of FORM

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 17. 581

FORM of the oath to be made by any guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, or by any Reward or agent, making a declaration on the behalf of any infant, or absent or incapacitated person, or any body corporate or politick.

I, C.D. do swear, (or, being one of the people called Quakers, do solemnly affirm), That I have abled as for A.B.

of for the space of and that I am

well acquainted with the annual income of the said A.B. which annual income is truly Rated in the declaration hereunto annexed, to the best of my knowledge and belief.

So help me GOD.

CAP. XVII.

An act for allowing, during the continuance of the present war, a certain proportion of the men, raised in pursuance of two a£U of the laf session of parliament for augmenting the militia, to enlist into his Majesty's other forces, and to serve until six months after the conclusion of a general peace, — [Jan. 12, 1798.]

WHEREAS by two several acts, passed in the last session ^Preamble.

parliament, for providing an augmentation to the militia, a certain number of men were directed to be raised in the several counties^ ridings, and places, in England, in the said acts mentioned, to serve as a supplementary force of militia: and whereas it is expedient, at the present crisis, to permit a certain proportion of men, raised under the authority of the said afis, in each county, riding, or place, to enter voluntarily into his Majesty's other forces, within the time herein after mentioned: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majeRy, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall be Persons en-lawful for any officer, serjeant, or other person, thereunto autho- rolled in the

rifed by the commander in chief of his MajeRv's land forces, at [uPPlenJ.en-

J. r^J r i tary militia

anytime during the continuance of the present war, until the maybeen-

number of men allowed by this a<R to beenliRed out of the men lifted into raised for each county, riding, or place, as aforesaid, shall be such of his completed, to enliR any person enrolled in the supplementary ^er^foreea militia, raised by virtue of the said acRs, who is willing, and as ^all shall appear fit for service, into any regiment of his Majesty's appoint, other forces, which his Majesty Rial), by any order under his royal (ign manual, appoint to be recruited in that manner; and every such officer, serjeant, or other person aforesaid, enlisting such militia man, and every such militia man entering to serve, or offering to serve in any such regiment of his Majesty's said other forces, shall be freed and discharged from all pains, penalties, and forfeitures whatever, incurred by reason of such enliR-ing, entering, or offering to serve as aforesaid; any statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

lotted for in his room.

582 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 18.

[1797. On produc-

II. And be it further enacted, That upon the production of ficate°of Cantl" arT certificate> under the hand of any justice of the peace or fuc^militia^ magistrate, of any such militia man having voluntarily entered man having himself as aforesaid, (which certificate every such justice or male enMed, he gistrate is hereby directed to give gratisJ, to the lieutenant of char^V^vom any count}V tiding, or place, where such militia man so enlist-the'mditta°mng was ra^'ed to serve, or to any three deputy lieutenants and no man of such county, riding, or place, by the officer, serjeant, or shall be bal- other person recruiting as aforesaid, the said lieutenant or deputy lieutenants respectively shall cause the militia man named in such certificate to be discharged from such supplementary militia; and the certificate of the number of men to be raised'to the supplementary militia for any county, riding, or place, filed by the clerk of the peace of such county, riding, or place, shall be amended, by striking out such number of men as shall be enlisted in his Majesty's other forces from the said supplementary militia, by virtue of this act, and the county, riding, or place, for which any militia man so enlisted was raised, shall not be obliged to ballot for any other in the room of the militiaman so discharged, but shall in future be discharged from raising any men in the room of those who shall enter into his Majesty's other forces, by virtue of this act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the number of militia men to be enlisted from any supplementary militia into any such regiment of his Majesty's other forces, by virtue of this act, shall not exceed ten thousand men, nor in any case be more than one fifth part of the number of men directed to be raised to the said supplementary militia, in any county, riding, or place.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every person to be enlisted by virtue of this act, shall be enlisted according to the terms and conditions to be particularly specified in the recruiting orders to be issued for that purpose, and to serve during the continuance of the present war, and six months after the conclusion of a general peace, and no longer, and shall not be liable to serve out of Europe.

The number of men to be to enlisted.

T.'rms of till 1 ft incut.

CAP. XVIII.

An act to enable his Majesty to order out a certain proportion of the supplementary militia, and to provide for the necessary augmentation of men, in the several companies of militia, by incorporating the supplementary militia therewith.

[Feb. 20, 1798.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS his Majesty hath been graciousy pleased to com-V V municate to parliament, his royal intention to draw out and embody the supplementary militia, raised by virtue of two efts, passed in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, or such part thereof as he shall think necessary to be drawn out or embodied; and the occasion of embodying the same: and whereas it may be expedient^that only a certain proportion thereof in each county^ riding,

qt

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 18. 583

or place, JJyould be embodied on the present occasion; and that the appointment of the men necessary to confiitute such proportion shoukl be decided by bailot, to be taken in each subdivision or diJlriSl, without assembling them previously out of their subdivision or dislrifi: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the lieutenant of every county, riding, or WhenhisMa-place, or in case of vacancy, or in the absence of the lieutenant from his county, riding, or place, any three or more deputy pigmentary" lieutenants, to whom any order of his Majesty, for the purpose militia to be of embodying the said supplementary militia, or such part there- embodied, the of as herein after is mentioned, shall be directed, shall, as soon ^anti to order" after as conveniently may be, issue his or their order to the clerks the clerks oV. of the several subdivision meetings in such county, riding, or the subdivi-place, to prepare and make out a full and true lift, containing fion meetings the names of all the persons enrolled to serve in the said supple- eh°ut

mentary militia by virtue of the said acts, within each subdivision men Enrolied, respectively, before a day to be specified in the order of the lieutenant, or deputy lieutenants, as aforesaid, and which day shall not be later than three days after the date thereof; and the said dej'ks to clerks shall, within the time fixed by such order, prepare and ]j^3 an°d dn-make out such lifts accordingly, and also two duplicates thereof, plicates. one of which duplicates shall be for the use of the deputy lieutenants at their subdivision meetings, and the other duplicate thereof shall be transmitted to the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, or the deputy lieutenants, who shall have issued such order as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said lieutenant or County lieu-deputy lieutenants as aforesaid, to whom his Majesty's order ^nant to issue shall be directed, shall, at the time of issuing his or their order the chief con-herein-before mentioned, also issue his or their order for aftem- stable, for af-bling all the men of the said supplementary militia, within their fembling the respective subdivisions, or at such place or places within their °nrat^ respective counties or ridings, and in such proportion, as to the aa^ragn said lieutenant, or deputy lieutenants, as aforesaid, shall appear with direc-most: expedient, on the day or days to be specified in such his or tions to blue their order, and which day shall not be later than the twenty- precepts ac-sixth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety- th^ co.n ft allies eight, to the chief constables or other officers of the several hun- within the re-dreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divisions, within such spective divi-county, riding, or place, with directions immediately to issue precepts conformable thereto, to the constables, tythingmen, tice tQ^headboroughs, or other officers of the several parities, tythings, given to the and places, within the said hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, men. and divisions respectively; and such constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers, are hereby required, upon receipt thereof, forthwith to cause notice in writing to be given to the several men of the supplementary militia, or left at their usual places of abode, within their respective parishes, tythings,

or

584 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 18. [1797.

or places, to attend within their respective subdivisions or districts at the time and place mentioned in such order.

Any man not

III. And be it further enacted, That if any person of the appearing, or said supplementary militia (not labouring under any infirmity the order of ^ncaPac^ng him to serve as a supplementary militia man) the deputy shall not appear in pursuance of such order, or appearing shall lieutenants, not abide the orders of the deputy lieutenants attending in pur-to be deemed fuance of this act, every such person shall be deemed a deserter; a eitrtei.&c. ancj jp not taken previous to the completion of the ballot at which such person ought to attend in pursuance of this act, shall forfeit the sum of twenty poiinds, and shall be deemed and taken to be a person liable to serve within the intent and meaning of this aC % and to be embodied according to the directions herein contained, over and above the number to be chosen by ballot as aforesaid.

Constables to

IV. And be it further enacted, That the respective constables, o^the^me6 ryt^nSmen5 headboroughs, or other officers, within their re-and place for fp€(^ive parishes, tythings, and places, shall cause notice of the assembling the time and place appointed for assembling the men to be chosen by men to be cho-, ballot as aforesaid, to be affixed on the doors of the churches or to\eyaffixe°d c^aPe^s belonging to their respective parishes, tythings, and on the church P^aces5 or w'nere there is no church or chapel, then on the door doors. of the church or chapel of some parish, tything, or place there-

unto adjoining; and such notice shall be deemed a sufficient notice to every person enrolled by virtue of the said acts, of the time and place of so assembling for those parishes, tythings, and places respectively; and all such persons shall attend at the time and place mentioned in such notice, and according to the same.

Persons not V. And be it further enacted, That if any person enrolled by chosen by bal- virtue of the said acts, and not chosen by ballot in pursuance of

°^'er himself as a volunteer to be drawn out and roomof those embodied in the room of any person so chosen by bailot, it shall that are. be lawful for the deputy lieutenants at any meeting to accept such volunteer in the room of such person so ballotted as aforesaid, and such person so accepted shall serve as if he had himself been chosen by ballot.

When the

VI. And be it further enacted, That whenever-the whole enmbedUfor ei' numr Persons enrolled in the said supplementary militia for any subdivi- any subdivision of any county, riding, or place, shall have been fion shall be ordered to be drawn out and embodied in pursuance of this embodied, if and in case any of the persons so ordered to be drawn out a^ear and be arl^ afterwards make default, either by not ap-

not^aken ° pearing in pursuance of any such order as aforesaid, or by defer-within three tion or absence from duty, and such person shall not be taken months, the within the space of three months from the time of such default, r a vacancy shall be declared by the deputy lieutenants at afrefhballot. tiVie*r next meeting for the subdivision for which the person so making default was enrolled, on the certificate of such default, under the hands of the officer appointed to receive the ballotted men for such subdivision of such county, riding, or place, or

command-

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. i8. 585;

commanding the regiment, battalion, or independant company to which they shall be appointed; and the vacancy thus occasioned shall be filled up by a fresh ballot for a supplementary militia man, which ballot shall be conduced according to the provisions of the said acts of the thirty-seventh year aforesaid, and in like manner as if such vacancy had been occasioned by discharge. from the service.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said lieutenant or ^ant^o^" deputy lieutenants as aforesaid, of every county, riding, or place, p^int the first or any three or more of them, shall appoint the first meeting to meetingotthe be holden by the several deputy lieutenants and justices of the deputy lieu-peace of the same county, riding, or division, within their re- on the

spedlive subdivisions, or at such other place or places as shall have Jday for afpem^ been appointed as aforesaid, on the day mentioned in such order filing the men, as aforesaid, for assembling the men of the said supplementary and to appoint militia, in order to their being ballotted to serve as herein is

mentioned, and shall also appoint the time and place of afiem- Ambling the bling such of the said men as shall be so ballotted, within their men ballotted, respective counties, ridings, or places, in order to their being in order to embodied; of which several appointments the respective deputy embodied^ lieutenants and justices respectively shall have notice; and all the men enrolled on the lift of every such subdivision or district, and appearing in pursuance of such order on the day so to be ap- tered, and a pointed, shall be then mustered by the said deputy lieutenants, number to be or by one deputy lieutenant and one such justice of the peace, chosen by bal-or where no deputy lieutenant shall attend, then by any one such f-^ofhe° justice of the peace; and the said deputy lieutenants, or one de- whole that puty lieutenant and one justice of the peace, or one such justice ought to be of the peace as aforesaid, shall at such meeting proceed to cause enrolled, &c. such a number of the men so appearing to be chosen by ballot as shall be equal to one half of the compleat number that ought to be enrolled by virtue of the said acts on the lift of such subdivision or districft, and to cause the names of all the persons so chosen to be marked on the lift of such subdivision or drftritff, and when the ballot shall be concluded, the said deputy lieutenants, or one deputy lieutenant and one justice of the peace, or such justices of the peace as aforesaid, shall cause the lift of such subdivision or districft to be publickly calied, and as the name of each person contained therein shall be read, shall declare whether such person is or is not (as the case may be) ballotted out of such lift, in the manner herein-before provided; and the names Persons ^hoof all the persons so chosen by ballot shall be returned to the to\/embo-lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, for which such per- died, and to fons are enrolled, or to the deputy lieutenants, who shall have attend at the given such order as aforesaid; and the persons so chosen by bal- time and place lot shall be embodied to serve according to the true intent of the tha^pur^of^1" said acts; and the said deputy lieutenants, or one deputy lieutenant and one justice of the peace, or such justice of the peace as aforesaid, shall openly declare to the men, who have been so ballotted, the time and place' of their assembling, in order to their being embodied; and all and every such person or persons,

who

586 Anno regni tricesimo octavo GEORGII III. c. 18. [1797.

who shall be so declared to have been so ballotted, shall immediately proceed and repair to, and shall duly attend at the time and place so to be appointed and declared, in order to their being embodied accordingly; and all and every such person or persons as shall be so declared to have been not so ballotted as

further attendance in pur-

Persons not ballotted to

from'attend- aforesaid, shall be discharged from

ance.

Meetings may be held notwithstanding the assizes. Where any men have entitled previous to the bailot, pursuant to 38 Geo. 3. c. 17. and the same has been certified to the clerk of the subdivision, no more ill >11 bechofi n than half the number that ought to be

fuance of such order as aforesaid.

VIII. And whereas, in case any of the meetings appointed by this act to be heldftoouldfall within the time appointed for the affixes in any town where such meeting has been appointed to be held, doubts may arise whether it would not be necessary for the militia men so met to remove from the same; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for them to continue and remain there, notwithstanding the assizes being then held at such place.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any of the supplementary militia of any such subdivision or dif-tri£k shall have been enlisted, previous to such bailot, into any of his Majesty's other forces, in pursuance of an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled An act for allowing, during the continuance of the present war, a certain proportion of the men, ratfed in pursuance of two acts of the last session of parliament, for augmenting the militia, to enllfi into his Majesty's other forces, and to serve until six months after the conclusion of a general peace, and the same shall have been certified, by the commanding officer of any regiment into which any of such men shall have been enlisted, to the clerk of such subdivision or other meeting as aforesaid, which certificate every such commanding

enrolled, rec- 0fgcer js hereby required to transmit previous to the day to be Ironing as part. r rJ ,. n f.r, rJ r

the men cn- appointed for such bailot, it shall not be lawful to choole, out ot

lifted. the men so appearing in such subdivision or districts, a greater

number than will be necessary to complete one half of the number that ought to be enrolled on the lift of such subdivision or distritft, after reckoning, as part of such half, the men enlisted previous to such bailot, and who shall be so certified: provided also, That where the militia men of such subdivision or district cannot be equally divided, it shall be lawful to ballot for one man more than will be necessary to complete the quota required to be ballotted for such subdivision or distridh Any person X. And be it further enacted, That if any person of the said

ordered to be fUpplementary militia, ordered to be embodied in pursuance of embodied not, -0 / 11 j -a 1

appearing, to 1"1S a<-G (not labouring under any infirmity incapacitating him

be deemed a to serve as a supplementary militia man), shall not appear and deserter; and march in pursuance of such order, every such militia man shall any person ]jable to be apprehended and punished as a deserter, according to the provisions of any act which shall be then in force for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the belter payment of the army and their quarters; and if any person shall harbour and conceal any such militia man, when ordered to be embodied as aforesaid, knowing him to be such militia man, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

harbouring him to forfeit ico 1.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 18* 587

XI. And be it further enacted, That every man of the said Allowance to supplementary militia, who shall appear and attend at the ballot to be taken in pursuance of this act on whom the lot shall not not ch0fen fall, shall be entitled to an allowance, after the rate of one fhil- by bailot, ling per diem^ during the time he shall be necessarily employed from home, in goii g to, continuing at, and returning from the place to be appointed for such bailot, to be paid by the clerk of the subdivision or other meeting in which such men shall be enrolled, on the certificate of the number of men, so appearing, under the hands of such clerk, and of such deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace respectively, or where no deputy lieutenant shall there attend, then of any one such justice of the peace as aforesaid, and the receiver general for such- county, riding, or place, shall, on the like certificate, reimburse to the said clerk the films so paid, out of any monies in his hands of any aid granted by parliament by way of land tax; and the pay CommefiCd-cf every such man, who shall be embodied in pursuance of this ment of the a£L shall commence on the day of the date of his Majesty's war- embodied611 rant for drawing the said militia out into adlu'ai service.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the respective clerks Clerl>s

of the subdivision or other meetings shall be, and they are hereby ^vvo^the^ authorised and empowered to draw on the receiver general of receiver gene* the land tax for the county, riding, or place, for such sum or ral of the Turns of money as such deputy lieutenants, and justices of the

peace respectively, or where no deputy lieutenant shall attend, d^uty then as one justice of the peace shall, by any order under their lieutenants or his respective hands or hand, direct and appoint, which sum and justices, or sums of money shall be applied by such respe*flive clerks for ^or moneJTor

*-'* Doyinrr 2.ilO

paying the allowances herein directed to be made, to the men of^nces^ the said supplementary militia for their attendance at the place of bailot; and the receipt of any such clerk, together with such order shall be to the said receiver or receivers general of the land tax a sufficient discharge for the payment of such sum or sums of money, and be allowed in his or their account.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the clerk of each subdivision Clerks, when or other meeting shall, 1 when required by such deputy liciate-

nants and justices of the peace, or where no deputy lieutenant*coun^ofmo. shall attend, then by one justice of the peace, make out an ao ney received count of the respective sums of money by him received and paid, and paid, in pursuance of this act, to be by them examined, allowed, and ^Tlowe<lWa 11 signed, and the account so examined, allowed, and signed, shall their* be and is hereby directed to be the proper voucher and acquittal voucher, of such clerk for the application and disposal of such money.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any militia When any man so embodied as aforesaid shall desert, or absent himself from

his duty, and shall not return or be taken within the space of fhaiMefert three months from the time of his so deferring or absenting him- and not be* self, then and in every such case the deputy lieutenants, or any taken in, of two or more of them, at their first meeting holden for the said at>-

subdivision for which such person was enrolled, next after the mohth^an-receipt of the certificate of such desertion or absence from the other shall be Vol. XLI. R r officer

the subdivl (ion

588 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 18. [1797.

ballotted for officer appointed to receive the ballotted men, or commanding foiis°re\umed reg*ment' battalion, or independent company to which they in the lift for be appointed, shall proceed to ballot for another person in

the place of the person so deserting or absenting himself, out of the persons returned in the lift before mentioned for such subdivision, who shall not then be serving in the supplementary militia, in pursuance of the said acts of the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, or in some of his Majesty's other forces, in pursuance of the said act passed in this present session of parliament, and so from time to time as occasion shall require, so long as any of the persons returned in such lift shall not have been chosen by bailot, nor shall be then serving as aforesaid.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nomay order the thing herein contained shall be construed to debar his Majesty remainder of from ordering the remainder of the said supplementary militia,

or so many of the remainder of the said supplementary militia, of any county, riding, or place, as his Majesty shall in his wisdom think proper to be drawn out and embodied, whenever the occasion shall require, according to the provisions prescribed by the said acts.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty shall think fit to draw out and embody any further proportion of the supplementary militia of any county, riding, or place, than the proportion of one half before mentioned, it shall be lawful for the lieutenant of every county, riding, or place, or three or more deputy lieutenants as aforesaid, and he and they is and are hereby respectively required to cause such further proportion to be drawn out and embodied as his Majesty shall order, and in so doing such lieutenant and deputy lieutenants respectively, and also all and every the deputy lieutenants, and all other officers aforesaid respectively, shall pursue the rules and directions herein-before prescribed for drawing out and embodying the proportion thereof herein-before particularly mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if during such time as any part of the supplementary militia which shall have been drawn out and embodied for service, pursuant to the provisions of the said recited acts of the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, shall continue embodied, his Majesty shall deem it expedient that the supplementary militia of any county, riding, or district, or any part thereof which shall not, at such time, be actually embodied for service, should be drawn out in order to be mustered, trained, and exercised, for a limited time, instead of being so embodied for service, according to the provisions of the said acts and of this act, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to direct the lieutenants, or deputy lieutenants, of all or any of the said counties, ridings, or districts, to cause the said supplementary militia not actually embodied, or any part thereof, of each or any of the said counties, ridings, or districts respectively, to be drawn out in order to be mustered, trained, or exercised, in such proportion, and for such time, and at such

place

His Majesty

the militia to be embodied.

When his Majesty shall think fit to embody any further proportion than the half before mentioned, the directions hereinbefore prescribed to be pursued.

His Majesty may order any supplementry militia not embodied, to be drawn out in order to be mustered or exercised.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 18. 589

place or places, as his Majesty shall think fit; and the same shall be muttered, trained, and exercised accordingly, for such time, and in such manner, as his Majesty may diredh

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every person not ^very person possessed of an estate in land, goods, or money, of the clear

value of five hundred pounds, who shall be, at any time after ft, -ill be bal-

the patting of this actt, chosen by ballot to serve in the said sup- lotted ahd

plementary militia, and shall be sworn and enrolled, or shall fcyve, or pro-

provide a fit person to serve as his substitute, who shall be swornto be'"

and enrolled, shall be entitled to be paid a sum of money not entitled to ail

exceeding the sum allowed to be paid by overseers of the poor to allowance,

any volunteer enrolled in the said supplementary militia, nor but not to ex-

such sum of money as shall be adjudged to be as near as may chosen'

be one half of the current price which shall be at that time paid before passing

for a volunteer to serve in the said supplementary militia, which this act*

payment shall be ordered, raised, and made, upon the like oath

of the party, in like manner, and with the like remedies, for the raising and paying the same, as by an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, is provided with respect to the ordering, raising, and paying the allowances to be

made to persons chosen by ballot to serve in the militia raised by virtue of the said act of the twenty-sixth year of his Majesty's

reign, if so chosen when such militia happens to be drawn or

ordered out for actual service i provided always, That nothing in this act, or in the said aT of the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, or in any act relating to the said supplementary

militia, shall be construed to extend to entitle any person who has

been chosen by ballot to serve in the said supplementary militia

before the passing of this act, to demand the allowance aforesaid.

XIX. Jnd whereas, by an act passed in the twenty-sixth year the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amendin_ and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the 107*militia in that part of Great Britain called England, it is enacted,

That no company of the militia, to be raised by virtue of the said act, shall conftji of more than eighty men at the mof: and whereas it may be necessary, in cases where the said supplementary militia shall be incorporated with the said other militia, according to the provisons of the said acts of the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, or where the said supplementary militia ft) all be formed into regiments, battalions, or independent companies, in pursuance of the said acts of the thirty-seventh year aforesaid, to form certain companies of militia, con fifing of more than eighty men in a company; be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act>, His Majesty it shall be lawful, during the continuance of the said acts of the thirty-seventh year aforesaid, to form the number of men com- ^mpanies°of posing the militia of any county, riding, or place, or the said any number supplementary militia, into companies, confiding of any number of men, See.; of private men in a company; and that where the number of militia men of any county, riding, or place, now formed into a battalion, as amounting to the number of three companies, and under eight companies, shall, by incorporating the supplemen-

R R 2 tary

of

cr ^6 Geo. 3.

59° Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 19. [1797.

tary militia therewith, be advanced to the number of eight companies, and not more than twelve, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, whenever he shall think proper, to cause the same to be formed into a regiment, and such number of officers of such rank respectively to be appointed, as by the said act of thetwen-ty-sixth year aforesaid are allowed for a regiment of militia; and where the number of militia men of any county, riding, or place, now formed into an independent company or companies, as confiding of less than three companies, shall, by incorporating the supplementary militia therewith, be advanced to the number of three companies or more, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, whenever he shall think proper, to cause the same to be formed into a battalion, if the number of such companies shall not amount to eight, or into a regiment, if the number of such companies shall amount to eight or more, during the continuance of the said acts of the thirty-seventh year aforesaid, and such number of officers of such rank respectively to be appointed, as by the said act of the twenty-sixth year aforesaid are allowed for a battalion of militia, confiding of the like number of companies, or for a regiment of militia, as the case shall rebut uoon d du*rc> any in the said acts to the contrary notwithdand-

terrninatiorfofnS* provided always, That upon the determination of the said aits of the thirty-seventh year aforesaid, the regiments, battalions, and companies, formed in pursuance of this act, shall be reduced to their present edabliffiment as if this act had not been made.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all pow-ing to the mi-ers> provisions, rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, litia to extend clauses, matters, and things, contained in the aforesaid acts of to this act. the twenty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of the reign of his present Majesty, or in any other act relative to the training, raising, embodying, and calling out the militia, or the supplementary militia, (and not hereby altered), shall be applied, practised, and put in execution, with relation to the provisions of this act, in as full and ample a manner as if the said powers, provisions, rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were repeated and re-enacted in this a£h

the two acts of 37 Geo. 3. the present establishment to take place.

All acts relat-

Pre amble. 3S Geo. 3. c. 18.

CAP. XIX.

An act to give further time for putting in execution an adi> made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act to enable his Majesty to order out a certain proportion of the supplementary militia, and to provide for the necessary augmentation of men in the several companies of militia, by incorporating the supplementary militia therewith.

[Feb. 23, 1798.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled An act to enable his Majesty to order out a certain proportion of the supplementary militia, and to provide for the necessary augmentation of men in the several

companies

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 20, 21. 591,

companies of militia, by incorporating the supplementary militia

therewith; it is enacted, That the lieutenant oj every county, ridings

or place, or, in his absence, any three or more deputy lieutenantsr/shall

issue his or their order for assembling oil the men of the supplementary

militia, within their respective subdivisions, at such place or places

within their respective counties or ridings, and in such proportion as to

the said lieutenant, or deputy lieutenants, fall appear ?noft expedient,

on the day or days to be specified in such his or their order, and which

day shall not be later than the Uuenty-fxth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety- eight: and whereas it is expedient that

further time should be cdlowecl for assembling the men of the said sup-

plernentary militia; be it enacted by the King's most excellent £ount ^eu

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual tenant may

and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, issue his order

and by the authority of the same, That the lieutenant, or deputy for assembling

lieutenants, shall and may issue his or their order for assembling

the men of the said supplementary militia, on a day or days to be 0naday,

specified in such his or their order, not to be later than the tenth not later than

day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; any March io,

thing in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding. 1798.

II. And be it further enacted, That any orders which have Su(-h or^rs been, or may be issued by the lieutenant, or any three or more to e va 1* deputy lieutenants* of any county, riding, or place, for such assemblies of the men of the supplementary militia, to be held at a day or days later than the twenty-sixth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and not later than the tenth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall be legal and valid, according to all intents and purposes as if the same had been held not later than the twenty-sixth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; any thing in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XX.

An act for raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year 1798.

[March 9, 179s.]

Commissioners of the treasury may raise 3, 000, 0001. by loans and exchequer bills before May 1, 1798, in like manner as is prescribed by the malt ad of this session, c. 4, concerning loans, &c. The clauses, &c. in the said act relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this act. Exchequer bills so issued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged, before July 5, 1798. Action not to lie for such refusal. Principal and interest with charges, to be repaid out of such instalments as shall be specified in the exchequer bills, on any loan of this lession, or of any money payable under 38 Geo. 3. c. 16. and if the instalments paid before Nov. 20, 1798, be insufficient, to be charged on the consolidated fund. Monies so issued to be replaced out of the fivft supplies.

CAP. XXI.

An act for settling and securing a certain annuity on John earl St. Vincent, and the two next persons to whom the title of earl St. Vincent shall defeend, in confederation of the eminent service performed by the said John earl St. Vincent to his Majesty and the publick.

[March 9, 1798.]

R R 3.A life

592 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 22 — 24. [1797.

A life annuity of a, ooool. a year settled on earl St. Vincent, and the two next succeeding heirs to his title, to commence from Feb. 14, 1797, and to be paid quarterly.

CAP. XXII.

An act for settling and securing a certain annuity on Adam lord viscount Duncan, and the two next persons to whom the title of viscount Duncan fh.dl defjend, in consideration of the eminent service performed by the said Adam lord viscount Duncan to his Majesty and the publick.

[March 9, 1798.]

A life annuity of a, ooool a year settled on lord viscount Duncan, and the two next succeeding heirs to his title, to commence from Odt. n, 1797, and to be paid quarterly.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

[March 9, 1798.]

Number of forces 48, 609 including 5, 766 invalids.

CAP. XXIV.

An act to repeal the duties on gold and silver plate used in watch cases.

[March 9, 1798.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty,

[0, Geo. 3,

intituled An act for granting to c. 53. and his Majesty certain duties on all gold and silver plate imported; and also certain duties on all gold and silver wrought plate made in Great Britain, a certain duty was imposed, after the rate of eight shillings for every ounce troy of gold plate, and after the rate offexpence for every ounce troy of silver plate, which should be imported or brought into Great Britain, or which should be made or wrought^ and which should or ought to be touched, assayed, and marked in Great Britain, 37 Geo. 3. over and above all other duties imposed thereon; and whereas, by an c. 90., recited. macle in tfo£ thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, an additional duty after the rate of eight shillings vaas imposed for every ounce troy of such gold plate, and an additional duty after the rate of sixpence was imposed for every ounce troy of such silver plate: and whereas it is deemed expedient, that the duties imposed by the said recited adis^so far as the same relate to gold and silver plate used or to be used as and for watch cases, should be repealed: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, From Mardi "phat, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand duties binder ^ven hundred and ninety-eight, the said recited duties, so far as recited acts, the same relate to gold and illver plate used or to be used as and so far as they for watch cases, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid used for* ^ate or PaYa^e> and that then and from thenceforth all the powers watch cases anc^ authorities given and granted, and the rules and regulations repealed. prescribed, by the said recited aefts, or either of them, in relation to the managing, securing, collecting, retovering, and paying

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 25, 26. 593

the far'd duties, so far as the same relate to gold and Diver plate used or to be used as and for watch cases, and all penalties and forfeitures in respeff thereof, shall also cease and determine, save and except in all cases relative to the recovering of any arrears which may at any time remain unpaid of the same duties, and to the accounting for the same, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, which shall have been incurred upon or at any time before the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any person or per-hor &°ld a£d fons shall, before the fifth day of March one thousand seven hun- cVfesexported dred and ninety-nine, export by way of merchandize for any before March foreign parts, any gold or silver plate wrought or manufactured 5>799> a into watch cases in this kingdom, and the same shall appear to the^ties to have been made as aforesaid, and marked according to the regu- be a|]oweci lations of the said recited acts, and the several duties before men- on certain tioned shall have been paid thereon, and shall give sufficient fe- conditions, curity before the shipping thereof for exportation, that the particular quantities of such plate intended to be exported as aforesaid, and every part thereof, shall not be relanded or brought into Great Britain, and shall make proof upon oath that the same gold or silver plate was actually made as aforesaid, and marked according to the regulations of the said recited acts, such securities to be taken, and such oaths to be administered, in the manner directed by the said recited aof the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and shall also produce such certificate, and shall authenticate the same in the manner and under the regulations directed by the said last mentioned act, then and in such case such exporter shall be entitled to a debenture from the customer or collector in the manner also directed by the said Jaft-mentioned act, which being certified by the searcher upon the said debenture, the receiver of the Damp duties for the time being, or any officer appointed by the of of the stamp duties for that purpose, upon the said debenture so certified being produced to him, shall forthwith pay a drawback or allowance of the whole of the duties paid on such gold or silver plare by virtue of the said recited acts, out of any monies in his or their hands of the duties on plate, which payment shall be made without fee or reward.

CAP. XXV.

An act to permit, during the continuance of the present war, the importation of salt from Portugal, in neutral ships.

[March 9, 1798.]

CAP. XXVI.

An act for rectifying mistakes in the names of several of the of appointed by an act, made in the last session of parliament, to put in execution an act, made in the same session, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1797; and for appointing other of, together with those named in the first mentioned act, to put in execution

R R 4 an

[Preamble.]

The county and deputy lieutenants, in obedience to his Majesty's orders to procure re turns ot men 15 years of age, and under 60; and which are in volunteer corps; and which are willing to be armed, &c.;

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 27. [1797.

an act of this session of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1798, and for indemnifying such persons as have acted as of for executing the said act, for granting an aid to-his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1797.

[March 9, 1798.]

Cap. xxvii.

An act to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the defence and security of the realm during the present war; and for indemnifying persons who may suffer in their property by such measures as may be necessary for that purpose, — [April 5, 1798.]

WHEREAS it Is expedient, that his Majesty should be enabled to exercise, in the mo ft effectual manner, the powers by law vested in him for preventing and repelling an invasion of this kingdom by his Majest s enemies; and that, for such purpose, provfon should he made to enforce prompt obedience to (itch orders as his Majesty ft)all think fit to issue for procuring the information necessary to the effectual exercise of such powers upon any emergency*and for applying, in the most expeditious manner, and with the greatest effect, the voluntary services of his loyal subjects for the defence of the kingdom; and also to enable his Majesty to procure ground which may be wanting for erecting batteries, beaeons, and other zyorks, which may be deemed necessary for the publick service; and also to provide for the indemnity (in certain cases) of persons who may suffer in -their property by measures which may be taken for the defence and security of the country, and annoyance of the enemy: be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fp^ritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the lieutenants of the several counties, ridings, and places, within that part of Great Britain called England, and of the several counties, stewartries, cities, and places in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, > and their deputy lieutenants, or such of them as his Majesty shall directs, and the deputy lieutenants adfing as lieutenants under the laws now in force, shall, respectively, in obedience and conformity to such orders as his Majesty shall think, fit to issue for such purpose, procure returns of the numbers of men residing within the several counties, ridings, stewartries, cities, and places aforesaid, who shall be of the age of fifteen years, and under the age of sixty years; distinguishing which of them are, by reason of infirmity, incapable of active service, and which of them are engaged in any volunteer corps, and what corps, and which of them are willing to engage tnemselyes, to be armed, arrayed, trained, and exercised for the defence of the kingdom, and upon what terms; and which of them are willing to engage, in cases of- emergency, either gratuitously or for hire, as boatmen or bargemen, or as drivers of carriages or horses, or drivers of waggons, carts, or cattle, or as pioneers, or other labourers for any works or labour which may be necessary for the publick service; and also distinguishing all aliens and Quakers, with such other

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 27. 595

other particulars as his Majesty shall think fit to require; and also to procure returns of the numbers of the males and females, residing within the several counties, ridings, stewartries, cities, and places aforesaid, who by reason of infancy, age, or infirmity, or for other cause, may probably be incapable of removing the m-, (elves in case of danger; and also for procuring returns of all and of boats, boats, barges, waggons, carts, horses, and other cattle and (beep, and of all hay, draw, corn, meal, flour, and other provisions, and J of all mills and ovens, and all other matters and things which may be useful to an enemy, or applicable to the publick service, within the said counties, ridings, stewartries, cities, and places respectively; and which of such boats, barges, waggons, carts, a.nr* which of and horses, the owners thereof are willing to furnish, in case ofo^ners^are emergency, for the publick service, either gratuitously or for hire, willing tofu-rand with what number of boatmen, bargemen, drivers, and other nish for the necessary attendance, and upon what terms and conditions, and publick ftr-of all such other particulars as his Majesty shall require, for the vice* c* purpose of enabling his Majesty, and the persons aSing under his Majesty's authority, t6 give such orders as may be necessary for the removal, in case of danger, of such persons as shall be incapable of removing the mfslyes, and for the removal of all boats, barges, waggons, carts, horses, cattle, sheep, hay, ffraw, corn, meal, flour, and other provisions, matters, and things aforesaid, or for the employment thereof in his Majesty's service, or otherwise, as the exigency of the case final I require, and generally to give such directions touching such matters respectively, as may be deemed- most- likely to defeat the views of the enemv5 and most advantageous for the publick service.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his His Majesty Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy, council, to order ^-r^mrc and require, from time to time, as his Majesty shall fee occasion, n^tsToVp-the lieutenants, or deputy lieutenants acting as lieutenants as point officers aforesaid, to appoint proper officers to be ready for arraying, to be ready training, exercising, and commanding such men as shall be wil-or tra, rfln& ling to engage themselves to be armed, trained, and exercised as £ng]we &c ° aforesaid; and also proper persons to be in like manner ready, in case of need, for superintending and directing the execution of the several other duties which may be necessary to be done for the several purposes herein-before mentioned; such officers and other persons to be appointed in such numbers, and under such regulations and restrictions as his Majesty shall think fit to order and direct, such lieutenants, or deputy lieutenants acting as lieutenants as aforesaid, first signifying to his Majesty the names and ranks of all officers so to be appointed, and the purposes for which they are so to be appointed, and appointing such officers only as his Majesty shall approve: provided always, That if the shall^" said lieutenants, or deputy lieutenants adfing as lieutenants as not in aforesaid, shall not, within the time which may be specified in specified time, the orders which shall be given for such purpose, signify to his signify to his Majesty the names of a sufficiem number of officers, whom his Majesty, shall approve, for the command of such men as afore- sufficient

said, number of

596

officers, &c. his Majesty may appoint the necessary mimber.

His Majesty may require the lieutenants and de

to attend them.

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 27. [1797.

said, and appoint such other person as shall be necessary for the purposes -aforesaid, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to appoint so many officers, and other persons, as shall be necessary for such purposes.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by order under his sign manual, to authorise and require the several lieutenants and deputy lieutenants aforesaid, to

putics to hold h°ld such general and sub-division meetings, within their respectmeetings, and tive counties, ridings, stewartries, cities, and places, as his Ma-the clerksj&c. jesty shall think fit, and as shall be necessary for the execution of this act, and to require, for such purposes, the attendance of the clerks of the several general meetings and sub-division meetings of lieutenancy, within their respective counties, ridings, stewartries, cities, and places, and of all other persons whose assistance shall be necessary for carrying into execution this add, in such and the same manner, and with the same powers and authorities, as by the several adds now in force, concerning the militia forces of this kingdom, is provided, with respedd to such militia forces, so far as the provisions in such adds respectively are applicable to the purposes of this acd.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said lieutenants, and their deputy lieutenants, and the deputy lieutenants acting as lieutenants as aforesaid, and all justices of the peace, constables,

like powers as tythingmen, headboroughs, and other officers, shall, for the they have by pUrp0ffis Gf this add, have the like powers and authorities to do* within their respective counties, ridings, stewartries, cities, and places, respectively, all such acts, matters, and things* as shall be required by his Majesty to be done by them respectively in the execution of this act, as they respectively have to do the several acts, matters, and things by law required to be done by them respectively, by any add now in force concerning the militia

Lieutenants and deputies, justices, &c. to have the

the militia laws;

and to obey such orders as they shall receive.

forces of this kingdom.

The lieutenants or de

V. And be it further enacted, That all lieutenants, deputy lieutenants, justices of the peace, constables, and other officers, and all other persons, shall obey such orders as they shall respectively receive under the authority of this act, and the several provisions herein contained.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenants or deputy

putks^Vlffiue ^eutenants l*ie several counties, ridings, stewartries, cities, warrants, as and places aforesaid, within such time as they shall be required required by by his Majesty so to do, shall issue warrants to the several con-his Majesty, stab]eg5 tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers, of every Wes IcV Par^ or place, within the several counties, ridings, stewartries, cause returns cities, and places aforesaid, to cause returns to be prepared and to be made to made, touching the several purposes aforesaid, or any of them, the subdivi- as ftjs Majesty shall diredd, for their respective parishes and places; on anc* ^uch constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, and other of-

ficers, shall make such returns ieverally and respectively to the said deputy lieutenants at their respective sub-division meetings, according to the warrants which shall be issued for such purposes, and shall verify the same, upon oath* before such deputy lieutenants.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 27. 597

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, his Majesty, in case of actual invasion of this kingdom, or if his Majesty shall fee special cause to apprehend that such invasion aiifhoHfe the will be actually attempted by the enemy, to authortfe and em- lieutenants power, by order under his sign manual, the said lieutenants and and deputies deputy lieutenants, or any of them, on any emergency, and on ^emovarof^ the requisition of the officer commanding within the distri<£l re- bontls w spectively, or of such other persons as his Majesty shall specially-gons, hories, empower to make such requisition, to give all such orders as &c. shall be necessary for the removal of any boats, barges, waggons, easts, or other carriages, horses, cattle, fiheep, hay, straw, corn, meal, flour, or provisions of any kind, or any other things which may be of advantage to an enemy, or useful for the publick service, and to take the same, if necessary, for the publick service; and also to give such orders as shall be necessary for the removal of the inhabitants of any house, hamlet, districts, or place, or any of them, and especially such as by reason of infancy, age, or infirmity, or other cause, shall be incapable of removing themselves in case of danger; and also, in case of necessity, to defiroy any and to destroy boats, barges, Waggons, carts, or other carriages, horses, cat- any ^a(j tie, (beep, hay, straw, corn, meal, flour, or provisions of any to

kind, or any thing which may be of advantage to an enemy; the enemy, and to remove, destroy, or render useless, any house, mill, bridge, or other building, or any matter or thing whatsoever, and generally to do and aeft in the premises as the publick service and the exigencies of particular cases shall require.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That any persons who may PeHons who enrol themselves in any volunteer corps of infantry or cavalry, yo^nteer"^ subsequent to the date of this act, shall not be liable to be called corps i'ubfe-out and placed under the command of any general officer com- quest to this manding within the distrieft in which such corps may be formed, a<H not liable except in case of actual invasion, or of the actual appearance Qu^under the the enemy on the coast, or of the danger of invasion being deem- command of ed so imminent as to make it adviseable fer the lieutenant or de the general of puty lieutenants, or any of them, to give orders for the removal Hie district, of cattle, corn, or any other articles which may be of advantage J: XcePt !n certain cases.

to the enemy, or useful to the publick service, in the manner herein-before mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if the commanding offi- If the com-

ccr of any corps or company of volunteers, who shall be appoint- manding offi. ed under the authority of this act, or who has been or shall be appointed under the authority of an act of the thirty-fourth year funders shall of his Majesty's reign, intituled An at I for encouraging and dif- make a talie ciplining such corps or companies of men a* shall voluntarily enrol return, he themselves for the defence of their counties, towns, or coasts, or for ^ol telt

the general defence of the kingdom, during the present war, shall -

make any false return of such corps or company, with intent to defraud his Majesty, every such officer shall forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That it ill all be lawful for his His Majesty ijesty to authorise any general officer or officers, or other per- ^e^o^t^rire

f°n treat for the

thereof, during such time as the exigence of the service shall require; and in case the owner or owners of any such ground, or

598 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 27. [1797.

use of ground son or persons commissioned for such purpose, to survey and mark

fortbepublick out any piece- of ground v/anted for the publick service, and to service who # o 1

may, in cases treat anc^ agree with the owner or owners thereof, or any person

of refusal or or persons having any interest therein, for the possession or use inability of the party to

tw^jiThice^0 any person or persons having any interest therein, shall refuse or or deputy decline to enter into such contract touching the same, as shall be lieutenants to satisfadfory to such officer or officers, or other person or persons tU's^officers^commissioned as aforesaid, or shall be unable so to do by reason intopoillffion, °, ? infamy, coverture, or other disability, it shall be lawful for which they the person or persons so authorised by his Majesty to require two shall do, and or more justices of the peace, or deputy lieutenants for the county, rift^to riding, stewartry, city, or place, where such piece of ground shall

mon a jury to be: > to Put h, Majesty's officers into immediate possession of such aleertain the piece of ground, which such justices or deputy lieutenants shall compensation accordingly do, and shall for that purpose issue their warrant, to be made. uncJer their hands and seals, commanding possession to be so delivered, and shall also issue their warrants to the sheriff of the county, riding, stewartry, city, or place, wherein such piece of ground shall be situate, to summon a jury to appear, and be on a day and at a place in such warrant to be mentioned, to enquire of and ascertain the compensation which ought to be made for the possession or use of such piece of ground, during the time for winch the same shall be required for the publick Service, to the several persons interested therein, and to whom the same ought to be paid, the verdict of which jury shall be certified by such justices or deputy lieutenants to the receiver general of the land tax of the county, riding, stewartry, city, or place, where such lands shall lie; \yjiich receiver general shall, out of any money in his hands, pay such compensation to such person or persons, No ground to in manner> and for such purposes, as by such verdict: shall be directed: provided always, That no such piece of ground shall be so taken for the publick service, without the consent of the owner or owners thereof, unless the necessity for the same shall be first certified by the lord lieutenant, or two of the deputy -

__________ lieutenants of the county, riding, stewartry, city, or place, intenant, See. or which such land shall lie, or unless the enemy shall have actually in case of ac- invaded the kingdom at the time when such piece of ground shall be so taken. a

XI. And be it further enacted, That when it shall have been found necessary to take, for the publick service, remove, or destroy, any waggons, carts, or other carriages, horses, cattle, sheep, hay, straw, corn, meal, flour, or other provisions, or any other articles whatsoever, or to destroy or injure any house, mill, bridge, or other building, or any matter or thing of value, under the directions aforesaid, the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury shall appoint persons to enquire into and ascertain the value of such articles, and the compensation which ought to be made for the same, by way of purchase or hire, orrecompence for damage, or otherwise, according to the nature of the case; and if the

owner

Verdict of jury to be certified to the receiver general of the land tax, who shall pay the compensation.

betaken without the owner's consent, unless the necessity be certified by the lord lieu

tual invasion

Treasury to appoint persons to ascertain the value of articles taken or injured for the publick service, and to pay a compensation for them.

599

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 27.

owner or owners, or person or persons interested, shall be willing to accept the compensation*which shall be So ascertained, the same shall be paid by the Sard of of his Majesty's treasury, or Such person or persons as shall be appointed by them for that purpose, in purSuance of a certificate under the hands of the persons So employed to aSeertain the Same; and if the owner or owners, or person or persons interested, shall not be willing to accept Such compensation, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to order two justices of the peace of the county, riding, stewartry, city, or place, to Settle 3nd ascertain the compensation which' ought to be made to Such owner or owners, or persons interested; which justices shall Settle and ascertain the Same accordingly, and shall grant a certificate thereof to the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, who shall order the Same to be paid to the person or persons entitled thereto, out of any money granted, for the Supply of the year.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the warden of the Stannaries, and all other officers of the stannaries, shall, respectively, in obedience to his Majesty's orders, to be issued for that purpose, procure like returns to be made, and all other matters to be done touching the tinners of the counties of Devon and Cornwall, according to the customs of the Stannaries and privileges of the working tinners, as are hereby required to be done by the lieutenants and deputy lieutenants aforesaid, touching other persons residing in the Said counties of Devon and Cornwall, not entitled to the benefit of Such privileges; and Such warden and other officers of the Stannaries shall have Such and the like powers and authorities to do and execute all and every the matters and things, which shall be So required to be done as aforesaid, as the said lieutenants and deputy lieutenants of the several counties, ridings, Stewartries, ciries, and places aforesaid, have for doing the several matters and things hereby required to be done by them respectively.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty's commissioners of lieutenancy for the city of London, the lord mayor of the Said city, and the aldermen, deputies, and common council-men of the several wards of the said city and liberties thereof, and the constables, beadles, and other ward officers of the same, the conSSable of the tower of London* lieutenants of the tower hamlets, and the deputy lieutenants of the said hamlets, and their several officers, the justices of the peace for the tower liberties, the constables and other peace officers within the same, the warden of the cinque ports two ancient towns and their members, his lieutenant or lieutenants, and his or their officers, and the mayors, jurats, justices of the peace, constables, and other peace officers for the liberties of the cinque ports two ancient towns and their members, and all other justices of the peace, constables, and other peace officers, within their respective districts, and all other persons having authority within the same, shall put in ^execution all and every the powers and provisions contained in tins ad, in like manner as they are respectively authorised to put in

execution

If the owners be not willing to accept the compensation, two justices may-settle it, Sec.

The officers of the stannaries to procure returns, and other matters to be done touching the tinners in Devon and Cornwall.

The lieutenancy, lord mayor, &c. of London, the ecu liable of the tower, See. the warden of the cinque ports, Sec. to have the like power in execution of this act, as they have respecting the militia.

6oo

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

Form of con-vie!ion in schedule, may be used with the need!ary variations.

-commissions not to vacate feats in parliament.

Clerks of the

to receive compensation

C. 27. [1797.

execution the several laws respecting the militia forces of this kingdom, or any of them, within their respective distribls.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the form of conviction by one of his Majesty's junices of the peace, in pursuance of this act, set forth and expressed in the schedule hereto annexed, may be used, with such additions and variations only as may be necessary to adapt the same to the particular exigencies of the case; and that no objection shall be made, or advantage taken, for want of form, in any such conviction by gny person or persons

Acceptance of whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the acceptance of any commission, under the authority of this act, shall not vacate the feat of any member returned to serve in parliament.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the respective clerks meetings, ^nd l^e general and sub-division meetings of lieutenancy, confta-other officers, bles, and other officers required to execute this act, and who shall respectively execute the same to the satisfaction of the deputy lieutenants assembled at their respective sub-division meetings, shall have and receive such compensation for their care* trouble, and expences, in and about the executing of this act, as the said deputy lieutenants shall judge them respectively to have deserved for the same; and the said deputy lieutenants shall di-rebt such compensation to be paid by the receiver general of the county, riding, or place in England, or receiver general of Scotland^ as the case shall require, out of any money in his hands, and such receiver general shall pay the same accordingly, in case such order as shall be made by such deputy lieutenants at such sub-division meetings shall be confirmed at a general meeting, but not otherwise.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any constable, headborough, tythingman, or other inferior officer, or other person, shall disobey any orders which shall be issued in pursuance of this act, or shall obstruct or hinder the execution thereof, every such person, upon conviction of such offence before any., justice of the peace of the county, riding, stewartry, city, or place, where the offence shall be committed, shall forfeit and, pay a sum not less than five pounds, and not exceeding one hundred pounds, at the discretion of fuel) justice, to be levied by distress and sale in the manner herein-before directed with respect to the penalty herein-before imposed; and for want of sufficient distress, then such justice is hereby required to commit such offender to the common gaol of the county, riding, or place, where the offence shall be committed, for any time not exceeding three months, and the monies arising by such penalty shall be paid to the treasurer of the county, riding, stewartry, city, or place, where the offence shall be committed, to be applied as part of the flock of such county, riding, stewartry, city, or place.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no order or conviction made in pursuance of this act, by any lieutenant, deputy lieutenant, or justice of the peace, shall be removed, by certiorari, advocation, or suspension, out of the county, riding, or place,

wherein

Penalty for disobeying orders, or ob-itrubring the execution of this adh

No order or conviction to be removed out of the county, or

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 27. 601

wherein such order or conviction shall be made, into any court proceedings whatever; and that no writ of certiorari, advocation, or suspen- ^Aj^rfeded (ion, shall supersede execution or other proceedings upon any such order br conviction, but that execution and other proceedings shall be had thereupon, any such writ or writs, or allowance thereof, notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty his Majesty to authorise any three deputy lieutenants of any

county, riding, stewartry, city, or place, in the absence from ^tenantsto such county, riding, stewartry, city, or place, of the lieutenant, ad in the thereof, to do all abls, matters, and things, in the execution of absence of the this act, which might lawfully be done by such lieutenant, and lieutenant, the same shall be good and valid in the law, as if done by such lieutenants.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all penalties by this act Recovery of imposed, for recovery whereof no other means are hereby pro- Penalties* vided, shall be recovered by ablion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster,

or the courts of great (eftion in the principality of Wales, or the courts of the counties palatine of Chester, Lancaster, or Durham, or in the court of session, or court of exchequer, in Scotland, as the case shall require, wherein no essoin, privilege, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any ablion shall be Limitation of brought against any person or persons for any thing done in pur- abtion3. fuance of this act, such ablion shall be commenced within three

months next after the fabl committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the county or place where the cause of complaint shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such ablion or suit may plead the general issue, and give this General issue* abl and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants in such ablion or suit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their ablion or suit, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and Treble costs* have the like remedy for the same as any defendant hath in other cases to recover costs.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this abt shall have Continuance

continuance during the present war with France. of abl.

XXIII. Provided always, That this act, or any of the pro- Act may be

visions herein contained, may be altered, varied, or repealed, by re*

any act or acts to be passed in this present session of parliament. 1S

The SCHEDULE to which this act refers.

FORM of conviction for disobedience of orders, or obstruction or hindrance of the execution of such orders.

M, ---\ T) E it remembered, That on this day of

to wit. j -13 in the year of his present Majesty's reign, A<B. of is duly convicted

before

6o2.

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 28. [1797.

before me one of his Majesty's justices of the

peace for the county of in pursuance of an

act of the thirty-eighth year of his present Majehy's reign, intituled, [here set forth the title of the aftf\ for that the said A.Bt on at did

contrary to the said act: wherefore I the said do adjudge, that he the said A.B. do pay the sum of as a penalty for his offence, in purfu-

ance of the powers veiled in me by the said act. Given under my hand and leal this day of in the year of our Lord

CAP. XXVIII.

An net to prevent, during the war, persons residing or being in Great Britain, from advancing money or effects for the purchase or on the credit of debts owing to the government of the United Provinces, or any bodies politick or corporate, or any persons within the said provinces, without licence for that purpose; and for extending the provisions of an aff, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, more effectually to prevent, during the present war between Great Britain and France, all traiterous correspondence with, or aid or assistance being given to his Majesty's enemies, to the said United Provinces, and to the persons exerciseng the powers of government therein, and also to the persons, territories, and places, under their.government.

[April 5, 1798.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to prevent persons, ref ding or being in Great Britain, from advancing money or effects for the purchase or on the credit of debts owing to the government of the United Provinces, or any bodies politick or corporate, or any persons within the said provinces, during the present war, without licence first obtained for that purpose: be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par-If any per-^liament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any Creator it ain1 Person ^eliding or being in Great Britain during the said war, shall make or knowingly and wilfully, in Great Britain or elsewhere, shall procure to be make, or agree to make, or cause or procure to be made, any advance of money whatsoever, or of goods, merchandize, or effects, or other valuable thing whatsoever, to any government, any debt due or body politick or corporate, or any persons or person whom-to the ft ate s soever; or shall accept, pay, indorse, or negotiate, or agree to general of the accept, pay, indorse, or negotiate, or cause or procure to be vince? 6cc- accePtec^ paid, indorsed, or negotiated, or shall guarantee or he (ha 11 forfeit agree to be security for the payment of any bill of exchange, or i, ooool. and other bill, note, or security, for money, for or in consideration of any purchase or transfer of any debt or debts, or of any share or interest in any debt or debts due or owing to the Hates general of the said United Provinces, or to the Hates of any of the said provinces, or to the government of the said provinces, or of any

of

made, any advance for purchase of

treble the value of the advance.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 28. 603

of them, or of any part or parts thereof, or of any territories or places now dependent thereon, or under the government of the ffates general of the said United Provinces, or of the hates of any of the said provinces, or of any parts or part thereof, or due or owing to any persons or person residing or being within any of the said provinces, territories, or places, or for or in consideration of or upon the security or credit of any such debt or debts; or shall knowingly and wilfully, in any manner w.batsoever, purchase or agree to purchase, or become entitled to or interested in, for valuable consideration, ^or by way of security or indemnity, any such debt or debts, or any parts or part of any such debt or debts; every person so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one thousand pounds, and also treble the amount or value of the money, goods, merchandize, effects, or valuable thing, so advanced or agreed to be advanced as aforesaid, or of such bill of exchange, or other bill, note, or security for money, with respect to which any such dealing shall be had as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That all contracts and agree- All^ontra^ ments - whatsoever, touching or concerning any such debt or debts as aforesaid, or any parts or part of any such debt or debts, be void, or touching any money or other valuable consideration, advanced or to be advanced for or in respect of any such debt or debts, or for or in respect of any goods, merchandize, effects, or other Valuable thing, fold or agreed to be sold, or for or in respect of any bills of exchange, or other bills, notes, or securities, drawn, accepted, indorsed, negotiated, given, or executed in consideration thereof, or by way of security, indemnity, or otherwise, for or concerning the same, shall be null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any broker or other Any person person, residing or being in Great Britain, shall knowingly and negotiating wilfully, in Great Britain, or elsewhere, negotiate or transact, to forfeit for commission or otherwise, any dealing prohibited by this act,

every person so offending shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, to any person who will sue for the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the penal- Recovery of ties and forfeitures aforesaid, shall and may be recovered, in that Pendties. part of Great Britain called England, by action of debt, bill,

plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or by information or bill in equity; and in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; by action or summary bill on information in the courts of session or exchequer in Scotland; and to any such information or bill in equity, the_party or parties against whom the same shall be exhibited, shall be obliged and compelled to answer upon oath for discovery of the dealings and transactions by means whereof such penalties and forfeitures shall have been incurred; and it shall be lawful for the court wherein such information or bill shall be exhibited, to proceed and decree thereupon, and enfore such decree in the same manner as is used in other causes in the said courts,

VOL. XU. S 3 V. PrO-

6o 4

Ac\ not to extend to any thing done by licence from his Majesty.

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 28.

Cr 797-

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any act which shall be done by any person, or in any place by virtue of or in obedience to any licence or authority from his Majesty, either under his sign manual, or by order in council, or proclamation, or by virtue of or in obedience to any licence or authority from any persons or person to be authorised by his Majesty, under his sign manual, or otherwise as his Majesty shall think fit, to give such licence or authority; or to any act done in his Majesty's service by any person or persons who shall be employed therein,

VI. And ivkereas it is expedient to extend to the said United Provinces, and the persons exercising the powers of government therein^ and to the persons, territories, and places under their government, the provisions contained in an g£1, pnffed in the thirty-third year of his Mef'Jlys reign, intituled An act more effectually to prevent, during the present war between Great Britain and France, all traitorous coysespondence with, or aid or assistance being given to his Majesty's enemies; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the several times herein after mentioned, and during the said war, all and every the provisions in the said act contained, shall extend, and shall be confirmed, deemed, and

vinces, and all taken to extend, to the said United Provinces, and all and every nnf'tr the territories and places under the government of the persons exercising, or who shall, during the said war, exercise the powers of government in the said United Provinces, and all persons refining or being, or who shall, during the said war, reside or be within the same, or within any of the territories or places aforesaid, and to the persons exercising, or who shall, during the said war, exercise the powers of government within the said provinces, or any of them, or any of the territories or places aforesaid, in such and the same manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the said United Provinces, and the territories, places, and persons aforesaid, and every of them, had been expressly mentioned in the said act, and all and every the provisions in the said act contained had been expressly applied thereto respectively, and the said United Provinces, and the territories, places, and persons aforesaid, had in all parts of the said act been mentioned, together with France, and the territories, persons, and places described in the said act; and that all and every the acts thereby prohibited to be done by persons residing or being In Great Britain, with respect to France, or the persons exercising, or who, during the said war, might exercise the powers of government in France, or persons residing or being within any of the dominions of France, or any town, territory, port, or place annexed to France, or under the government of the persons exercising, or who might'exercise* the powers of government in France, shall be deemed and taken to be, in like manner, and under the like penalties, provisions, and restrictions, prohibited with respect to the said United Provinces^ and all and every the territories and places under die government of the persons exercising, or who shall during the

33 Geo. 3-

e*. zy. t o extend to the United Pro-

places under the persons exercising the powers of government therein.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo GEORGII III. c. 29 — 31. 605

the said war exercise, the powers of government in the said provinces, and all persons residing or being, or who shall, during the said war, reside or be within the same, or within any of the territories or places aforesaid, and to the persons exercising, or who shall, during the said war, exercise the powers of government in the said provinces, or any of them, or any of the territories or places aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall take place and have commencement from the end of one week after the pa(Ting of this act, as to all acts which shall be done by any person whatsoever in Great Britain, or which shall be done in any parts out of Great Britain, by any person who shall have been in Great Britain at any time after the passing of this act, and during the continuance of this act; and shall take place and have commencement one calendar month after the passing of this act, as to all acts which shall be done in any part of Europe, other than Great Britain, by any person who shall not have been in Great Britain between the passing of this act and one calendar month after the passing of this act; and shall take place and have commencement three calendar months after the passing of this act, as to all acts which shall be done in any parts of the world out of Europe, and not beyond the Cape of Good Hope, by any person who shall not have been in Great Britain between the passing of this act, and the end of three calendar months after the passing of this act; and shall take place and have commencement six calendar months after the passing of this act, as to all acts which shall be done in any part of the world beyond the Cape of Good Hope, by any person who shall not have been in Great Britain between the passing of this act, and the end of six calendar months after the passing of this act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to Act may be

repeal, amend, alter, or vary this act, or any part thereof, during ^red this this present session of parliament. session.

CAP. XXIX.

An act to revive and continue, until the conclusion of the present war, an act passed in the session holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, c. 125- viz. on July 19, 1797, for authorising his Majesty to permit the exportation of an additional quantity of wheat and other articles to the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney.

[April 5, 1798.]

CAP. XXX.

An act to continue, until March 25, .1799, an act passed in the session of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, c. 76. viz. on June 6, 179;, for disallowing the bounty on sail cloth or canvas, the manufacture of Great Britain, exported to Ireland.

[April 5, 1798.]

CAP. XXXI.

An act to revive and continue, until May 1, 1798, an act passed in the session of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, c. 102. viz. on July 19, 1797, for granting to his

J Majesty

6o6 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 32, 33. [1797.

Majesty additional duties on distilleries, in the several parts of the highlands of Scotland, therein particularly deferihed, for a limited time; and for regulating the duties on distilleries, in the respective districts in Scotland.

[April 5, 1798.]

CAP. XXXII.

An act for encreasing the rates of fuMistence to be paid to innkeepers and.others on quartering soldiers.

[April 5, 1798.]

[Preamble.]

26 Geo. c. 6.

28 Geo. 3. c. 34.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act to amend two acts, made in the twenty-sixth year of King George the Second, and the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, respecting the performance of quarantine; for punishing persons acting contrary to any order in council, which may be made for laying any embargo on ships or vessels, or for prohibiting or regulating the exportation of any goods, wares, or merchandize; to prevent the fraudulent importation of glass into this kingdom; for permitting the removal of coffee and cocoa coastwise, for the greater convenience of exportation; to authorise the commissioners of the customs to return the duties paid on goods imported, which shall be lost or destroyed before the landing thereof; to prevent vessels licensed by the admiralty, from being engaged in any trade or employment not permitted by their licences; for permitting wines put on board any of his Majesty's ships, to be removed from one ship to another, without being first landed and warehoused; and for extending the provisions of an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, to wines delivered into the charge of the collector and comptroller of his Majesty's customs at the port of Falmouth.

[April 5, 1798.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, \ An afle to oblige (flips more effectually to perform their quarantine, and for the better preventing the plague being brought from foreign parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the ides of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man; all ships and vessels arriving, and all persons, goods, and merchandizes, whatsoever, coming or imported into any port or place within Great Britain or Ireland, or the isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, from any place, from whence his Majesty, his heirs or successors, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, shall judge it probable the infeflion may be brought, are required to make their quarantine in Ju-ch manner as directed by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, by his or their orders, made in his or their privy council, and notified by proclamation, or published in the London Gazette, and under divers rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, pains, penalties, and forfeitures, in the said act contained: and wheteas by an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act more effectually to secure the performance of quarantine; and for amending several laws relating to the revenue of customs; further provisions were made for performance of quarantine: and whereas it is necessary to make further provisionsP effectually to secure the due performance of

quaran-

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georg u III. c. 33. 607

quarantine; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled,

- j y* — 7*/ 1--7

or other person, having the charge of any ship or vessel liable to com9mander the performance of quarantine, shall, and is hereby required, from of a vessel, and after the first day of January one thousand seven hundred liable to qua-

of the coast of Great Britain or Ireland, or the illes of Guernsey, meet another Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, to hoist a signal, as by the said vessel, or be recited act is required, to denote that his vessel is liable to the within/°j^e performance of quarantine; which signal shall be, in the day- of Great time, a large yellow flag of fix breadths of bunting, at the main- Britain, &c top-mafl: head; and in' the night-time, a large signal lantern, on penalty of such as is commonly used on board his Majesty's ships of war, 2°°b with a light at the same Mast-head; and such commander, matter, or other person, shall keep the signal hoisted, during such time as the ship or vessel shall continue within fight of such other ship or vessel, or within four leagues of the said coasts or islands, and until file shall be legally discharged from the performance of quarantine; on failure whereof, such commander, master, or other person, having charge of such ship or vessel, so liable to the performance of quarantine, shall forfeit for every offence the sum of two hundred pounds.

II. And whereas, notwithstanding certain places are by law spedaily appointed for the reception of ships and vessels liable to the performance of quarantine, it frequently happem that pilots conduit ships and vessels so liable to the performance of quarantine, into places which are not -specially appointed for the reception, of such ships or vessels; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the first day of July one From July i, thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in case any pilot shall I79j' P?!ots bring or condubf, or cause to be brought and conducted, any ship vefpejR iiabie or vessel liable to the performance of quarantine, into any place to quarantine, which is not, or which shall not be specially appointed for the into places reception of ships and vessels so liable to the performance of qua- not spechjlly rantine, unless compelled by ft re fs of weather, adverse winds, or forfeit iool ° accidents of the Teas, such pilot shall, for each and every such

offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That every*offence committed ^Tere offen-

contrary to or in breach or violarion of the said recited acts, or C

of this act, or any order or orders of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, now or hereafter to be made, in his or their privy

council, touching or respecting quarantine, and notified by proclamation, or published in the London Gazette, shall and may be tried, heard, and determined, in any county within Great Britain, or in the proper courts of the isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney,

Sark, or Man, respectively.

IV. And whereas contagious aifeafes or dislempers have raged, and may rage in foreign parts, which may not be deemed the plague, and not within the provisions contained in the said alls, although the com-

s s 3

mumcation

All acts regarding quarantine to extend to all diseases declared infectious by pro-

in the Gazette.

608 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 33. [1797.

tnunication of such diseases or distempers may he highly injurious to this kingdom; and it is therefore expedient that the said recited acts, and any other act or acts of parliament, in any way regarding the performance cf quarantine, should be extended, and declared to extend, to such contagious diseases or distempers\ be it therefore enacted, That the said recited acts, and all and every other acts or act of parliament now in force, in any way regarding the performance of quarantine, shall be extended, and the same are hereby declared to extend, to all such diseases or distempers, as his Majesty, by clamation, 1 or an^ the advice of his privy council, shall judge to be probypublication bably infectious, and shall so declare by order in council notified^by proclamation, or published in the London Gazette; and all the rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, pains, penalties, and forfeitures, contained in the said recited acts, and in all and every other acts and act of parliament now in force regarding the performance of quarantine, shall be extended and applied, and are hereby declared to extend and qpply, to such diseases and distempers respectively, in the same manner as if each and every the powers, directions, authorities, cdauses, matters, and things, in such acts respectively contained, relating to the disorder called P'he Plague were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act, and applied to such other diseases and distempers as aforesaid respectively.

V. And whereas by the said recited act of the twenty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, it is provided that every offence contrary to or in breach or violation of the said recited acts of the twenty-sixth year of his late Majesty's reign, and the twenty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, or any order or orders of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, to be made in his or their privy council touching or respecting quarantine, and notified by proclamation^ or pub lifted in the London Gazette, shall and may be tried, heard, and determined in any county within Great Britain, or in the proper courts of the fits of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, respectively: and whereas it is expedient that the like provision should be extended to all offences against any order of his Majesty in council, which his Majesty is by law empowered to make, for laying any embargo on any flips or vessels, or prohibiting the exportation of any goods, wares, or merchandize, or regulating the same; be it enacted, That every offence committed contrary to any order or orders of his Majesty in council laying council, which his Majesty is by law empowered to make, for an embargo laying any embargo on any ships or vessels, or prohibiting or on TfelS' or regulating the exportation of any goods, wares, or merchandizes, reguLtirip-^the orc^er or orders being notified by proclamation or published exportation of in the London Gazette, shall and may be tried, heard, and deter-goods, may be mined, in any courts within Great Britain, or in the proper

court*in Great courts t^ie^es Guernsey, Jerjiey, Alderney, Sark, or Man,

Britain or in respectively, notwithstanding such offences may have been com-GiJcrnfeyf&-c. rnitted at sea, not within the body of any county, or within the said isles respectively; and any persons or person who shall be ft) tried and convicted of any such offence, shall and may be punched for the same, by fine and imprisonment, at the discretion of the

court

Offences against any order in

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 3-3. 609

court in which such persons or person shall be so tried and convicted, and the notification of any such order by such proclamation or by such publication in the London Gazette, shall be deemed sufficient notice of such order to all persons bound to obey the same; and upon any trial for any such offence, the production of the London Gazette, containing any such proclamation or order, shall be sufficient evidence of such proclamation or order.

VI. And whereas the fraudulent importation of glass into this kingdom has of late very much increased, to the injury of the revenue

and of the fair trader, be it therefore enacted, That every package Packages containing any plate or plates of glass unframed, being plate containing glass, crown glass, or glass called Sheet Glass, which shall be im- g"afs\sport. ported into this kingdom, or which shall be brought into this c-d, to be kingdom for the purpose of exportation, shall be marked or marked stamped on the outside thereof, in roman letters not less than four inches in length, with the word " Glass and in case any such glass shall be so imported or brought for exportation, without having the outside package thereof marked or stamped as aforesaid, such glass, together with the package, and all goods, wares, or merchandize, contained therein, shall be forfeited.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the master or other per- Mailers of son having or taking the charge or command of every ship or vdfels to re-vessel in which any such glass shall be imported into this king-

dom, or brought for the purpose of exportation, shall, in the whicMbch report of his ship's cargo, express every package or packages in glass shall be which such glass shall be contained, as containing glass; and in imported, on case any package shall be found on board such ship or vessel con- lts

taining such glass, the contents of which shall not have been re- ancj iooi/ ported as glass, such package, together with the glass, shall be forfeited, and the master or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall forfeit one hundred pounds.

VIII. And be it further e.nacted, That no such glass shall be imported into this kingdom, or brought into the same for the purpose of exportation, in any package whatever, which shall not contain five hundred weight nett at leaf!: of such glass, under the penalty of the forfeiture thereof: provided always, That this act shall not extend to forfeit any plate or plates of glass being of the length of sixty inches or upwards, on account of the same not being imported, or brought in packages marked and described as aforesaid.

Such glass imported in packages not containing 5 cvvt, forfeited, but not to extend to plates 60 inches long.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this act, so far as the Commence-fame relates to the importation of glass, shall commence and take m^nt of act effect at the expiration of six calendar months after the passing thereof.

X. And whereas it. is expedient to permit coffee and cocoa ware-housed, on importation in one port of England, to be removed to some other port thereof for the greater convenience of exportation, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the commhfioners Comnpffion-of his Majesty's customs, or any four or more of them, (provided ma

they fee no reasonable objection thereto), to grant per million for permiTwTre

S s 4 the housed coffee

Commission-ei s of the customs may return duties on goods lost or destroyed before land-

610 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 33. [1797.

and cocoa to the removal of such coffee and cocoa from the port of importation iVomTl^ ort aS a^ore^a^5 to any other port in England, for the purpose of ex-of importa.° porting the same accordingly, under such rules, regulations, and

tion, in order restrictions, as the said corn mi (lionets, or any four or more of to the same them, shall think fit and proper to require, for the security of the being export- revenue.

XI. And whereas it is expedient that provision should he made for the repayment, under certain circumstances, of the duties of customs which have been or may be paid on goods imported into this kingdom, and which have been or may be lost or destroyed before the landing thereof; be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, in all cases where goods, wares, or merchandize, shall be lost or destroyed by unavoidable accident, after the duties of customs have been or may be paid for the same, and previous to the landing thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs, or any four or more of them, in that ft1 was by England, for the time being, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's unavoidable customs, or any three or more of them, in Scotland, for the time accident. being, and they are hereby required to return, in such manner as they shall respectively judge expedient, the amount of the said duties which shall have been paid before the pasting of this act, or may be paid at any time subsequent thereunto, ro the importers or proprietors of such goods; provided proof shall be made, to the satisfaction of the said of respectively, that such goods, wares, or merchandize, were lost or destroyed by unavoidable accident, and not from any want of due care or precaution on the part of the proprietor, or his or her agent, after the same were imported into and before the same were landed in Great Britain; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary not- Geo withstanding. c. 732, recited

XII. And whereas by an act, pojfed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making further provisions in regard to such vessels as are particularly described in an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual prevention of smuggling in this kingdom, and for extending the said act to other vessels and boats not particularly described therein, it is amongst other things enacted, That in case any of the vessels therein described shall be found beyond the limits prescribed in the licences granted by the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or of of the admiralty, for the time being, such vessels shall and 7nay be seized and prosecuted in the like manner as the same might be or would have been in case of no licence having been procured: and whereas the said act does not extend to cases where a vessel or beat is found within the limits of her licence, although engaged for or used, in a trade or employment not permitted or janftioned by such licence, be it enacted, That, from and after the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in case any cutter, lugger, shal-lop, wherry, Hoop, smack, or yawl, or any ship, vefieJ, or bo3t, for which there shall have been obtained from the lord high Obtained from ac^m, ra^ Qmt Britain, or the of of the admiralty, the admiralty, for the time being, a licence, limiting or Confining the navigation

of

From July 1 1798, any cutter, &c. for which licence shall have been

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 33. 61 x

of such cutter, lugger, shallop, wherry, Hoop, smack, or yaw), or used in any any ship, vessel, or boat, to any particular trade or employment, °^-her ^rac5^ and such cutter, lugger, shallop, wherry, (loop, smack, or yaw), {^enf-or any ship, vessel, or boat, shall be engaged for or used in any ed, may be other trade or employment whatever within the date of the l'eized. licence, such cutter, lugger, shallop, wherry, (loop, fm&ck, or yawl, or any. ship, vessel, or boat, (lvall and maybe seized and prosecuted in the same manner as (he might or would have been in case of no licence having been procured for her.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every cutter, Cutters, See. lugger, shallop, wherry, floop, smack, or yawl, and ail and every ship, vessel, or boat, which shall be seized by virtue or in pur- Gf, as dire<sted fuance of the said recited act or of this act, shall be disposed of, by the lafc and the produce thereof applied, in such and the like manner, and recited act. under such and the like rules, regulations, and restrictions, as vessels and boats forfeited by the said herein-before recited are directed to be disposed of, and the produce thereof applied.

XIV. And whereas it is expedient that wines which have been put on board any of his Majesty's [hips for the use of any admirals, captains, or commission officers, under the authority of an act pa fied in the thirty-third year of his Ma'jeflfs reign, should be allowed to be removed from one ship to another without such wines being first landed end warehoifed; be it therefore further enacted by the authority r aforesaid, That in all cases where any admiral, captain, or other The Tea ftodc commissioned officer, shall be desirous of removing his sea °ck offirerTof the of liquors from one ship to another, the proper officers of the naVy, may be customs shall, with the approbation of the commissioners of the removed from customs, or any four or more of them, permit the same to be one ffiip to transhipped accordingly, without payment of any duty whatever,

under the like rules, regulations, and restrictions, as are provided for the transfiipping of liquors by the said recited act.

XV. And whereas it is expedient that the drawback allowed by the said recited all should be extended to wines which may be delivered into the charge of the collector and comptroller of his MajeJWs customs

at Falmouth, in the same manner as at any of the ports particularly Drawback' on mentioned in the said act; be'it therefore enacted, That every whies in ports clause, matter, and thing, in the said recited act contained, relating enumerated to the allowance of the drawback on wines in any of the ports to°ex- therein enumerated, shall be and the same is hereby extended to tend to wines wines delivered into the charge of the collector and comptroller delivered into of his Majesty's-customs at the port of Falmouth, in the same^chargeof manner and under the same rules, regulations, restrictiens, penal- and rnp*0* ties, and forfeitures, as if the said port of Falmouth had been troller of the enumerated in the said recited a£L customs at

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Falmouth. That all forfeitures created and incurred by this act shall and Recovery and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in such

manner, and by such ways, means, and methods, as any forfeitures incurred for any offence against the laws of the customs may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, and the officer or officers concerned in seizures or prosecutions

under

6x2 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 34 — 36. [1797.

under this act, shall be entitled to and receive such {hare of the produce arising from the seizures as they are now by law entitled to upon prosecutions of seizures for unlawful importation.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for making compensation to the proprietors of certain lands and hereditaments purchased in pursuance of an act, made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for better securing his Majesty's batteries, and other works, in the counties of Kent and Devon; and to certain owners and occupiers of lands who have sustained any loss or damage in consequence of the said act.

[ April 5, 1798 ]

CAP. XXXV.

An act to continue several laws relating to the granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irish linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax, until June 24, 1799; to the permitting the exportation of tobacco pipe clay from this kingdom to the British sugar colonies or plantations in the West Indies, until June 24* 1802; to the allowing the importation of rape seed, and other feeds used for extracting oil, whenever the prices of middling British rape seed shall be above a certain limit, until June 1799 i to the further support and encouragement of the fisheries carried on in the Greenland leas and Davis's itreights, until Dec. 25,799»to the more effectual encouragement of the manufactures of flax and cotton in Great Britain, until June 24, 1799; to the ascertaining the strength of spirits by Clarke's hydrometer, until June 1, 1801; and so much of an act, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, rior better securing the duties on glass, as was to continue for a limited time, until July 5, 1799.

[April 5, 1798.]

Ad 29 Geo. 2. c. 15. continued until June 24, 1799. S° much of ad 37 Geo. 3. c. 43. as permits the exportation of tobacco pipe clay to the West Indies continued until June 245 1802. Ad 35 Geo. 3. c. 1x7. continued until June 24, 1799- Ad 26 Geo. 3. c. 41. and so much of ad 39 Geo. 3. c. 53. as relates to the fisheries carried on in the Greenland seas and Davis's streights, continued until Dec. 25, 1799- Ad 23 Geo. 3. c. 77. continued until June 24, 1799- So much of ad 27 Geo. 3. c. 31. as directs the ascertaining the strength of spirits by Clarke's hydrometer, continued until June 1, 1801. So much of ad 35 Geo. 3. c. 114. as was to have continuance until July 5, 1797, further continued until July 5, 1799.

CAP. XXXVI.

In att to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall suspefi are conspiring against his person and go* vernment.

[April 21, 1798.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS his Majesty's enemies are making preparations with confulerable and increasing activity for the invasion of his Majesty's dominions: and whereas these defgns are encouraged by the traitorous practices of wicked and difajfe.fied persons within this realm: therefore, for the better preservation of his Majestfs sacred person, and for securing the peace and the laws and liberties of this kingdom \ be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every person or persons that

are

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 36. 613

are or shall be in prison within the kingdom of Great Britain at Persons im-

or upon the day on which this act shall receive his Majesty's Pr^)ned for

royal afsent, or after, by warrant of his said Majesty's moll: ho-^maybe*

nourable privy council, signed by fix of the said privy council, detained till

for high treason, suspicion of high treason, or freasonable prac- Feb. i, 1799>

tices, or by warrant, signed by any of his Majesty's secretaries,

of state, for such causes as aforesaid, may be detained in safe

custody, without bail or mainprize, until the first day of Febru-

ary one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and that no

judge or justice of the peace shall bail or try any such person or persons so committed, without order from his said Majesty's

privy council, signed by fix of the said privy council, till the said first day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

nine; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the act made in Scotland in the year of our Lord one thou- Aft in Scot-sand seven hundred and one, (intituled An act for preventing b*ncl of r7?T* wrongous imprisonment> and a gain [I undue delays in trials J, in wrongous far as the same may be construed to relate to cases of treason and ^rifoifment, m suspicion of treason, be suspended until the said first day of Fe- so far as may bruary one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and th3t relate to trea-until the said day no judge, justice of peace, or other officer of^nde^til/*1*" the law in Scotland, shall liberate, try, or admit to bail, any per- 1, -1799, son or persons that is, are, or shall be, in prison within Scotland, See. for such causes as aforesaid, without order from his said Majesty's privy council, signed by fix of the said privy council.

III. Provided always, That, from and after the said first day From Feb. 1,

of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the commitTe^to said persons so committed shall have the benefit and advantage of have the be-all laws and statutes anyway relating to or providing for the li- nefic of all berty of the subjects of this realm; and that this present act jaws provid-shall continue until the said first day of February one thousand b of the'"'J seven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer. subject, See.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this pr; v; jeges cf aft shall be construed to extend to invalidate the ancient rights parliament not and privileges of parliament, or to the imprisonment or detain- invalidated by ing of any member of either house of parliament during the fit-

ting of such parliament, until the matter of which he stands suspected be first communicated to the house of which he is a member, and the consent of the said house obtained for his commitment or detaining.

V. Provided nevertheless, That any person or persons in pri- Persons

son at the time of passing this act, against whom any bill or bills against whom

of indictment for high treason have been already found, shall inftblnients

©^< p j'for inftn tt ea-

and may be tried on the said indictment, as it this act had never son are already-

passed. found, to be

tried thereon.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for raising the sum of seventeen millions by way of annuities* — [May 7, 1798.]

Aloft

Every contributor of iool. to be entitled to a principal of rool. and 50l. in the 3 per cent, confols; a principal of 50l. in the 3 per cent, reduced; and an annuity of 4s. nd. for 6r years and 5 months.

614 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 37. [1797.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, being ddirous to raise the necessary supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have resolved that the sum of seventeen millions be raised by annuities, in manner herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every contributor towards raising the said sum of seventeen millions shall, for every one hundred pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the principal sum of one hundred pounds, in consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and to an additional principal sum of fifty pounds in like annuities; and also to a further principal sum of fifty pounds in reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament; the said several consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per ceniutn per annum, to commence from the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and the said reduced annuity, after the rate of three pounds per. centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and shall also be entitled in respetf of every such one hundred pounds so contributed, to a further annuity of four shillings and eleven-pence, to continue for a certain term of sixty-one years and nine months from the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and then to cease; and that the said consolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, and the said reduced annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum respectively, and of four shillings and eleven-pence in respetft of each one hundred pounds so to be contributed as aforesaid, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon and made payable out of, the consolidated fund, and shall be payable and transferable at the bank of England; and the said consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, shall be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year; and the said reduced annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, shall be paid half-yearly, on the tenth day of October and the fifth day of April in every year; and the said annuity of four shillings and eleven-pence, to continue for a certain term of sixty*one years and nine months from the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, and then to cease, shall be paid half-yearly on the tenth day of October and the fifth day of April in every year.

II. And whereas^ pursuant to and upon the terms and conditions: expressed in the said resolution, several persons have, in books opened at the bank of England for that purpose, subscribed together the 5*whole

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 37. 615

whole of the said sum of sevenieen millions to, he raised by annuities; and made deposits of ten pounds per centum on the respective sums by them so subscribed to the said. sum of sevenieen millions to be raised by annuities, with the cashiers of the governor and company of the hank of England; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such contributors, who have made such de- macje dep0fits posits with the cashier or cashiers of the governor and company to pay there-o fthe bank of England, (which cashier or cashiers is and are mainder of hereby appointed the receiver and receivers of such contributions, without any other warrant to be had in that behalf), to m'ents# advance and pay unto the said cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, the several remainders of the sums by them respectively subscribed towards the said sum of seventeen millions, at or before the respective days and times, and in the proportions herein after limited and appointed in that behalf; (that is to say), The further sum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-third day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-second day of June then next following; the further sum of fifteen pounds per cen-tumy on or before the twentieth day of July then next following; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-third day of August then next following; the further sum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-first day of September then next following; the further sum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-third day of October then next following; and the remaining sum of ten pounds per cen-turn, on or before the twenty-third day of November then next following.

III. And be it further enacted, That every exchequer bill Exchequer or bills made out by virtue of an act passed in the la ft session

of parliament, intituled An act for raising the sum of eighteen Geo. 3. millions by way of annuities, not exceeding in the whole the sum c. 10. and of four hundred and ninety one thousand five hundred pounds; c. 144. notex-or by virtue of another a<4, passed in the last session of parlia- tain^amount1" ment, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum to received of money out of the consolidated fund, and for applying certain mo- as cash. hies therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven; for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders.) or other orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, not exceeding in the whole the amount of five hundred thousand pounds, which shall have been delivered to the cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company, shall be considered as cash paid for the purpose of the said annuities, and shall be placed by such cashier or cashiers to the account of the deposit made by virtue of this act, towards raising the said sum of seventeen millions, and to the credit of the contributor or contributors paying or delivering the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every contributor who shall the same on account of the installments herein specified, &c.

616 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 37. [1797.

Contributors shall be possessed of any exchequer bill or bills, made out by ex^e^uer^ v'rtue of an act of the present session of parliament, intituled, bills issued urv- act for raising a further fuiti of money by loans or exchequer bills,

der 38 Geo. 3.the service of the year one thousatid seven hundred and ninety-c. 20. and eight, and which are contained in the Ichedule hereunto annexed, schedu^es A mar^ecl A, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one million and B. annex- two hundred thousand pounds, shall be at liberty to pay or deed, may pay liver in the same on account of the instalment which shall become due by virtue of this act, on the twenty-third day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or who shall be possessed of any exchequer bill or bills made out by virtue of the said last mentioned a£V, and which are contained in the schedule hereunto annexed, marked B, not exceedirlg in the whole the sum of one million eight hundred thousand pounds, shall be at liberty to pay or deliver in the same on account of the instalment which shall become due by virtue of this act, on the twenty-second day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and if it shall happen that the said exchequer bills, amounting to one million two hundred thousand pounds, and one million eight hundred thousand pounds respectively, shall not be paid in on the second or third instalments of the loan on the days hereinbefore mentioned, it shall and maybe lawful for the lords of of his Majesty's treasury to satisfy the said bills, or such part thereof, as shall not be so paid in, in ready money, within seven days after the days respectively fixed for the said instalments.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law-

tbrm^rt01*6 ^or any guar^, an or trustee, having the disposition of the mo-

r d 1 ney of any infant, to contribute and pay for or towards advancing the said (urn of seventeen millions, to be raised by annuities in manner aforesaid; and such infant, upon the payment of such sum or sums subscribed by such guardian or trustee, shall become a contributor within the meaning of this act, and be entitled to have and receive the annuities, advantages, and payments, in respect: thereof, in such and the like manner as any other contributor; and the said guardian and trustee, as to the said sum or sums so advanced, is hereby discharged, so as the name of such infant be expressed in the receipt or receipts for such money.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every contributor paying in the whole of the sums by them respectively subscribed in respect of the said sum of seventeen millions to be contributed as aforesaid, at any time on or before the twenty-second day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall be entitled to an allowance of so much money as the interest of each sum so paid in advance for completing his, her, or their contribution respectively shall amount unto, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum from the day of completing the same, to the twenty-third day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; which allowance is to be paid by the said cashier or cashiers out of the money to be contributed in pursuance of this act, as soon as such respective contributors,

their

Guardians

Discount to be allowed on payment of the whole of the subserip-tions in advance.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 37. 617

their executors, administrators* successors, and assigns, shall have, completed such pay.rent.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the several subscribers Contributors or contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and Certain an°nui* assigns, in respect of the said sum of seventeen millions, shall belies, which entitled to an annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, shall be paid for every one hundred pounds by him, her, or them respectively half-yearly, advanced and paid; and also to an annuity, after the like rate °ff^bfcHpdons three pounds per centum, in respect of the said additional princi- are complet-pal sum of fifty pounds, to commence from the fifth day of Ja- ed.

nuary one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, until redemption by parliament in manner herein after mentioned; and shall also be entitled in respect of every such one hundred pounds so advanced and paid to a further annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, in respect of the additional principal sum of fifty pounds, from the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, until redemption by parliament in manner herein after mentioned; and shall also be entitled in respect of every such one hundred pounds so advanced and paid, to a further annuity of four shillings and eleven-pence, to continue for the term of sixty-one years and nine months, from the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and then to cease; which said respective annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, and of three pounds per centum reflectively, and of four shillings and eleven-pence, shall be payable and paid, half-yearly, by even and equal portions; (that is to say), The said consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January, in every year; and the said reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the tenth day of October and the fifth day of April, in every year; and the said annuity of four shillings and eleven-pence, on the said tenth day of October and the said fifth day of April, in every year; the first payment upon the said consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, to be due on the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and on the said reduced annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and on the said annuity of four shillings and eleven-pence, on the said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; but shall not-be payable until the respective subscribers or contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, or alsigns, shall have completed the whole of the sums by them subsertbed for the purchase of the said annuities.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as any contri- As soon as butors, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, ^e^om^let-shall have completed their payments of such part of the whole ecj, they may sum payable by them respectively towards the said sum of seven- be transferred, teen millions, as shall be payable in respect of the several consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, to

which they respectively shall become entitled, in respect of such

subscriptdonsj

6i8

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 37. [1797.

subscriptions, the principal sum or sums in the said consolidated annuities shall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of such respective contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, completing1 such payments respectively; and as soon as such contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, or a digits, shall have completed the payments of such part of the whole sum payable by them respectively towards the said sum of seventeen millions, as shall be payable in respect of the said reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, or any part thereof, or of the annuities of four shillings and eleven-pence, or of any or either of them, the respective principal sums or annuities shall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of such respective contributors, ' their respective successors, executors, administrators, and assigns, completing such respective payments; and the persons to whole credit such principal sums shall be so placed, their respective executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall and may have power to assign -arid transfer the same, or any part, share, or proportion thereof, to any other person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, in the books of the bank of England; and the said governor and company of the bank of England are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this act, to prepare proper books for the purpose of entering the names of all such contributors, and of placing to their credit the principal sums so, paid by them respectively; and that such of the said contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, who shall complete the payments of such parts of the whole sum payable by them respectively, towards the said sum of seventeen millions, as shall be payable in respeCb of any or either of the said respective annuities, at any time before the governor and company of the bank of England shall have prepared their receipts according to the directions of this aeft, shall be entitled to have the sums so paid forthwith placed to their credit in the books of the bank of England; and the said governor and company are hereby required to cause such sums to be forthwith placed to the credit of the persons entitled to the annuities in respect thereof, in the books of the said bank of England; and such entries in the said books shall be in lieu of the receipts hereby directed to be given for all sums paid in manner aforesaid; and such sums shall carry the consolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and the said reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, respectively, redeemable by parliament; and the annuity of four shillings and eleven-pence per annum, for sixty-one years and nine months, and then to cease; and shall respectively be taken and deemed to be stock transferrable according to the true intent and meaning of this act, until redemption of all the said annuities, after the rate cf three pounds per centum per annum, in such manner as is herein after mentioned, and until the determination of the said annuity of four shillings and eleven-pence per annum, at the expiration of the said period of sixty-one years and nine months.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 37. 619

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and Contributors

every such contributor or cpntributors, his, her, or their execu- ^Qi^of^beir

tors, administrators, and assigns, who Hial have paid into the subscriptions

hands of the said cashier or cashiers the whole of his, her, or as herein spe-

their contribution money, on or before the second day of

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall be ent

/ o' _ nuities at cer-

to have and receive, on the fifth day of July one thousand seven ta^n p£ri0ds.

hundred and ninety-eight, at the bank of England, the half-year's annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, that shall become due on the said fifth day of July out thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and that all and every person or persons who shall have completed the whole of his, her, or their said payment or payments on or before the seventh day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall be entitled on the day next ensuing on which any dividend shall become due by virtue of this act, to receive the half-year's annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, or four shillings and elevenpence, or either of them, which by virtue of this act 'shall become due on such day, or shall have become due at any day preceding, and shall not have been paid by virtue of this act; and that all and every person or persons who shall not have completed the whole of their said payments on or before the said seventh day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall, on completing the same within the time in this act prescribed, be entitled to receive the whole of one year's annuity on each of the said several annuities by this act granted, or to be granted, from the fifth day of January and the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight respectively as the same shall become due, according to the true intent and meaning of this a£L

X. And be it further enacted, That all the annuities aforesaid Annuities shall be payable and paid, and be transferrable, at the bank of England; and as to the said consolidated annuities of three pounds ^the^ank^ per centum, and the said reduced annuities of three pounds per

centum respectively, shall be subject to such redemption as is herein after mentioned.

XI. And, for the more easy and Jure payment of all the several annuities established by this act, be it further enacted, That Bank to ap-the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors, shall from time to time, until all the said annuities ant Renerai shall be redeemed or determined, appoint and employ one or and the trea-more sufficient person or persons, within their office in the city fury to order of London, to be their chief or first cashier or cashiers, and one other sufficient person, within the same office, to be their ac- ca^er for countant general; and that so much of the monies by this act payment of appropriated for the purpose, as shall be sufficient from time to the annuities, time to answer the said several and respective annuities, and other payments, herein directed to be made out of the said monies, shall, by order of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, without any further warrant, to be sued for, had, or obtained in that Voi. XLI. Tt behalf.

July cihed, to be itled entitIed to an'

620 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 37. [1797.

behalf, from time to time, at the respective days of payment in this act appointed for payment thereof, be issued and paid at the receipt of the exchequer to the said first or chief cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, 'and their successors, for the time being, by way of imprest and upon account, for the payment of the said several and respective annuities payable by virtue of this 3d; and that such cashier or cashiers, to whom the said money shall from time to time be issued, shall from time to time, without delay, pay the same accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof, according to the due course of the exchequer; and that the said accountant, general for the time being shall from time to time insped and examine all receipts and payments of the said cashier or cashiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, who shall have received, or shall receive, any part of the said contributions towards the said sum of seventeen millions, shall give a ed before Ot\. receipt or receipts in writing to every such contributor for all zi, i?98. such sums; and that the receipts to be given shall be assignable, by indorsement thereupon made, at any time before the twenty-second day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-Cashier to eight, and no longer: provided always, That such cashier or give ^curity^ cashiers shall give security to the good liking of any three or moneyhe re- rnore the of of the treasury, or the high treasurer ceives into the for the time being, for duly answering and paying into the re-

Cashier to give receipts ior subserip-tions, which may be assign

exchequer.

A book to be kept in the accountant general's-office, for entering conlri-

ceipt of his Majesty's exchequer, for the publick use, all the monies which they have already received, and shall hereafter receive, from time to time, of and for the said sum of seventeen millions, and for accounting duly for the same, and for performance of the trust hereby in them reposed, and shall from time to time pay all such monies as soon as he or they shall receive the same, or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards at the far theft, into and shall account for the same in the exchequer, according to the due course thereof, deducting the reout such sums as shall have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this act, for which sums so paid allowance shall be made in his or their accounts.

XIII. And be it enacted, That in the office of the accountant general of the governor and company of the bank of England for the time being, a book or books shall be provided and kept, in which the names of the contributors shall be fairly entered; which book or books the said respective contributors.

hutors names, their respetflive executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, whereorto be mayrorn time to time, and at all seasonable times, re-

transmitted to ft>rt to and inspect without any fee or charge; and that the said the auditor accountant general shall, on or before the fifth day of July one of the txche- thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, transmit an attested ^uer' duplicate^ fairly written on paper, of the said book or books into

the

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 37. 621

the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That such contributors, ^ltn^u.^ora duly paying the whole sum so subscribed at or before the respect then-subscrip-tive times in this act limited in that behalf, and their respective tions, entitled executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall have, re-to annuities ceive, and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this act to have, tax tree> receive, and enjoy, the said several annuities, by this act granted

in respect of the sum so subscribed, out of the monies granted and appropriated in this session of parliament for payment thereof, and shall have good and sure interests and estates therein, according to the several provisions in this act contained, as well in respect of the said transferrable annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and of three pounds per centum per annum respectively, as of four shillings and eleven-pence per annum, payable and transferrable at the bank of England; and that the said several annuities shall be free from all taxes, charges, and impositions whatsoever,

XV. Provided always, That in case any such contributors'Subscriptions who have already denofited with or shall hereafter pay to the said pa, d 111 part'

n.n 1 r' r r \ i and UOt COTO-

cashier or caimers any sum or lums of money at the time and m pieted, to be the manner herein-before mentioned, in part of the sum or sums forfeited, so by them respectively subscribed, or their respective executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, shall not advance and pay to the said cashier or cashiers, the residue of the sum or sums so subscribed at the times and in the manner before-mentioned, then and in every such case so much of the respective sum or sums so subscribed, as shall have been actually paid in part thereof to the said cashier or cashiers, shall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick, and all right and title to the said annuities after the rate of three pounds centum per annum, and of three pounds per centum per annum respectively, and of four shillings and elevenpence per annum in respect thereof shall be extinguished\ any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all persons who shall to

be entitled to any of the annuities hereby granted in respect of personajC the said seventeen millions, and all persons lawfully claiming estate. under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a personal estate,

which shall not be descendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London, or otherwise; any law, statute, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Treasury lawful for three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or pai(j jntp the high treasurer for the time being, to issue and apply from the exche-time to time all such sums of money as shall be so paid into the quer. receipt of his Majesty's exchequer by the said cashier or cashiers,

to such services as shall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain in this present session of parliament.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That books shall be con- Accountant starttly kept by the said accountant general for the time being, wherein all alignments or transfers of all sums advanced or con- for entering

T T % tributed transfers.

Stock may be devised.

622. Anno regni tricesimo octavo GEORGII III. c. 37. [1797.

tributed towards the said Turn of seventeen millions, shall be entered and registered; which entry shall be conceived in proper Words for that purpose, and shall be signed by the parties making such alignments or transfers, or if such parties be absent, by their respective attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorised, in writing under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to be attested by two or more credible witnesses; and that the several persons to whom such transfers shall be made, shall respectively underwrite their acceptance thereof, and that no other method of aligning and transferring the said annuities, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good or available in hw: provided always, That all persons possessed of any share or interest in either of the said flocks of annuities, or any estate or interest therein, may devise the same by will, in writing, attested by two or more credible witnesses; but that no payment shall be made upon any such devise, until so much of the said will as relates to such share, estate, or interest in the said flocks of annuities be entered in the said office; and that in default of such transfer or devise, such share, estate, or interest, in the said stocks of annuities, shall go to the executors, admi-Transfersnot nistrators, successors, and assigns; and that no stamp duties duties^0^arn^ whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said transfers; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Treasury roay

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That out dtmaUxd- of the monies arising from the contributions towards raising the pences out of^um seventeen millions by annuities, any three or more contributions, of the commissioners of the treasury, of the high treasurer for and allow the time being, shall have power to discharge all such incident

caJdherand^ c^aroes as necessarily attend the execution of this act, in

accountant such manner as to them shall seem just and reasonable; and also general, to settle and appoint such allowances as shall be thought proper for the service, pains, and labour, of the said cashier or cashiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said contributions; and also shall have power to make, out of the consolidated fund, such further allowances as shall be judged reasonable for the service, pains, and labour of the said cashier or cashiers for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annuities payable by virtue of this act; and also for the service, pains, and labour of the said accountant general, for performing the trust reposed in him by this aeft; all which allowances to be made as aforesaid, in respect of the service, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the said governor and company, shall be for the use and benefit of the said governor and company, and at their disposal only.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all the monies to which any person or persons shall become entitled by virtue o( this abi, in respect of any sum advanced or contributed towards the said sum of seventeen millions, on which the said annuities first mentioned, after the rate of three pounds per centum pir annum, shall be attending, shall be added to the joint stock of annuities transferrable at the bank of England, into which the several sums

carrying

The 3l. per cent coufofc. under this act to be added to the joint (Utck or 31. percent, conibis.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 37. 623

carrying an interest after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, were by several acts made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-second, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and by several subsequent acts consolidated, and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities, subject nevertheless to redemption by parliament, in such manner, and upon such notice as in the said act made in the twenty-fifth year of his said late Majesty's reign, is directed in respect of the several and respective annuities redeemable by virtue of the said act; and that all and every person and persons and corporations whatsoever, in pro- portion to the money to which he, fihe, or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this act, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional interest and share in the said joint stock of annuities at the rates aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all the monies to The 3l. per which any person or persons shall become entitled by virtue of cent reduced this act, in respect of any sum advanced or contributed towards^the^int the said sum of seventeen millions on which, the said annuity last p-oek of 3l. mentioned, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, per cent, re-shall be attending, shall be added to the joint stock of annuities duced. transferable at the bank of England, which by an act made in

the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty, were re-? duced from four pounds per centum per annum, to three pounds per centum per annum, and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities, subject nevertheless to redemption by parliament, in such manner and upon such notice as in the several acts by which the said annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum were respectively granted, are directed in respect of the annuities redeemable by virtue thereof, and that all ancj every person and persons, and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he, she, or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this act, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional interest and share in the said joint stock of annuities at the rate aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all the said annuities Annuities of after the rate of four shillings and eleven-pence per annum, to ^ed^torhe6 continue for a certain term of sixty-one years and nine months, joint annuities from the fifth day of Jpril one thousand seven hundred and granted for ninety-eight and then to cease, to which any person or persons, 99 and 98 bodies politick and corporate, shall be entitled by virtue of this >'ears*

3(fl, in respect of any sum or sums of money, advanced or contributed towards raising the said lum of seventeen millions as aforesaid, shall be added to and made qne joint stock, with cei> tain annuities, which, by two acts made in the first and second years of the reign of his present I\dajessy, were granted and made payable at the bank of England for the respective terms of ninety-nine years and ninety-eight years, from the fifth days of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty-one, and one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two respectvely, and then to £ease, and which said respective annuities were consolidated and

T T 3 made

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 37. [1797.

made one joint stock of annuities, by divers acts made in the reign of his present Majesty, and shall be paid, payable, and transferable at the same time and times, and in like manner with the said annuities granted by the said acts; and so much money thf^act to be ^rom t^me to time continue to be set apart and issued at the p iid out of receipt of the exchequer, to the said cashier or cashiers of the the consolida- bank of England, as shall be sufficient to satisfy and pay so much ted fund. Gf the said annuities after the respective rates of three pounds per centum per annum, of three pounds per centum per annum, and the annuities hereby granted to continue for a certain term of sixty-one years and nine months, from the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and then to cease, together with the charges attending the same, out of the consolidated fund; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Perfor>6 court-

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per-cei^s'for^ sons forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged

contributions, or counterfeited, or shall willingly act or assist in the forging or &c. guilty of counterfeiting any receipt or receipts for the whole of; or any felony. part or parts of, the said contributions towards the said sum

of seventeen millions, either with or without the name or names of any person or persons being inserted therein, as the contributor or contributors thereto, or payer or payers thereof, or of any part or parts thereof, or shall alter any number, figure, or word therein, or utter or publish, as true, any such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts, with intent to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever, every such person or persons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly acting or afiiiling in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

Bank to con-

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the tinue a cor- said governor and company of the bank of England, and their the Annuities ^ucce^ors^ notwithstanding the redemption of all or any of their hereby grant- own funds, in pursuance of the acts for establishing the same, or ed cease. any of them, shall continue a corporation for the purposes of this act, until all the annuities by this act granted shall be redeemed by parliament or shall cease as aforesaid; and that the said governor and company of the bank of England., or any member thereof, shall not incur any disabiljry for or by reason of their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this act.

No fee to be

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no fee, reward, or taken for re- gratuity whatsoever shall be demanded p.r taken of any of his tHbmfon^or Majesty's subjects, for receiving or paying the said subscription paying or*or contribution monies, or any of them, or for any receipt con-transterring' terning the same, or for paying the said annuities, or any of annuities, on them, or for any transfer of any sum, great or small, to be made penalty of zoh in pursuance of this act, upon pain that any officer or person of-

1; fending.

Annuities

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii IN. c. 37. 625

fending, by taking or demanding any such fee, reward, or gratuity, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full costs of suit, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of, law, injunction or order of refyraint, or any more than one imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

XXVI. And whereas the governor and company of the hank of England, in pursuance of an act of the present session of parliament, intituled An act for raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, have advanced, for the service of the Bank may re-publick, on the exchequer bills issued under the authority of the said tain, in the act, the sum of three millions, to be payable, at certain periods therein mentioned> out of any future loan; be it therefore enacted, That the^ qCL0^0o0]^ the sum of one million shall and may be retained by the said go- advanced on verner and company of the bank of England, out of each of the exchequer respective payments herein directed to be made, in the months hilis issued by of July, August, and September; any thing herein contained to 3 g eo* 3* the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons sued persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any thing maY P, e?i!the done by virtue or in pursuance of this a#, such person or per- Senera 1 ue % fons shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or defences, and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble Treble costs. costs awarded to him, her, or them, against any such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

SCHEDULES to which this act refers.

SCHEDULE A.

Second instalment.

No. i. to No. 900. £. 1,000 bills — 900, 000

No. to No. 600. £. 500 bills — 300, 000

£. 1, 200, 000

SCHEDULE B, --

Third instalment,

No. 901. to No. 2, 250. £. 1,000 bills^1, 350, 000 No, 601, to No. 1, 500. £. 5°a bills — 450, 000

£ 1, 800, 000

"-C-A P.

T T 4

6i6 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38. [1797.

[Preamble.]

Order in council, dated Aug. 6, 1794.

Order in council, dated March 30, 3798.

Proceedings under the said orders upon appeals from sentences in the West Indies, or the Bermuda or Bahama Islands to be valid; but in appeals permitted under them, after the ordinary

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for declaring the validity of two orders in council, dated the sixth day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety -four, and the thirtieth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and for enlarging the time of appealing in prize causes \ and for permitting appeals to be prosecuted after such time shall have elapsed, in such special causes as his Majesty, by any order in council\ shall authorse, — [May 7, 1798.]

WHEREAS an order was made on the sixth day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, by his Majesty in council, in the words or to the effect following; that is to say, €c Whereas, in many of his Majesty's vice admiralty courts in the West Indies, sentences of condemnation have puffed against ships and goods belonging to the subjects of the united fates of America: and whereas, from ignorance of the rides respecting the times for appealing, or from inability to find the security required, or from other just and reasonable impediments, the claimants have been prevented from duly entering and prosecuting their appeals from the said sentences: and whereas, it hath been represented to his Majesty on their behalf that they are desirous of entering and prosecuting the same, his Majesty is thereupon pleased, by and with the advice of his privy counci/, to order, and it is hereby ordered, that the said parties shall be admitted to their respective appeals, notwithstanding the ordinary time for entering and prosecuting the same may be elapsed, provided the same are entered and prosecuted within a reasonable time, to be approved by the lords of of appeals in prize causes and whereas doubts have been lately entertained respecting the validity of the said order: and whereas it is expedient that such doubts should be removed: and whereas an order was made by his Majesty in council on the thirtieth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty declaring, that it was his royal intention in the former order that appeals from sentences given in the vice admiralty courts of Bermuda and the Bahama Islands, should be permitted under the authority thereof and that parties complaining of sentences given in those courts should be entitled to the full benefit of the said order; be it therefore declared and enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said orders, and all proceedings duly had or to be had, according to and under the authority of the said orders, upon appeals from sentences given in the vice admiralty couris in the West Indies, or in the Bermuda or Bahama /funds, shall be, and be deemed and taken to be, and to have been respectively legal and valid in the law, to all intents and purposes: provided nevertheless, That in all cases in which appeals shall have been permitted under the authority of the said orders, or shall hereafter be permitted under the authority thereof, or of this act, to be interposed after the ordinary time or times of appealing, as the same were established

by

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 3$. 7

by law previous to the said orders, had been or shall be elapsed, times of ap-and in which it shall appear to the satisfaction of the lords com - 11 rave

missioners of appeals in prize causes, appointed or to be appointed, beeiTffiftri-that distribution of the proceeds of the prize to which the appeal buted previ-relates had been made before publication of the said former order, ous to publi* and notice of an intended application for an appeal, under the authority of the same, was duly given to the captors, the said der the

captors shall not be compelled or compeliable, by virtue of the captore not said orders or of this act, to make any compensation to the compellable claimants in case the sentences or decrees of condemnation shall to ake combe reversed or varied; but it shall be competent to such caprors, 1>e'n, l lon' '*in all such cases respectively to plead and prove, by affidavits or otherwise as shall be allowed by the court, such distribution, in bar of any monition to bring in the proceeds of the prize, or of any other proceeding which may be had to compel them to satisfy the claimants after such reversal or variation of such sentence or decree; and such proof being so made shall be and be allowed to be an effectual bar accordingly.

II. And whereas it is found expedient that the space of twelve months, being the space of time allowed by the civil law, and by the general law of nations for that purpose, should be generally allowed for the prosecution of appeals in all cases of prize causes; be it therefore further enacted, notwithstanding any law to the contrary,

That it shall and may be lawful in all causes of prize, where a

sentence or decree has been given, or shall hereafter be given, profecJlte ap_

to or for all persons interested, whether parties or not in the first peals may be

instance, and in whatever court the sentence or decree has been taken out

given or shall be given, to take out an inhibition and prosecute*

an appeal within twelve calendar months, to be computed from date of de-

the day of the date of such sentence or decree appealed from: cree:

provided nevertheless. That in all cases where sentences and de- but where

crees have already been given or pronounced, and in which no decrees have

appeal having been inter po'fed by any person who was a party in ^een aheady

the first instance, within nine months from the date of the fen- 'JV00

'. rr, appeal inter-

tenee or decree, nor any notice given or men appeal, a distribu- posed within

tion of the proceeds had taken place, the captors shall not be nine months, compelled or compellable to make compensation to the claimants, &c* t^ie caP-in case the said sentences or decrees of condemnation shall be pehVble reversed or varied, on the said captors giving proof, to be allowed make comas aforesaid, of the distribution of the proceeds having been made, pensation, Sec* which shall be an effectual bar to the said claimants as hereinbefore enacted.

III. And whereas it is expedient that in special cases the time of appealing from fitch sentences or decrees should be further enlarged; be it therefore enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by his or their order His Majesty in

or orders in council, in such special causes of prize as in such council may

order or orders respectively shall be mentioned, may authorise, and shall have full power to authorise, any persons interested, prosecute ap-

whether parties or not parties in the first instance, in such causes, peals to be

and in whatever court the sentence or decree shall have been taken out af- ' given ter expiration

628 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 39. [1797.

of 12 months; given or pronounced before the passing of this act, or shall here-a^ter be given or pronounced, to take out an inhibition and pro-ddtribution of ^ecute an aPPea^ at any time notwithstanding such space of prizes had twelve months as aforesaid shall have previously expired: pro-been made at vided nevertheless. That in all cases in which his Majesty, his tirre^of beirs or hiccessors, shall, by such order, give such authority as

peahn^ would a^ore^aid, and in which it shall appear to the satisfaction of the have been lords of of appeals in prize causes, that distribution barred, Sec, has been made of the proceeds of the prizes at or after the time not to or t*mes w^en ri*ght appealing would have been barred if nvdecora-0 no bich orc^er had been made, and before notice of such order pensation. duly given to the captors, the said captors duly conforming to the regulations herein after required, the same shall be an effectual bar to their making compensation to the claimants as here-in-before enabled.

When his

IV. And be it further erracted, That in all such special cases

a^ufliorise^n his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall authorise

appeals, the any Persons interested to appeal from any sentence or decree after

captors, on the space of twelve months shall have elapsed from the date of

requisition of such sentence or decree, and after a distribution of the proceeds

claimants, to has been made, the captors, being required by the claimants, deliver cODies97 o*j

of account of shall deliver over, within a reasonable time, a true copy of the

Tales, 8cc. to account of sales, and of all proceedings had under the authority

the procura- of the sentence or decree of the court below, to his Majesty's

whtflhalTde Procurator general, who is hereby authorised and required to

fend the ap-" defend the said appeals in all such cases, and in such manner as

peals, &c. his Majesty's advocate general shall direct; and in case the cap-

Captors neg- tors shall neglect or refuse to deliver over such copy, within a

kding to de- reasonable time, as aforesaid, or to obey such further order as

liver such co- the lords of of appeals in prize causes may deem

obey the order necessary to make for the furtherance of justice, they shall forfeit

of the com- ah claim to any benefit or discharge under the provisions of this

mi (boners of ad, and be liable to be proceeded against in such manner as if

appeals, to the appeal had been duly entered within twelve months from the

n°fifof thi$C" l*me such sentence or decree in the court below.

ad,

CAP. XXXIX.

An act to amend an act passed in the twenty -sevent h year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, in the ports of King/Ion, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the island of Jamaica, in the port of Saint George, in the island of Grenada, in the port, of Roseau, in the island of Dominica, and in the port of Naffauy in the island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain regulations and restricHons.

[May 7, 1798.]

[Preamble.]

27 Geo. 3. c. 27.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the twenty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, in the ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mary Mon-

teg a

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 3-9. 629

tego Bay, and 5^77^ Lucea, in the island of Jamaica, in the port of George in the island of Grenada, in the port

of Roseau in the island of Dominica, and in the port of Nassau in the island of Neiu Providence, -one of the Bahama Islands, under certain regulations and restrictions, /V zV amongst other things enacted, That no goods or commodities whatever of the growth, pro-dilution, or manufacture of Europe, or the East: Indies, or other places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, shall, upon any pretence whatever, ^exported from the ifands of Grenada or Dominica, or from the Bahama Elands, to any other British colony or plantation in America or the West Indies, upon pain of the forfeiture in the said act mentioned: and whereas it; is expedient, that goods and commodities of the manufacture of Europe should be permitted to be exported from the said isands, to any British colony or plantation in Of

America or the West Indies; be it therefore enacted by the King's European nn-most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of nufadturemay the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present exported in parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, Q^ed ^JcS from and after the passing of this act, it shall be lawful to export, navigated ac-in any British ship or vessel owned and navigated according to cording to law, from the islands of Grenada, Dominica, Antigua, and Tri-rt>m, nidad, or from the Bahama Isands, to any British colony or plantation in America or the West Indies, any goods or commo- colony in dities whatever of the manufacture of Europe; any thing in the America or said act, or any other act, to the contrary in anywise notwith- the {landing.'I, dles5

II. And be it further enacted and declared, That it shall be as also any lawful to export in British ships, owned and navigated accord- £oods im-ing 'to law, from the islands of Grenada, Dominica, Jamaica, ^Antigua, and Trinidad\ or from the Bahama Isands, to any islands from British colony or plantation in America or the IVef Indies, any any colony in goods, wares, or merchandize which shall have been legally America be-imported into any of the said islands of Grenada, Dominica, Ja- any Sfofej.?ii maica, Antigua, Trinidad, or the Bahama Isands, from any of European the colonies or plantations in America belonging to or under the date, dominion of any foreign European sovereign or date.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any In case of doubt shall arise whether such goods, wares, or merchandize, doubt, the intended to be so exported, shall have been legally imported in- ?ega^ty^to the said islands of Grenada, Dominica, Jamaica, Antigua, or to bc proved Trinidad, or into the Bahama Ifands respectively, the legality of before expor-such importation shall be made appear to the satisfaction of the tation ot collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of the cuf- g°ocis* toms at the port of exportation, before such goods, wares, or merchandize, shall be fufrered to be shipped for exportation.

CAP. XL.

An act for repealing the duties on houses, windows, and lights, on inhabited houses, and on clocks and watches; and for granting to his Majesty other duties on houses, windows, and lights, and on inhabited houses, in lieu thereof — [May xo, 1798.]

Most

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 40. [1797.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the charging separately the several rates and duties payable upon houses, windows, or lights, and upon inhabited houses, and the additional rates upon the amount there-of has been found inconvenient; and it is expedient that the said several rates and duties, and also the duties on clocks and watches, should be repealed, and other duties granted in lieu thereof: we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present From April 5, parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Thar, from and after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred term of and ninety-eight, in that part of Great Britain called England, Whitsunday and from and after the term of Whitsunday one thousand seven 179S, in Scot- hundred and ninety-eight, in that part of Great Britain called ti^on houfbs Scotland, all and singular the rates and duties upon houses, win-windows or*dows, or lights respectively granted by the several abls made in lights; granted the sixth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-seventh years of the reign by 6, 24, and of his present Majesty, and also the rates and duties upon inha-

on houses ^ited houses, granted by an abt passed in the nineteenth year of

Geo°-.eand9 rc^gn of his present Majesty, and also the additional rates and the additional duties charged by several acts upon the amount of the said rates duties upon and duties, and also the rates and duties on clocks and watches, thereof0 and Srante<^ by an of the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his dhe dudes on Pre^ent Majesty, shall severally cease and determine; save and docks and except in all cases relating to the demanding, recovering, rewatches, ceiving, or paying any arrears thereof respectively, which may,

Geo. to 37 °n day ^fPr^ one thousand seven hundred and

ctaie^' ninety-eight, and the term of Whitsunday one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in England and Scotland respectively,

remain unpaid, or any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and the term of Whitsunday one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, respectively as aforesaid; save also and except the additional rates and duties granted by an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty an aid and contribution for the profccuiion of the war. and in lieu

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said defies mthe ^frh day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, annexed febe- in England, and from and after the term of Whitsunday one thou-dules to be sand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in Scotland, in lieu and

levied. 4 instead of the said rates and duties by this a cl repealed, there shall be assessed, raised, levied, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon houses, windows, and lights, and upon inhabited houses, the several rates and duties respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the several

schedules,

T30

[Preamble.]

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 40. 631

schedules marked A. and B. hereunto annexed; which several schedules, and the rules therein contained, shall be deemed and construed a part of this act, as if the same were incorporated therewith.

III. And be it further enacted, That every afteftrnent to be Aff=flments to made by virtue of this act in England shall be in force for one he made for a whole year, from the fifth day of April in the year in which the charged upon same shall be made; and every such assessment to be made in the occupiers. Scotland, shall be in force for one whole year, from the term of Whitsunday in the year in which the same shall be made; and the

duties to be levied upon any such assessments to be made in England and Scotland respectively, shall be charged upon the occupier or occupiers for the time being of houses, cottages, or tenements, in respect whereof the said duties shall be charged, Landlords to his, her, or their respective executors or administrators: provided l, a[^e to always. That in all cases where the rates and duties by this act the^paid^ repealed, are directed to be paid by the landlord or landlords of them under any house or tenement, in such case the said landlord or landlords the former shall be liable to the duties hereby granted in like manner. a^s'

IV. And be it further enacted, That the duties, hereby directed Occupiers for to be charged on the occupier or occupiers of houses, cottages,

or tenements, shall be levied upon, and paid by the occupier or ments. occupiers for the time being, without any new assessment for that year, notwithstanding any change in the occupation of any of such houses, cottages, or tenements.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no rate No duty to be

or duty shall be levied by virtue of this act, for or in respect of Pald for tene" any cottage or tenement containing not more than fix windows taimng not or lights in the whole, the occupier or occupiers whereof, by more than fix reason of his, her, or their poverty only, and not for any other windows, if cause, is or are exempted from the actual payment of the usual tl^e occupiers taxes, assessments, and contributions, towards the church and on account of poor. poverty, from

VI. And be it further enacted, That every chamber or apart- the poor rates, ment, in any of the inns of court or of chancery, or in any col- Apartments lege or hall in any of the universities of Great Britain, or in any in inns

hall or office belonging to any person or persons, body or bodies containuTg politick or corporate, or any publick hospital, being Severally in cig0t win-the tenure and occupation of any person or persons chargeable to dows, or un- the said rates and duties, containing eight windows or lights, or d£r> to be under, shall be charged thereto at the rate of two shillings for every such window or light; and every such chamber or apart-above that ment, which shall contain more than eight windows or lights, number, as an shall be subject to the duties granted by this act as if the same ent'rc kouie. was an entire house.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing In hospitnls, herein contained shall be construed to extend to subject any&c* onl5r the hospital, charity school, or house provided for the reception and o^cupi^d by relief of poor persons, to the payment of the rate or duty imposed officers or by this act, except such apartments therein as are or may be fcrvmts, sub- occupied by the officers or servants thereof, which shall be subject to dutJr*

to-

632. Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 40. [1797.

to the same duty (according to the number of windows in each) Dut not to aS ot^er inhabited houses are by this act subject to be charged on VProvided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing licensed cha- herein contained shall extend to charge with the said duty any ptii?. or dairies room licensed as a chapel for the purposes of divine worship, and used for no other purpose whatsoever; nor to any windows or lights in dairies, or other rooms or places described and exempted from the duties hereby repealed, by an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to exempt dairies, and rooms used solely for making, keeping, and dryings cheese. and butter, from the duties on windows and lights.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said several rates and

before exempted.

Times of payment of duty.

No window to be deemed stopped up, unleJs it be with done or brick, or the same materi-

duties by this act granted shall, in that part of Great Britain called England, be paid quarterly, on the days herein after mentioned; that is to say, On the twentieth day of "June for the quarter commencing from the fifth day of April and ending on the fifth day of July* the twentieth day of September for the quarter commencing from the fifth day of July and ending on the tenth day of October, the twentieth day of December for the quarter commencing from the tenth day of October and ending on the fifth day of January, and the twentieth day of March for the quarter commencing on the fifth day of January and ending on the fifth day of April, in every year; the firfit payment thereof to be made on the twentieth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight: and in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, half yearly; that is to say. On or before the twenty-ninth day of September, for the half year commencing from the term of Whitsunday and ending at the term of Martinmas in the same year, and on or before the twenty-fifth day of March, for the half year commencing from the term of Martinmas and ending at the term of Whitsunday next ensuing; the first payment thereupon to be made on the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight,

X. And be it further enacted, That no window or light which shall be stopped up after the passing of this act, in any such dwelling-house, shall be deemed to be stopped up within the meaning of this act, unless such windows or light shall be stopped up effectually with ffone or brick, or with the same kind of

ais as the out- materials whereof that part of the outside walls of such dwelling-house in which such window or light shall be, doth chiefly consist.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein-contained shall be construed to exte'nd to any window or light in the roof of any dwelling-house, which shall be stopped up effectually with materials of the like nature of which the outside of the roof shall chiefly consist.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the pading of this act, no window or light shall be newly made in dwelling-house, or office belonging thereto, in respect

side walls.

Act not to extend to any stopped up window in roofs, if stopped with 3jkt mat* rials as the outside.

No new win-

nlade^nor any whereof any rate or duty is hereby granted, nor shall any such stopped up window or light which shall have been stopped up at the time one to be re- wjien the assessment in respect of such dwelling-house shall be

*nade

any

stored, or any

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 40. 635

made for the then current year, be restored, nor shall any such to be stopped-window or light be stopped up, without, in each of the cases, fix p^v^g°^ days previous notice thereof in writing, being given by the t^ce to the occupier or occupiers of such dwelling-house, to the surveyor or flifveyor, on inspector of the said rates or duties, or one of them, for the place penalty of 10l. in which the assessment was made, describing therein the particular situation of every such window or light in such dwelling-house, and the number of such windows or lights, if more than, one, to to be made or restored, on pain that the occupier or occupiers of such dwelling-house so offending, shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds for every window or ligh* so newly made, restored, or stopped up, as aforesaid, to be recovered as by this act is directed, and which shall be paid over and above any rate or duty payable in respect of such dwelling-house.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any surveyor or Surveyor to inspector of the rates or duties hereby granted, shall receive any ^ovvs^(le'or such notice as aforesaid, or shall otherwise find or discover that reftorecq any window or light in any such dwelling-house, liable to the what the par-said rates or duties, hath been newly made or restored as afore- ties have been said, which window or light hath not been charged in the assess-

ment for that year, then such surveyor or inspector shall, and he ment to the

is hereby required to certify the same in writing under his hand, co m million-

by way of charge, to any two or more of the commissioners for ers,

putting this act in execution, and shall (fate in such certificate to

what amount the person or persons liable to such rate or duty

hath or have been under-rated in the assessment for that year;

and thereupon the said of, or any two or more of

them, shall cause such assessment to be rectified according to such to

certificate, and the rates and duties so to be charged, shall be be redified.

levied thereon from the commencement of the year in which such window or light shall be made or restored, as if such window

or light had been originally included in such assessment: provided Amended af-

always, That every such, afteftrnent, when amended, shall be liable feAments may

to be appealed against in such manner as if the same had been be appealed

originally so made. against.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no assessment shall be No appeal, or subject to appeal, nor any abatement of the duties allowed, by

reason of any windows or lights being stopped up, unless it shall allowed by^be proved, to the satisfaction of the commissioners for executing reason of this act, that the same windows or lights were respectively stopped windows up previous to the fifth of April next before the making the said Uf>T

assessment, if in England, or if in Scotland, that the same windows have been or lights were respectively stopped up previous to the term of stopped up Whitsunday next before the making the said assessment. previous to

XV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the persons cf^in pe- named or appointed to be of for putting in execution S\.T an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act for ei^of the^ granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, for the service of the land tax, and year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty or who shall here- the surveyors# after be named or appointed of for putting in execu- a^flbrs, and lion any other act or acts of parliament, fur granting an aid to pointed under his the acts rela-

634 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 40. [1797.

tive to the his Majesty, his heirs or successors, by a land tax in Great Britain,

repealec^m* or aihv t^ie Pre^ent or any ^uture session for continuing the

hereafter ap- famei shall be of for executing this act with relation pointed, to to the rates and duties hereby granted, and the powers herein put this act in contained, in all and every the counties, ridings, divisions, shires, execution. stewartries, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places respectv.ely within the kingdom of Great Britain.; and the several surveyors and inspectors, assessors and collectors, respectively appointed to put in execution any of the said acts relative to the said rates or duties hereby repealed, and the several persons who shall be hereafter appointed inspectors, surveyors, assessors, or collectors respectively, by virtue of the powers contained in the several acSts of parliament now in force relative to the said rates and duties hereby repealed, (and which powers are hereby declared to continue in force for the purposes of this act), or by virtue of the powers contained in this act, or any other act pa fled or to be passed in this present session of parliament, shall be fur^ veyors, inspectors, assessors, and collectors, to put in execution the present act with relation to the duties hereby granted, according to the powers given to them respectively by the said acts, or any of them, (and not hereby altered), or by this act; and the said of, and other the persons qualified to act in the execution of any of the said adhs, shall, and they are hereby reflectively empowered and required to do all things necessary for putting this act in execution with relation to the rates and duties hereby granted as before-mentioned, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they, or any of them, are or is authorised to put in execution the said adds relative to the said rates and duties hereby repealed, or any matters or things therein reflectively contained.

Within the

XVI. And be it further enacted, That within the bills of t-ilit 0*St°r" rnortabty> the parissies of Saint Mary-le-bone and Saint Pancras, Mary-le-honen county of Middlesex, the appointment of collectors of the an<1 Pancras, rates and duties hereby granted, shall belong wholly to such of the appoint- the commissioners for executing this act, who shall reside in the kGor°to\^e P31"1^105 for which such collectors reflectively are to be appointed, long to the m ca, c there shall be two or more of there resident, reticlent com- and no other of shall in such case interfere; and it mifl!oneis, ^c. Hi all be lawful for the said of for executing this act, and reflding within the respective parishes as aforesaid, to appoint such persons to be collectors, who shall have given security to the satisfaction of the churchwardens and overseers, or guardians of the poor, or any two or more of them, or any seven or more of the veffry, where a (elect veffry shall be appointed as aforesaid, and vho shall be thought by the said of to be of ability to execute the office of collector; and that in default of appointing such persons who shall have given such security, then the said of reflding as aforesaid, shall name such persons as they shall think of ability to execute the said office: provided always, That where two or more of shall not be resident in any parish for which collectors are tQ be appointed,

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 40. 635

pointed, then a commissioner or of residing in any adjacent parish, may concur in the appointment of such collectors*

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said several rates £)iities to be and duties by this act granted, shall severally and respectively be

assessect, raisea, levied, cohered, and received, in such and the ot}ier duties like form and manner, and with such penalties, forfeitures, and under the disabilities, and according to such rules, methods, and directions, management as are prescribed and appointed by a'ny act or acts now in force, for assessing, raising, levying, collecting, receiving, and paying taxes, &c. the rates and duties upon houses, windows, and lights, and upon inhabited houses, hereby repealed, or any other duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, as far as the same were in force at and immediately before the time of passing this act, and are applicable to the several and respective rates and duties hereby'granted, or any of them, and are not altered by this act; except 'all clauses of exemption as are contained in any of the said axffs of the sixth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, for granting any of the rates or.duties-on windows or lights, hereby repealed; and all and every the powers, authorities, methods, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, contained in any act or acts in relation to the said respective rates or duties hereby repealed, or any of them, and in force at and immediately before the passing of this act, or in any act or acts passed or to be passed in this session of parliament, for the affpfsing, raising, levying, colleCIing, and paying the rates and duties hereby repealed, or any other the rates and duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, (except such clauses of exemption as aforesaid,) shall be in full force, and be several lyand respectively duly observed, practised, and put in execution, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for the assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying the several rates and duties by this act granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same powers, authorities, methods, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, (except as aforesaid), were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if in any parish or In anyplace

place in England, any failure shall happen in the appointment of ^ere afie^ the assessor or assessors to take upon him or themselves the exe- tQrs are not*cution of this act, on or before the thirtieth day of April in any appointed, year, or in the appointment of a collector or collectors to take any two upon him or themselves the execution of this a Cl, on or before the thirtieth day of May in any year, it shall and may be lawful default from for any two justices of the peace of the county or riding in which the surveyor, such parish or place shall be situate, and they, on notice of such may appoint default from the surveyor or inspector of the said rates and duties ttiem4 hereby granted, are flriCUy enjoined and required to appoint ari assessor or assessors, or a collector or collectors, -as the case may require, from the inhabitants of such parish or place, or such other person or persons as might by any law now in force be Vol. XLL U u appointed

Persons neg* lifting to obey the precept of the

Sec. to forfeit 2ol,

If two of do

or if none should meet, two justices may aft.

636 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 40. [1797.

appointed assessors and collectors for such parish or place where such default shall happen, and for that purpose shall issue their joint; precepts to such and so many of the said inhabitants, or other person or persons aforesaid, as they shall think necessary, to appear before the said justices, for the purpose of taking upon themselves the said respective offices; and if any person on whom the precept of such justices shall be served, shall neglect to appear according to the precept, or any person appointed or to be ap-justices, or to pointed, either by the commissioners for executing this act, or upon the justices of the peace as aforesaid, to be an assessor or collector fice^f aRelfor t^ie ^ut^es by this granted, shall wilfully neglect or refuse or collector, to take upon himself the office of an assessor or collector, or shall wilfully neglect or refuse to perform his duty in the due and speedy execution of his office, according to this act, or if any person so appointed to be an assessor shall neglect or refuse to take the oath by this act directed to be taken by assessors, every such person so offending shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if in any county, riding, not meet^ one or-place in England, or in any hundred, rape, lathe, wapentake, with a justice, or ward, in such county, riding, or place, two or more of shall not have attended, or shall not attend at any meeting appointed to be held, or which ought to be held, in pursuance of the directions contained in any act hereby declared to be in force, in relation to the duties granted by this act, or any ^ft of the present session of parliament, or ttys aft, or shall not have met, or shall not meet, to execute in any particular this act, or any other act passed in this session of parliament, within the time limited by the laws in force in relation to the duties granted by this act, it shall be lawful for any one commissioner, together with any one or more justice or justices of the peace for such county, riding, or place, or (if no commissioner shall have so attended or met, or if no commissioner shall so attend or meet) for any two or more such justices of the peace, to do all acts, matters, and things, which are by this act, or any act or acts in force, directed to be done by of at their general meetings, or at their meetings within their respective hundreds, rapes, lathes, wapentakes, or wards; and all such justices of the peace, being duly warned of such default by any inspector, surveyor, collector, or assessor of the said rates and duties, shall, in 2 convenient time, alienable at the usual p!ace°of holding such meetings for the execution of this act; and all such acts, matters, and things, so done

' by any such of and justices of the peace, or by two, or more such justices of the peace as aforesaid, shall be as good, valid, and effectual in the law, to all intents and purposes, as if the said acts, matters, and things, had been done by two or more such of; any thing contained in any act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the parish or place in England for which any person or persons shall be appointed collector or collectors of the rates and duties hereby granted, shall be

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 40. 637

be answerable for his or their duly demanding the said rates or duties of the respective persons # charged therewith, within ten days after the same are payable by virtue of this acct, according to the directions herein contained, and also for his or their paying the sums by him or them received, to the receiver general of the said rates or duties, according to the provisions of the laws in force; and if any collector shall neglect or refuse to de- ^not'demand payment of the said lates and duties of the respective per - man(j duties, fons charged therewith, or leave a demand in writing at their re* or neglect to spective places of 1 aft abode, within the time herein limited, or execute war-in case of default of payment thereof upon such demand, shall rdnts ror rc"

- r r j } r.COVerV O T

neglect or rerule to execute the warrant or precept of the com- them'within a

missioners or justices for recovering of the same, within two ca- limited time, lendar months after the said rates 2nd duties are payable by this the parish to act, it shall not be lawful for such collector to insert in the sche- f^r the Time^ dule, to be by the receiver general returned into the exchequer, the name of such person, as having made default of payment of any of the sums rated or assessed on such person, but the parish or place for which such collector shall have been appointed, shall be answerable for the same; and no collector shall be allowed to insert in any such schedule the name of any person to be returned any schedule into the exchequer as not having paid the rates or duties by this to be returned

act granted, unlessTuch collector shall make oath, or, being one into the ex-

of the people called Quakerr, shall make and subscribe a solemn affirmation, before two of, or before one commis- defaulter un-fioner and one justice of the peace, or before two justices of the less he make peace (who respectively shall certify the said oath or affirmation oath of cer-on the said schedule) that the sum for which such person is so particu-returned, is due and wholly unpaid, either to such collector, or to any other person or persons for such collector, to the best of his knowledge and belief, and that the person so making default is unable to pay the same, and by reason of his or her poverty is exempted from the acftual payment of all taxes, assessments, or contributions towards the church and poor; or that such person became insolvent or bankrupt before the day on which the rates and duties became payable, and had not goods and chattels sufficient whereon to raise and levy the said rates and duties, within the parish or place for which such collector shall have been appointed, at any time since the said rates or duties became payable; or that such person removed from the parish or place for which such collector shall have been appointed before the d-ay on which the rates or duties became payable, without leaving therein sufficient goods and chattels whereon the rates and duties then payable could be raised and levied, and that there was not nor are any goods or chattels of any other person or persons liable to the payment of the said rates and duties in arrear, or any part > thereof, whereby the same, or any part thereof, could or might be raised and levied; which oath or affirmation shall be indorsed on such schedule, and which schedule shall specify the names of the persons making such default, and the reason for returning ^ach such defaulter.

u u 2 XXI. And

638 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 40.

[1797. Arrears of

XXI. And be it further enacted, That any arrear of the said re^fef^dup- rates anc^utaes atifing by the default as aforesaid, or by the on the parish. failure of any collector, for which any parish or place in that part of Great Britain called England, shall be anTwerable, shall be re-assessed and charged within and upon such parish or place, on the amount of the assessment which shall be made of the said rates and duties granted by this act, in the year commencing from the fifth of April next after the time when such arrear accrued, by duly apportioning the amount of such arrear amongst the several persons assessed in that year, according to each person's assessment, as nearly as the case will admit; and by the like rules, methods, and directions by which the original assessment was made, to be raised and levied in such manner as any re-assessment may by any law now in force be raised and levied: provided always, That the sum so to be re-assessed shall not be charged on the amount of any of the rates, duties, or sums of money granted by the said act passed in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war.

If any person

XXII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the 01U o^the'li ^a*Ic^pril one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

mits of the eight, if any occupier of any dwelling-house in that part of

collector Great Britain called England, rated or assessed to any of the du-

without pay- ties by this act granted, shall remove out of the limits of the o^leavinU fuf1 co^e(^ors of duties assessed on such dwelling-house, without ficient^goods" Pay*ng or discharging, or causing to be paid or discharged, on the pre- all the rates and duties charged upon him or her in respect of such mises, he shall dwelling-house, and which shall then be due and payable, or without leaving in or upon such dwelling-house sufficient goods and chattels whereon the said rates and duties in arrear may be raised and levied, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay, over and above the said rates and duties so left unpaid as aforesaid, the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered as by this act is directed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth day April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, no goods or chattels whatever, lying and being in or upon any dwelling-house in that part of Great Britain called England, or any of the offices thereunto belonging, which shall have been rent^o^of The rate^ or assessed to any of the duties by this act granted, shall be King, unless liable to be taken by virtue of any execution, or other process, the party shall warrant, or authority, except at the suit of the landlord for dertake to Ua" rent' (ot^er at of the King), on any account or the arrearsPretence whatever, unless the party at whose suit the said execu-duty, not ex- tion or seizure shall be sued out or made, shall, before the sale or ceeding a removal of such goods from off the premises by virtue of such year s. execution or seizure, undertake in writing to pay to the collec-

for or collectors of the said duties, all arrears of the same duties which shall be due in respect of the premises at the time of taking such goods or chattels by virtue of such execution or seizure; provided such duties shall not be in arrear for more than

one

lorreit 201.

No goods to be taken by virtue of any process, except at the suit of the

1 rll nrd for

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 40. 639

one year; and in case the said duties shall be in arrear for more than one year, then the said party at whose suit such execution or seizure is sued out or made, paying the said collector or collectors the aforesaid duties due in respect of the premises for one whole year, may proceed to execute his judgment, or proceed in his seizure as he might have, done before the making of this act; but in case of refusal to pay the said duties, the said codec-^case of re-for or collectors are hereby authorised and required to distrain [h/dati^the such goods or chattels, and proceed to sale thereof, according colle&orsmay to the laws now in force, in order to obtain payment of the said distrain and duties in arrear for one year; and all remedies, advantages, fed the goods, powers, methods, and things, which by any act or acts con- &c* cerning bankrupts, or concerning the method of recovering rent in arrear, are given and granted to any creditors, Jeffors, or landlords respectively, and all the powers and provisions of an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled An act for the more easy and effectual proceeding upon distresses to be made by warrants of justices of the peace, and also of another ad, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to authorise justices of the peace to impose fines upon confables, ovetseers, and other peace or parish officers, for neglect of duty, and on jnajlers of apprentices for ill usage of such their apprentices; and also to make provision for the execution of warrants of difrefs granted by magistrates, as far as the same relate to the execution of warrants of distress granted by justices of the peace, shall be used and practised by the respective of for executing this act, and by any collector, surveyor, or inspector of the said rates and duties, acting under the authority of the said of, for recovering and securing any arrears of the said rates and duties (over and above the powers, remedies, rules, and regulations, contained in any act or acts relative to the duties hereby repealed, or in (his ad) as fully and effectually as if the same remedies, advantages, powers, provisions, methods, and things, were particularly and severally repeated by and re-enacted in this act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commission-passing of this act, every person appointed or to be appointed to ^]]^v^PettlC put this act in execution as a commissioner, or any justice of the Qat^.*

peace executing the office of a commissioner, before he shall act as a commissioner in execution thereof, or shall execute the office of such commissioner (except in administering the oath herein-afrer expressed), shall take, and he is hereby required to take the following oath; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear, That I will truly, faithfully, impartially,

X and honestly, according to the best of my {kill and knowledge, execute the several powers and authorities reposed in me as a commissioner, by the several acts relative to the duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes; and that I will judge and determine upon all appeals, and

u V 3 all

640 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 40. [1797.

all other matters and things which shall be brought before me as a commissioner under the said several acts, and every or any of them, without favour or affection.

So help me GOD.

which may be Which oath any one of the persons appointed to put this act in b^a^ormrdf execut^on as a commissioner, or any justice of the peace in the fiLero^f.'county> riding, shire, stewartry, city, or place, where the af-tice although feflirtent is to be made, is hereby authorised to administer, al-he has not though the said person administering the same hath not himself taken it. previously taken the oath: and which oath so taken, shall be sub-Oath to be scribed by the party taking the same; and the names of all the and the°names Persons f° subscribing shall, within one month afterwards, be offuchsub- transmitted to the office of the commissioners for the affairs of {bribers to be taxes at Somerset Place, in the county of Middlesex, by the clerk transmitted to of the general meeting of the of, or the clerks of the tax office. tjle ffivision meetings resp.e£Hvely; and if any person shall, from for aanc* a^ter ^a^ay ^Pri^ one thousand seven hundred commissioner an^ ninety-eight, presume to act as a commissioner in execution without hav- of any of the acts relative to the duties under the management ing taken the of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, (except in adrni-oat* niftering the said oath), before he shall have taken the same oath

herein mentioned, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds.

No person to

XXV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this act t^hf^the* contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorise oath of all e- any person to act in the execution of this act, without first tak-giance, &c. ing the oath of allegiance, supremacy, and abjuration, or taking and subscribing the declaration of fidelity, required by any law now in force to be taken or made and subscribed in the manner

A (Terrors to take the following oath;

and in the cases therein prescribed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every person appointed or to be appointed an assessors of the said rates and duties granted by this a6>, shall, and he is hereby required to take an oath, or, being one of the people called Quakers, to make and subscribe a solemn affirmation, in the following form; (that is to say), v

I A.B. do swear, [or, affirm, as the case may require], That JL in the assessment which I am required to make by authority of the several acts relative to the duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, and now in force, I will act faithfully and honestly, and without favour or affection, according to the best of my skill and knowledge.

So help me GOD.

which two Which oath or affirmation any two or more of the of mallIadminfrS^n t^ie county' rising, shire, stewartry, city, or place, where £tei\ a mim- the assessments are to be made, are hereby authorised and required to administer; and if any person so to be appointed assessors as aforesaid, from and after the said fifth day of April one thousand

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 40. 641

thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall presume to a cl in 5°1- penalty the execution of the said office or employment of an assessor be- ^atoTor^fore he shall have taken the said oath or affirmation, (as the case without tak-shall require), he shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the ing the oath, sum of fifty pounds.

XXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no- No commis-thing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to ex- honer to act intend, to authoriTe any person to act as a commissioner in the execution of this act, or any of the powers herein contained, with- Grand, " or in the city of London, and liberty of Saint Martin-le-Grandy nor Westminster, within the city and liberty of Westminster, without taking the without tak-oath, or making and subscribing the affirmation, of his qualifi- ^goath^0"* cation, in the form following (that is to say), g '

I A.B. do swear, [or, affirm, as the case may require], That

X truly and bona fide, I have such an estate, confuting of [specifying the fame-\ of the clear value of two thousand pounds, over and above what will satisfy and discharge all my debts.

So help me GOD.'

Which oath or affirmation any one of the persons qualified and appointed to act as a commissioner within the city of London, the liberty of Saint Martin-le-Grand, or within the city and liberty of Westminster respectively, is hereby authorised to administer, although the said person administering the same hath not himself previously taken the same oath, or made or subscribed the same affirmation; and if any person shall, from and aftei; the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, presume to act as a commissioner in the execution of this act, or any of the powers herein contained, within the city of London and liberty of Saint Martin-le-Grand^ or within the city and liberty of Westminster, (except in administering the said oath or affirmation laffc mentioned), before he shall have taken such oath, or made such affirmation, as is before directed, he shall

which may be administered by any commissioner of those di ft riffs.

Penalty of 200l. for acting without taking the oath.

forfeit for every such offence the sum of two hundred pounds.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ^r^rcW^e if, according to the opinion of any of the justices, judges, or in a case trani'-barons, in any of the courts at Westminster, or in the court of mitted to a session or court of exchequer in Scotland, to whom any cale hath justice, &c. been or shall, at the request of the appellant or appellants, be "

transmitted in pursuance of any of the directions contained in party shall pay the said acts, or any of them, the charge or surcharge upon which 40s. costs to the question contained in such case shall have arisen, shall, after his Majesty. the passing of this act, be confirmed and established, the person or persons so charged or surcharged shall, for the costs and charges attending the same, pay, to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the sum of forty shillings, in addition to the charge or surcharge, or the part thereof, so confirmed and established as aforesaid; and which costs shall be added to such assessment, and levied and collected therewith, and as part of the rates and duties so assessed.

U U 4 4 XXIX. PrO-

642.

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c.

jecting the parties to

- 4o- [1797.

Commission-

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the the SpmioiTof comm^lon^rs before whom any appeal shall be depending, shall, any of the previous to their determination thereupon, be desirous of obtain-

judges, See. ing the opinion of any of the said justices, judges, or barons,

in matters of \n any matter of law arising upon such appeal, it dial] be lawful oTar^a^eal ^or t^, e of to date specially, aftdr communicating on bating the * £o £be party complaining, such intended statement, and sign the case specially, case upon which the doubts of the said of arose-; and without sub- the said of are hereby required to adjourn the determination of such appeal until the opinion of such justice, judge, or baron, shall be obtained; and every such justice, judge, or baron, is hereby required, with all convenient speed, to return an answer to such case so transmitted, with his opinion subscribed thereto, which opinion so certified shall have the force and effedf of a determination in a court of record, and the said of, nor the party appealing, shall not be subject to any costs in respect of the case so transmitted.

XXX. And whereas by divers of the said acts for granting feve- ral of the said duties hereby repealed, it was provided, that during the space of te?i years then next ensuing, there should be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said respective duties should, together with such other duties which were respectively granted for the purposes of making a permanent addition to the public revenue, and of defraying any increased charge occasioned by certain loans made, and flock created, by authority of parliament^ should be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever; be it therefore further enacted, That during the remainders of the respective periods of ten years, to be computed from the respective times of granting; such of the said duties as aforesaid, there shall

O O # 7

be separ2tely entered in the books provided and kept in the said office of the auditor of the said receipt, for the purposes aforesaid, at the end of every quarter of a year, ending the fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October^ yearly, the proportions herein after mentioned of the said duties hereby granted for the purpose of supplying the several accounts of the said rates and duties hereby repealed; (that is to say), There shall be reserved out of the duties hereby granted, in the consolidated fund, for the general account existing prior to the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, one fourth part of the several sums of three hundred and twenty-seven thousand nine hundred pounds, and five hundred and fifteen thousand pounds, being respectively the average annual amounts, for three years preced- ing the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, of the rates and duties hereby repealed, which were granted by several acIs, passed in the sixth and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his present Majesty, and one fourth part of the further sum of one hundred and forty-eight thousand six hundred pounds, being the average annual amount, for the said' period.

Duties to he entered in the books in the office o' the auditor in certain proportions.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 40.

period, of the rates and duties hereby repealed, which were granted by an act passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty; and that after reserving such fourth part of the said several sums of money, the remainder thereof shall, at the end of each such quarter, be entered in the separate accounts directed to be kept in the office of the said auditor, in the proportion herein after prescribed; (that is to say), In the separate account directed to be kept by several acts passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, out of the duties on houses, windows, or lights, contained in schedule A. one fourth part of the annual sum of thirty-lix thousand pounds; Out of the duties on inhabited houses, contained in schedule B. one fourth part of the annual sum of fourteen thousand eight hundred and sixty pounds, being the amounts of ten pounds per centum granted on the produce of certain of the said duties hereby repealed by adds passed in the said laid-mentioned year; and in the separate account directed to be kept by several acts passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, out of the said duties on houses, windows, and lights, one fourth part of the annual sums of thirty-six thousand pounds, and fifty-one thousand five hundred pounds; and out of the said duties on inhabited houses, one fourth part of the annual sum of fourteen thousand eight hundred and sixty pounds, being the amounts of ten pounds per centmn granted on the produce of certain other of the said duties hereby repealed, by an act passed in the said Jalt-mentioned year; and in the separate account directed to be kept as aforesaid, by several acts passed in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of hfs present Majesty, the remainder of the rates and duties by this act granted, as the same shall respectively arise at the end of each such quarter*

SCHEDULE

Anno regni tricesimo octavo GEORGII III. c. 40. [1797.

SCHEDULE. A.

A SCHEDULE of the rates and duties payable for every dwelling-house inhabited or to be inhabited within England and Scotland respectively, according to the number of windows or lights in each dwelling-house.

NUMBER of WINDOWS, according Ur which the Dwelling-house shall be charged. DUTIES to be paid for every Dwelling-house in England. DUTIES lobe paid for every Dwelling-house in Scotland.

Not more than fix windows or lights (except £. s. d. £. s. d.

such inhabited dwelling-houses which shall be worth the rent of five pounds by the year, and shall be charged to the rate or duty herein mentioned, according to the

rent thereof) - — 46 0 26

Not more than fix windows or lights, if of the value before-mentioned, and charged

to the said rate or duty accordingly 6 0 040

Seven windows or lights and no more — 14 6 0 12 6

Eight windows or lights and no more 1 10 0 19 0

Nine windows or lights and no more 1 70 I 50

Ten windows or lights and no more 1 14 0 112 0

Eleven windows or lights and no more 240 2 2 0

Twelve windows or lights and no more 2 16 0 2 14 O

Thirteen windows or lights and no more 280 360

Fourteen windows or lights and no more 400 3 18 0

Fifteen windows or lights and no more 4 12 o' 4 10 0

Sixteen windows or lights and no more 5 4° 5 20

Seventeen windows or lights and no more c 16 0 5 HO

Eighteen windows or lights and no more 680 660

Nineteen windows or lights and no more 7 00 6180

Twenty windows or lights and no more 7 12 0 7 10 0

Twenty-one windows or lights and no more 840 8 20

Twenty-two windows or lights and no more 8 16 0 8 14 0

Twenty-three windows or lights and no more9So 960

Twenty-four windows or lights and no more 10 00918 0

Twenty-five windows or lights and no more 10 12 0 10 10 0

Twenty-six windows or lights and no more t-t K> O 11 00

Twenty-seven windows or lights and no more II 12 0 11 10 0

Twenty-eight windows or lights and no more 12 2 0 1200

Twenty-nine windows or lights and no more 12 12 0 12 10 0

Thirty windows or lights and no more 13 2 ° 13 o 0

Thirty-one windows or lights and no more 13 12 O 13 10 0

Thirty-two windows or lights and no more 14 2 0 14 0 0

Thirty-three windows or lights and no more 14 12 O 14 10 0

Thirty-four windows or lights and no more 15 2 O 15 0 0

Thirty-five windows or lights and no more 15 12 0 15 10 0

Thirty-six

NUMBER of WINDOWS, according to which the Dwelling-house shall be charged. DUTIES to be paid for ever)' Dwelling* house in England. DUTIES to lie paid for every Dwelling-110 ule in Scotland.

£. J. d £ s. d.

Thirty-six windows or lights and no more 16 0 0 '5 j8 0

Thirty-seven windows or lights and no more 16 8' 0 16 6 0

Thirty-eight windows or lights and no more 16 16 0 16 14 0

Thirty-nine windows or lights and no more Forty and not more than forty-four windows '7 4 0 l7 2 0

or lights - Forty-five and not more than forty-nine7 10 0 7 8 0

windows or lights Fifty and not more than fifty-four windows l9 0 0 18 18 0

or lights Fifty-five and not more than'fifty-nine win- 20 10 0 20. 8 0

dows or lights Sixty and not more than sixty-fout windows 22 0 0 21 18 0

or lights - Sixty-five and not more than sixty-nine win- 23 0 0-» 23 8 0

dows or lights Seventy and not more than seventy-four 25 0 0 24 0 00

windows or lights Seventy-five and not more than seventy-nine 26 10 0 26 8 0

windows or lights, Eighty and not more than eighty-four win- 28 0 0 27 18 0

dows or lights Eighty-five and not more than eighty-nine 29 10 0 29 8 0

windows or lights Ninety and not more than ninety-four win- 3i 0 0 3° 18 0

dows or lights - Ninety-five and not more than ninety-nine 32 10 0 32 8 0

windows or lights One hundred and not more than one hun- 34 0 0 33 18 0

dred and nine windows or lights One hundred and ten and not more than one 37 0 0 36 l8 O

hundred and nineteen windows or lights One hundred and twenty and not more than one hundred and twenty-nine windows or 40 0 0 39 18 0

lights'-One hundred and thirty and not more than one hundred and thirty-nine windows or 43 0 6 42 18 0

lights - One hundred and forty and not more than one hundred and forty-nine windows or 46 0 0 45 18 0

lights One hundred and fifty and not more than one 49 0 0 48 l8 O

hundred and fifty-nine windows or lights One hundred and sixty and not more than one S2 0 0 5i 18 0

hundred and sixty-nine windows or lights 55 0 0 54 18 0 One

Hasted-by Goo

NUMBERS of WINDOWS, according to which the Dwelling-house shall be charged. DUTIES to be paid for every Dwelling-house in England. DUTIES to be paid for every Dwelling-house in Scotland.

One hundred and seventy and not more than one hundred and seventy-nine windows or £ s. £ s.

lights One hundred and eighty window's or lights, O O CO LO 57 18 0

and upwards And for every such dwelling hcufe which shall contain more than one hundred and eighty windows or lights, for every window or light exceeding the number of one 61 0 0 60 18 0

hundred and eighty 0 26 026

The said several rates and duties to be charged in respect of every inhabited dwelling-house, without any other or further exemption being allowed than such as are contained and expressly provided in and by this act, notwithstanding any former statute or statutes to the contrary.

SCHEDULE. B.

A SCHEDULE of the rates and duties payable on all inhabited dwelling-houses within and throughout Great Britain according to the value thereof.

For every inhabited house in Great Britain, which, with the household and other offices, yards, and gardens therewith occupied, are or shall be worth the rent by the year, there be charged the yearly sums following 5 videlicet,

Five pounds and under twenty pounds rent by the year Twenty pounds and under forty pounds rent by the year -

Forty pounds rent by the year and upwards

In the Pound.

£ s- d.

OOS

OIO O I 3

The said last mentioned rates and duties to be charged on the occupier or occupiers of every such inhabited house, and to be subject to all the exemptions contained in any act or acts in force, for granting the duties on inhabited houses hereby repealed, but to no other or further exemptions whatever, notwithstanding any statute or statutes to the contrary.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 41. 647

CAP. XLI.

An act for repealing the duties upon male servants, carriages, horses, mules, and dogs; and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof.

[May 10, 1798.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the present mode of charging separately the several rates and duties payable upon male servants, carriages, horses, mules, and the additional rates charged upon the amount

thereof under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, has been found inconvenient: and whereas it is expedient that the said several rates and duties should be repealed, and other duties granted in lieu thereof and that further provision should be made for enforcing a due collision of the said duties: we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, do' most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and From April 5, after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety- ties uporfmale eight, all and singular the rates and duties upon male servants, servants, car-carriages, horses, mules, and dogs, and also all and singular the riages, horles, additional rates and duties charged upon the amount of the said a£d dogs, and rates and duties, shall severally cease and determine, save and ^uetj's 0lnth^ except in all cases relating to the demanding, recovering, receiv- amountthere-ing, or paying, any arrears thereof respectively, which may, on of, to cease; 1 the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, remain unpaid, or any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said and in lieu fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, ^e

in lieu and instead of the said rates and duties by this act repealed, the annexed there shall be a fie-field, raised, levied, and paid, unto and for the schedules to use of his Majesty, hia heirs and successors, upon all male servants he levied, retained or employed by any person or persons in the several capacities mentioned in an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and upon all carriages kept by any person or persons, and upon all horses, mares, or geldings, kept and used by any person or persons for riding, or for the purpose of drawing any such carriage, and upon all other horses, mares, and geldings, and upon all mules and dogs kept by any person or persons, the several yearly rates and duties respectively mentioned, described, and set forth, in the several schedules hereunto annexed; which several schedules, and the rules therein contained, shall be deemed and construed a part of this abt, as if the same were incorporated therewith.

Times of payment of duties in England;

and in Scotland.

Commission-

III. And be it further enacted, That the said several rates and duties by this act granted in that part of Great Britain called England shall be paid quarterly, on the days herein after mentioned; that is to say. On the twentieth day of June for the quarter commencing from the fifth day of April and ending on the fifth day o {July, the twentieth day of Septe?nber for the quarter commencing from the fifth day of July and ending on the tenth day of October) the twentieth day of December for the quarter commencing from the tenth day of October and ending on the fifth day of January, and the twentieth day of March for the quarter commencing from the fifth day of January and ending on the fifth day of April, in every year; the first payment thereof to be made on the twentieth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said several rates and duties by this act granted in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be paid half yearly; that is to say, On or before the twenty-ninth day of September for the half year commencing from the term of Whitsunday and ending at the term of Martinmas in the same year, and on or before the twenty-fifth day of March for the half year commencing from the term of Martimnas' and ending at the term of Whitsunday next ensuing; the first payment thereupon to be made on the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every the persons tax°and\he namec^ or appointed to be of for putting in execution Purveyors, an act of the present session of parliament, intituled An act for assessors, and granting an aid to his Mo'jefy by a land tax, for the service of the collectors, ap -year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty or who shall here-the^Cts relaC1 a^fer named or appointed of for putting in executive to the tion any other act or acts of parliament for granting an aid to his rates herein Majesty, by a land tax in Great Britain, or any act of the present repealed, or or future session for continuing the same, shall be of

V°toe ^or executing this a<9:, with relation to the rates and duties hereby put this a Cl in granted, and the powers herein contained, in all and every the execution. counties, ridings, divisions, shires, stewartries, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places respectively, within the kingdom of Great Britain; and the several surveyors and inspectors, aflel-fors and collectors respectively, appointed to put in execution any of the said acts, relative to the said rates and duties hereby granted, and the several persons who shall hereafter be appointed inspectors, surveyors, assessors, or collectors respectively, by virtue of the powers contained in the several acts of parliament now in force relative to the said rates and duties hereby repealed, (and which powers are hereby declared to continue in force for the purposes of this act), or by virtue of the powers contained in this act, or any other act passed or to be passed in the present session of parliament, shall be inspectors, surveyors, assessors, and collectors, to put in execution the present act, with relation to the duties hereby granted, according to the powers given to them respectively by the said acts, or any of them, (and not hereby altered),

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 41. 649

or by this act; and the said of, and other the persons qualified to act in the execution of any of the said acts, shall, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all things necessary for putting this act in execution, with relation to the rates and duties hereby granted, as before mentioned, in the like, and in as full and ample a manner, as they, or any of them, are or is authorised to put in execution the said acts relative to the said rates and duties hereby repealed, or any matter or thing therein respectively contained.

VI. And be it further enacted, That within the bills of mor- mor

tality, the parities of Saint Mary-le-bone and Saint Pancras, in ta]jt

the county of Middlesex, the appointment of collectors of the Mary-le-rates and duties hereby granted, shall belong wholly to such of bone, and the commissioners for executing this act, who shall reside in the f>anefas, the parishes for which such collectors respectively are to be appointed, q? collectors in case there shall be two or more of there resident, to belong to and no other of shall in such case interfere; and it the resident shall be lawful for the said of for executing this act, commission-and residing within the respective parishes as aforesaid, to appointtrs* such persons to be collectors who shall have given security to the satisfaction of the churchwardens and overseers, or guardians of the poor, or any two or more of them, or any seven of more of the vestry, where a select vestry shall be appointed as aforesaid, and who shall be thought by the said of to be of ability to execute the office of collector; and that in default of appointing such persons who shall have given such security, then the said of residing as aforesaid shall name such persons as they shall think of ability to execute the said office: provided always, That where two or more of shall not be resident in any parish for which collectors are to be appointed, then a commissioner or of residing in any adjacent parish may concur in the appointment of such collectors.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said several rates and Duties to be

be

assessed and

duties by this act granted, shall severally and respectively^collected as assessed, raised, levied, collected, and received, in such and the other duties like form and manner, and with such penalties, forfeitures, and under the ma-disabilities, and according to such rules, methods, and directions, nagement ot and with such exceptions and exemptions, as are prescribed and f^er^of appointed by any act or acts now in force for assessing, raising,

levyi

'ins-

collecting,

recovering, and paying the rates and duties

taxes, &c*

hereby repealed, or any other duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, as far as the same were in force at and immediately before the time of passing this act, and are severally and respectively applicable to the rates and duties hereby granted, or any of them, or according to such rules, methods, and directions, as are or maybe prescribed and appointed by any act or acts, passed or to be passed in the present session of parliament, for any of the purposes herein-before expressed; and that all and every the powers, authorities, methods, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, contained in any act or acts in relation to the said respective rates or

duties

Horses provided for volunteer corps not liable to duty.

650 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 41. [1797.

duties hereby repealed, or any of them, and in force at and immediately before the patting of this or in any act or acts passed or to be passed in this session of parliament, for the att'etting, raising, levying, collecting, and paying the rates and duties hereby repealed, or any other the rates and duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, shall be in full force, and be severally and respectively duly observed, practised, and put in execution, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for the afletting, raising, levying, collecting, and paying the several rates and duties by this act granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposts, as if the same powers, authorities, methods, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no person who shall serve in any volunteer corps raised by virtue of any act or acts of parliament now in force, and shall provide a horse, mare, or gelding, for such service, or who shall at his or her expence furnish a horse, mare, or gelding, for any person serving in any such corps as aforesaid, shall be charged or chargeable for such horse, mare, or gelding, with the duties by this a cl imposed.

In certificates

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in the ot command- certificate of the commanding officer of the corps or troop in such°corps^ ° any such person as aforesaid shall serve, not only the feve-

ral persons who shall serve, but also the several persons who shall furnish any horses, mares, or geldings, for any other persons serving in any such-corps, shall be inserted $ and that affidavits of the several persons serving in such corps, for whom any horses, mares, or geldings, shall be furnished, declaring by whom respectively the same are furnished, shall in every such case be annexed to such certificate.

X. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall have retained or employed any male servant or servants, or kept any carriage, horse, mule, or dog, in the course of the year ending on the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and 179S, by June ninety-eight, shall, on or before the thirtieth day of June one rnake^out*ifts t^10U^in^ seven hundred and ninety-eight, without any previous notice for that purpose, cause to be prepared true and particular lifts in writing, signed by such person, or on his or her behalf, which lifts shall severally be made out in the forms prescribed in the schedule annexed to this act, and shall contain the parish or place, a-nd parishes or places, where such person shall reside; and

i corps the persons serving, and the persons providing horses ior others, to be inserted.

Persons keeping male servants, &c. in the year end ing April 5,

in the forms prescribed in the annexed schedule, containingeertain particulars.

one of such lifts shall also contain the greatest number of mate servants retained or employed by such persons at any time in the course. of the year ending on the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in any of the capacities mentioned in an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and charged with any duty by the said act; another of the said lifts shall contain the greatest number of carriages mentioned or described in another act passed in the said

twenty-

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 4.1. 651

twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, kept by such person at any one time within the like period, and charged with any duty by the said act last mentioned, dieting'uishing the number of such carriages with four wheels from the number of such car^ riages with lei's than four wheels, and also from the number of such carriages liable as taxed carts; another of the said lifts shall contain the greatest number of horses, mares, or geldings, mentioned or described in an act passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, kept by such person at any one time for any the uses and purposes in the said act mentioned, within the like period, and charged with any duty by the said $ another of such lifts shall contain the greatest number of horses, mares, or geldings, mentioned or described in an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and charged with any duty by the said act, and also the greatest number of mules kept by such person at any one time within the like period; and another lift shall contain the greatest: number of dogs kept by such person within the like period, distinguishing therein any greyhound, hound, pointer, setting dog, spaniel, lurcher, of terrier, from any other dog, where one dog only shall be kept by such person; and every such person residing within the limits of To whom the city of London, the city or liberty of Westminster, the weekly are to be bills of mortality, the parishes of Saint Mary-le-bone, or Saintvere*Pancras, in the county of Middlesex, or the borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey, shall, within the period before preferred, cause such lifts to be delivered at the chief office of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, or to such person or persons, and at such place or places, as the said of shall appoint; and every such person residing in any part ot Great Britain, without the limits aforesaid, shall cause such lifts to be delivered to the surveyor of the said rates and duties for the dfstrict where such person shall reside, or to such other person or persons, and at such place or places, within such district, as the said surveyor, with the approbation of the said of for the affairs of taxes, or any three or more of them, shall appoint; and every Assessment to such person shall be liable to be assessed and charged, Tor the year be for the in which such lift shall or ought to be delivered, according to t^le greatest number of such servants, carriages, horses, (mares or vants geldings), mules, and dogs, retained, employed, kept, or used as kept within aforesaid, by such person within the period in such lift mentioned'; the year, and if any person required by this act to deliver such lift as afore- 50l. penalty said, shall neglect to deliver any such lift, or shall wilfully omit deli*

any description which ought to be contained therein according lts>

to this ahe or (he so offending shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds.

XI. Provided always, That no person shall be compelled to P£rsons not

travel, for the delivery of any list, in pursuance of this act, to a tra^efmore^ greater distance from the place of his or her habitation than ten than 10 miles miles, or to the market town nearest thereto. to deliver

XII. And be it further enacted, That every person who, fromlifts*

and after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and Persons begin*

Vot.XLI. Xx

65*

to k?ep male fervan's, &c. within 20 days to give a notice containing certain particulars:

_fol. penalty for default.

Persons having divers places of residence, to deliver lifts at each where he intends to pay duty for any servants, See. containing the whole number kept, Sec*

col. penalty for default.

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 41. [1797.

ninety-eight, shall begin to retain or employ any such male servant, or keep or use any such carriage, horse, mule, or dog, (such servant, carriage, horse, mule, or dog, not being in the place or {lead of any former one liable to the like duty), shall, within twenty days after he or fhc shall begin to retain or employ such servant, or to keep or use such carriage, horse, mule, or dog, cause notice thereof to be given at the chief office of the said of or surveyors for the distrieft, as the case shall require, and of the number of such servants, carriages, horses, mules, and dogs, and the parish or place where such person shall reside, describing in such notice every servant retained or employed by such person by his proper name, and the several capacities in which such servants reflectively shall be retained or employed, and also describing every such carriage by its usual name and description, distinguishing the number of wheels belonging to each such carriage and also distinguishing each such carriage liable as a taxed cart, and also describing every such horse, mare, or gelding, distinguishing the horses mentioned or described in the said act passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, from the horses mentioned or described in the said act passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and also describing every mule or dog kept by such person, distinguishing the kind of dog, where one dog only shall be kept by such person as aforesaid; and if any person required by this act to deliver such lift as last aforesaid shall neglect to deliver any such lift, or shall wilfully omit any description which ought to be contained'rherein, according to this act, he or she so offending shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every person required by this act to deliver such lift as aforesaid, having divers places of residence as aforesaid, shall be obliged to deliver such lift at each of such places of residence where such person intends to pay the duties for any such servants, carriages, horses, (mares or geldings), mules, or dogs, and to insert in every such lift the whole number of servants retained or employed by such person, and of carriages, horses, mares, or geldings, mules, and dogs, kept by such person within the kingdom of Great Britain; and shall also, in every such lift, specify the particular number of each description respectively intended to be paid for within the limits of the distri<ft where such lift shall be delivered; and shall also at the same time make his or her declaration, to be inserted in such lift, and signed by him or her, specifying the particular counties or county, and parishes or parish, wherein each such place of his or her residence is situate, and also the particular counties or county, and parishes or parish, wherein any of his or her servants, carriages, horses, mares, or geldings, mules, or dogs, are kept, and the respective numbers of1 each description kept in such parishes or places respectively, and where the same, or any of them, are intended to be paid for, if the same, or any of them, are intended to be paid for at any other of those parishes or places respectively, than the parish or place where such lift shall be delivered or given as aforesaid, on pain that every person offend-

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 41. 653

ing in any of the particulars before-mentioned shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every person liable to Persons to de-deliver any such lift as aforesaid, shall, yearly, (that is to say), ^ve^j betav^en Between the fifth day of April and the thirtieth day of May, in May 50, year-every year, after such person shall have delivered such lift, or ly, lifts of the ought so to have done, in pursuance of this act, and he and fheSre; lteft num-is hereby required to cause to be prepared, and to be delivered

at one of the respective offices before-mentioned, as the case shall j^of. Gne require, a true and particular lift of the greatest number of such time in the servants retained or employed, and of carriages, horses, mules, Year in which and dogs, kept by such person at any one time in the course of^eJej. s the year in which the former lift was delivered, or ought to havevcrecj. been so delivered as aforesaid, which lifts shall be prepared in the forms before prescribed, and according to the directions of this act in respect thereof, and shall renew the same in the same manner in every year, so long as such person shall be liable to the said rates and duties, or any of them, on pain that every person offending in any of the said particulars last mentioned, shall f forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds. or e 111

XV. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall Persons deli-deliver any such lift duly prepared and filled up, according to the receive re-directions of this aCb, to the surveyor or inspector, or other person ceiptsforthem to be appointed by the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, shall in the form in be entitled to receive, from the person to whom such lift shall annexed be delivered in pursuance of this act, an indented receipt signedc edu e*

by such surveyor or inspector, or other person aforesaid, acknowledging the delivery of a list from the person by or on whose behalf the same shall be prepared as aforesaid, which receipt shall be made out in the form in the schedule to this act annexed; and the same shall be received and taken as proof of the delivery of a list in pursuance of this act, in any court, or before any person or persons, and in all cases whatever; and if any person 2°b penalty receiving any such lift under the authority of this act, shall neg- ferine re- - lect or refuse to deliver an indented receipt as hereby is directed, CeipLS. every such person shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Penalty for

penalty by this act imposed, for omitting in the lift: hereby re- Lifts^oUobe quired to be delivered, any servants, carriages, horses, mules, or fuedforwhere dogs, which ought to have been returned as aforesaid, shall not the parties be sued or prosecuted for, against any person or persons whatever, have been fur-in any case where such person or persons, before the commence- fufts

ment of such suit or prosecution, shall have been surcharged and

afieffed in double the duty hereby granted for such servants, carriages, horses, mules, or dogs.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing

herein contained shall be construed to vary the regulations con- tions of a<fta tained in any act or acts of parliament respecting the lifts required respecting de-to be delivered to the assessor or assessors of any parish or place, livery of lifts

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every inhabitantto householder of any house in which there shall be any lodger or toenter'in^3

x x 2 inmate book account of servants, See. kept by lodgers, and livery liable keepers of

ing certain particulars.

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 41. [1797.

inmate residing the rein, keeping any servant, or any carriage, horse, mule, or dog, liable to any of the said duties, shall, from time to time, enter into a book an account of every servant, and of every carriage, horse, mule, or dog, belonging to such lodger horses or car- or inrnate; and every livery liable keeper or other person receiv-irf^at liver*"nS any ^or^es or carriages to Hand at livery, or delivered to him and to deliver or ^er to be kept, fhaP a fr°tn time to time enter into a book lifts contain- an account of every horse or carriage {landing at livery, or kept by him or her as aforesaid; and every person hereby required to enter and keep such account shall, within twenty days after the fifth day of July and the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and within twenty days after the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October in every subsequent year, deliver a list in writing of every such lodger or inmate residing in the house of every such householder, and of every proprietor of any carriage, horse, or mule, (landing at livery, or delivered to such liable keeper or other person to be kept as a fore said; and every such lift to be delivered by such householder shall, to the bed of his or her knowledge or belief, express the christian and surname o-f every such lodger or inmate, and also of every servant; and every such lift to be delivered by such liable keeper or other person aforesaid, shall, to the bell of his or her knowledge or belief, express the christian and surname of the proprietor of every such carriage, horse, or mule; and every such lift shall also contain the greatest number of servants, carriages, horses, mules, and dogs, which any such lodger or inmate, or any such proprietor, shall have retained or kept in the dwelling house or premises of such householder, liable keeper, or other person, to the bell of his or her knowledge or belief; and if any inhabitant householder, or any liable keeper, or other person aforesaid, shall neglect to keep such account, or to deliver such last mentioned lift, or shall wilfully omit any description which ought to be contained therein, he or she so offending, shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds.

XIX. Provided always, That all persons who shall have returned the blank lifts delivered to them by the parish assessors, filled up according to the directions of this act, with the greatest number of servants, carriages, horses, mules, and dogs, retained by them, or by persons lodging in their houses, shall not be liable to prepare and deliver in the lifts above mentioned.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all the monies arising by the said rates and duties hereby imposed, the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted, shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

XXI. And whereas by divers of the said acts for granting several of- the said duties hereby repealed, it was provided, that during the /pace of ten years then next erf dng, there fioould be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said respective duties should,

together

Persons who have returned ( blank lifts filled up not liable to deliver others.

Monies to be paid into the exchequer.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 41. 65$

together with such other duties which were respectively granted for the purpose of waking a permanent addition to the publick revenue, and of defraying any increased charge occasioned by certain loans made and stock created by authority of parliament, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever; be it therefore further enacted, That during the remainders of the respective periods of Duties to be ten years, to be computed from the respective times of granting booksthe^ such of the said duties as aforesaid, there shall be separately en- Office Gf the tered in the books provided and kept in the said office of the auditor in auditor of the said receipt, for the purposes aforesaid, at the end certain proof every quarter of a year, ending the fifth day of January, the Portlons* fifth day of April, the fifth day of June^ and the tenth day of October^ yearly, the proportions herein after mentioned of the said duties hereby granted for the purpose of supplying the several accounts of the said rates and duties hereby repealed; (that is to say), There shall be reserved in the consolidated fund, for the general account existing prior to the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, out of the duties hereby granted on male servants, one fourth part of the sum of ninety-three thousand pounds; out of the duties hereby granted on carriages, one fourth part of the sum of two hundred thousand pounds; and out of the duties hereby granted on horses used for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of drawing certain carriages, one fourth part of the sum of one hundred and six thousand pounds, being respectively the annual average amounts, for three years preceding the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, of the rates and duties on male servants, carriages, and horses, used for the purposes aforesaid, hereby repealed; and that after reserving such fourth part of the said several sums of money, arising from the said respective duties, the remainder thereof, and also all other monies arising from the duties hereby granted, shall, at the end of each such quarter, be entered in the separate accounts directed to be kept at the office of the said auditor, in the proportions herein after prescribed;

(that is to say), In the separate account directed to be kept by several acts, passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, the sum of nine thousand three hundred and thirty pounds out of the said duties on male servants, the further sum of twenty thousand pounds out of the said duties on carriages, and the further sum of ten thousand six hundred pounds out of the said duties on horses used for the purposes aforesaid, being respectively the amounts of ten pounds per centum^ granted on the produce of the said duties on such male servants, carriages* and horses, hereby repealed, by certain acts passed in the said thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty; and in the separate account directed to be kept by several acts passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, the sum of nine thousand three hundred and thirty pounds out of the said duties on male servants, and the further sum of twenty thousand pounds out of the said duties on carriages, being reflectively the

months.

656 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 41. [1797.

amounts of ten pounds per centum granted on the produce of the said duties on such servants and carriages, by certain atfts passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of ids present Majesty; the further sum of one hundred and six thousand pounds out of the said duties on horses used for the purposes aforesaid, being the estimated produce for one year, ending the fifth day of Abril one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, according to the said average amount for three years, of the former duties on such horses; the further sum of ninety-five thousand pounds out of the said duties-on other horses and mules, being the actual produce thereof for one year, ending on the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and the further sum of seventy thousand pounds out of the said duties on dogs, being the actual produce thereof for one year, ending on the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and on the separate account directed to be kept as aforesaid, by several acts passed in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, the remainder of the rates and duties by this granted, as the same shall respectively arise at the end of each such quarter.

Application of

XXII. And be it further enacted, That one moiety of all pe-for witddcuniary penalties and forfeitures hereby imposed shall, if sued or wi in ix w; th; n space Of flx calendar months from the time of such penalties or forfeitures being incurred, be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of suit, to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same within the time aforesaid, and which shall and may be sued for in his Majesty's court of exchequer at Westminster, for offences committed in England, or in his Majesty's court of exchequer in Scotland, for offences committed in Scotland\ by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no eftoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance shall be allowed; but nevertheless it shall be lawful for his Majesty's attorney general in England, or his Majesty's advocate in Scotland, in case it shall appear to his satisfaction that any penalty or forfeiture was incurred without intention of fraud, to stay all further Scotland, may proceedings, by entering a noli prosequi, or otherwise, with re-stay proceed- spe& as well to the {hare of such penalty or forfeiture claimed by inSs* such informer or informers, as to the {hare thereof belonging to

his Majesty.

Recovery and

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in applicahon of cjefau}t Of prosecution within the time herein-before limited, no^ such penalty or forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable, except

in the name of his Majesty's attorney general in England, and of his Majesty's advocate in Scotland, by information in the court of exchequer in England or Scotland respectively, in which case the whole of such penalty or forfeiture shall belong to his Ma-iVXd.cu efty, his heirs and successors; and that all penalties and forfei-be paiXaMhe tures, and shares of penalties and forfeitures, incurred as afore-commissioners said, belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall ot taxes shall be paj<3 into foe hands of such person or persons as the com-appomt, &c. r missioners

Attorney general in England, and his Majesty's advocate in

penalties not sued for in six months

Penalties to his Majesty to

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 41. 657

missioners for the affairs of taxes shall appoint to receive the same, to the use of his Majesty; and that in all cases where the whole of such pecuniary penalties or forfeitures shall be recovered to the use of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners to cause such reward as they shall think fit, not exceeding one moiety of such penalty or forfeiture so recovered, after deducting all charges and expences incurred in recovering the same, to be paid thereout to or amongst any person or persons who shall appear to them entitled thereto as informers, in respect of such penalties or forfeitures so 'recovered; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit Limitation of shall be brought against any person or persons for any thing done a<^io118'

in pursuance of this atf, such action or suit shall be commenced within six months next after the fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the county or place where the cause of complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or General IfiUe* defendants in every such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the specia] matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonfuired, or discontinue his or their action or suit after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any de- Treble cofU. fendant hath in any other cases to recover costs by law.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this act may be varied, may be altered, or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in this present session of parliament* Son*

SCHEDULE A.

A SCHEDULE of the rates and duties payable for every Male Servant retained or employed by any person or persons in the several capacities referred to in the ach

Number of Servants*

For one such servant and no more - For two such servants and no more - For three and not more than four such servants - For fiye and not more than seven such servants - For eight such servants and no more For nine such servants and no more -

For ten such servants and no more And for eleven such servants and upwards -

For every such servant retained and employed by any male person never having been married -

X X 4

IXTIES payability i*at'h Servant.

&, s. d»

1 jO 0

2 2 O

2 34 O

' 3 6 G

3 12 G

3 l8 O

4 4 O

4 l6 Q

I lO Oj The;

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 41. [1797.

The said rates and duties to be paid by the matter or mistress of such servants, and not to extend to any male servant retained pr employed solely for the purposes of husbandry, or manufactures, or of any trade or calling by which the matter or miftiefs of such servant earns a livelihood, and to be subject to all other the exemptions contained in any act or acts in force.

SCHEDULE B.

A SCHEDULE of the rates and duties payable for every Carriage of the several descriptions herein after mentioned, kept by any person or persons.

Number of Carriages. DUTIES payable for each carriage.

For one such carriage with four wheels and no more X*9s. 12 d. 0

For two such carriages with four wheels and no more 10 4 0

For three such carriages with four wheels and no more 11 4 0

For four such carriages with four wheels and no more 11 8 0

For five such carriages with four wheels and no more 11 11 0

For fix such carriages with four wheels and no more 11 12 0

For seven such carriages with four wheels and no more 11 13 6

And for eight such carriages with four wheels and upwards -- 11 H 0

The said rates and duties to be charged for every coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calash, chaise marine, chaise with four wheels, or caravan with four wheels, or any number thereof, by whatsoever name or names the same may be called or known, kept by any person or persons for his or their own use, or to let out to hire, except as herein after mentioned; and to be subject to all the exemptions contained in any adfc or acts in force.

For every such carriage with four wheels let to hire for the purpose of travelling post for a day, or any less period of time, or by the mile, or from stage to ttage, by any pottmatter, innkeeper, or other person duly licensed to let post horses by the commissioners for managing the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, and whereon the name or names, and place of abode of the person or persons so licensed shall be marked or painted, according to the directions of the ad in that case made and provided; and for every coach or diligence with four wheels, which shall be kept and employed as a publick ttage coach, for the purpose of conveying passengers for hire, to and from different places within this kingdom, and which shall be duly entered as such with the said last mentioned of -

For every such carriage with less than four wheels

880

440

The

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 41.

The said last mentioned rate and duty to be charged on every calash, chaise, or chair, with less than four wheels, or by whatsoever other name or names such carriage may be called or known, kept by any person or persons for his, her, or their own use, or to let out to hire, to be paid by the person or persons keeping or using such carriages; and to be subject to a!2 the exemptions contained in any acd or acts in force.

SCHEDULE C.

A SCHEDULE of the rates and duties payable for all Horses, Mares, and Geldings, kept and used by any person or persons for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of drawing any carriage chargeable with duty by this act.

Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings.

DUTIES payable for each hori'e, mare, or gelding.

For one such horse, mare, or gelding, and no more For two such horses, mares, or geldings, and no more For three such horses, mares, or geldings, and no more For four such horses, mares, or geldings, and no more For five such horses, mares, or geldings, and no more For fix such horses, mares, or geldings, and no more For seven, and not more than eight such horses, mares, or geldings -

For nine such horses, mares, or geldings, and no more -

For ten and not more than twelve such horses,

mares, or geldings -

For thirteen and not more than sixteen such horses, mares, or geldings For seventeen such horses, mares, or geldings, and no more - For eighteen such horses, mares, or geldings, and no more -

For nineteen such horses, mares, or geldings, and no more -

For twenty such horses, mares, or geldings, or upwards -

£ s. d.

I 4 0

I 16 0

2 2 0

2 5 0

2 6 0

2 10 0

2 11 0

2 11 6

2 12 0

2 12 6

23 0

23 6

2 H Q

25 0

The said rates and duties to be paid by the person or persons keeping and using the said horses, mares, or geldings, and to be subject to all the exemptions contained in any act or acts in force.

SCHEDULE

<300

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 41.

[1797. SCHEDULE jD.

A SCHEDULE of the rates and duties payable for Horses, Mares, and Geldings, not charged with any duty, according to schedule C. and also on Mules.

Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, or Mules. DLTlta )>ayat>.e for each horse, marc, or gelding, or mule.

For each horse, m$re, or gelding, kept by any person, and not charged with any duty, according to schedule C, as aforesaid, and for each mule -, £ j- d' 06c

The said rate or duty to be p2td by the person or persons keeping such horses, mares, geldings, or mules, and to be subject to all the exemptions contained in any aci or acts in force, and not to be charged for any mule which shall not have been used, nor for any horse, mare, or gelding, of any person duly licensed to keep a publick stage coach or diligence, used and employed solely by such person in drawing such stage coach or diligence.

SCHEDULE E.

A SCHEDULE of the rates and duties payable for every Dog of the several descriptions herein after mentioned, kept by or for the use of any person or persons.

Number of Dogs,

DUTIES payable for each do.?.

For every greyhound, hound, pointer, setting dog, spaniel, lurcher, or terrier, and for every dog of whatever description or denomination the same may be, where any person shall keep two or more dogs

For any dog (not being a greyhound, hound, setting dog, spaniel, lurcher, or terrier), kept by or for the use of any person inhabiting a dwelling-house, a fie fled to 2ny of the duties on houses, windows, or lights, or on inhabited houses, where one such dog and no more shall be kept by or for the use of such person -

o

3. d. 6 o

4 o

The said rates and duties to be paid by the persons respectively keeping such dogs, or for whose use the same shall be kept, and to be subject to all the exemptions contained in any act or acts, in force; and also to the regulations contained in an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, authorising a composition to be made in respect to hounds kept by any person, on payment yearly of the sum of twenty-four pounds^ instead of the sum therein mentioned*

SCHEDULE

A. N*

County of Parifla of

Surveyor.

o

o

ft

a

3

na

3

O-

m

o 3 v <y

2

5 Cl. S'2 2.

O'*

n.aq r-r a> 2^ cu

<0 CD

O^f — r*

2 o- sT.

CD D O

- §

0*9: 2

*1 c 3

03 5T O < O

sr 3.

Cl S' O

CTQ -n o n,

- I

CD

v<

O

CD Ot

tJ ft)

£3 CO

D 3 cs E 3

CJ-

o

ft>

cr o

CO

* a

County of Parish of

SCHEDULE

A. N°

Surveyor.

The ACCOUNT of the greatest number of servants, carriages, horses, mules, and dogs, which have been kept at any one time between the day of April

and the day of April by me of and also the several other places of my residence where I am or ought to be assessed to the duties on inhabited houses, or on windows or lights, or on any of the duties before mentioned; videlicet.

Places where the duties are to be paid, with the number againtf each. bervants. Four wheel carriages. Two wheel carriages. Ilorfes for riding or for drawing carriages. Other horses. Horses j exempted.

In the above parish -other places, videlicet; parish of county of d° do d° do d° d° Total -

Mules.

Dogs.

Taxed

carts.

Witness my hand this day of

If either be in a cit or town, the the number of the house and the street must be inserted.

s

Cv

ON

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 41.

66z

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 42.

[1797. CAP. XLII.

An act for granting to kis Majesty an additional duty of excise upon tea; and for repealing so much of an aS?, made in the last session of parliament, as charges a duty of five pounds per centum upon tea imported into or fold in Great Britain.

[May 10, 1798.]

Most gracious Soverei:

?n.

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue, as shall be adequate to the increased charge ©ccafioned by any loan to be raised, or ilock to be created, by virtue of any act or acts for that purpose to be passed in this session of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the additional duty herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons* in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successois, over and above all duties An additional already imposed for or in respect thereof by any acts of parlia- duty of tx- ment, the further duty of excise herein after mentioned; that is

cite of 5l. per to say, For and upon all tea, which, from and after the passing

of tins act, shall be sold in Great Britain, by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East indies, for two shillings and six pence per pound weight and upwards, or which having been so fold, shall be found in any warehouse belonging to the said united company after the passing of this act, a duty of five pounds per centum, to be computed upon the gross prices at which such tea shall be sold, to be paid by the purchaser or purchasers of such tea to the said united company, and to be paid by the said united company to the commissioners of excise for

pjffinpthlsia the time being.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said duty by this act imposed shall be under the management of the commissioners of excise for the time being, and shall be again drawn back and repaid upon the exportation of such tea to any place where a drawback of the duty on tea is now allowed by law, and upon the same terms and conditions, and under, subject, and according to be allowed on the same rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, pe-xportation, nalues, and forfeitures as are respectively contained, provided, settled, or established by any act or acts of parliament in force immediately before the passing of this act, and relating to the exportation of tea; and the said rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, shall be, and the same respectively are hereby directed to be duly observed, practised, applied, and put in execution upon such exportation of any

cent, to he paid on tea fold, in Great Britain by the East India company for 2S. 6d. per lb. and upwards, or having been fold and found in their ware-houses alter

Duty to be under the ma nagement of the commissioners of excise, and a drawback to

L.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 42. 663

such tea; and the said duty by this act imposed shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid by such persons, and under, subjeel, and according to the rule^, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, which are respectively contained, provided, settled, or established, by any act or acts of parliament in force immediately before the passing of this act, and relating to the excise duties payable for or in respect of tea; and the said rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures respectively, shall be, and the same respectively are hereby directed to be duly observed, pradiled, and put in execution, for the raising, levying, collecting, and paying the said duty by this act imposed, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the said rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, were particularly repeated and again enacted in this act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all tea taken and con- Pr, ze tea fold

demned as prize, and sold by the captors or their agents, pursuant to

to the rules, regulations, and restrictions prescribed by an act, ^34 to he passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, subject to intituled An act for the relief of the captors of prizes, with respect additional

to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom, shall au be subject and liable to the additional duty by this act imposed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the monies from time Duties to be to time arising by the duty by this act imposed (the necessary paid into the charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall exchequer, from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster; and the said money, so paid in as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Application monies to arise by the duty by this act imposed, or so much °* duties, thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an addition made

to the revenue for the purpose of defraying the increased charge occasioned by such part of any loan made, or flock created or to be created, by virtue of any act or acts passed'or to be passed in this session of parliament, as shall not exceed the sum of seven millions^and the said monies, during the space of ten years next ensuing, shall continue to be paid into the said receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; and there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arising by the said duty, and paid into the said receipt, shall, together with the monies arising from any other duties, granted in this session of parliament for the purpose of defraying such part of such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

VI. And whereas by an act passed in the last session of parliament, 37 Geo. 3. for granting to his Majesty certain duties of customs on goods, wares, c* recited, and merchandize imported into, exported from, or brought and carried coastwise within Great Britain, except ivine and coals when

brought

' by

664 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 43. [1797.

brought or carried coastwise, and for other purposes, an additional duty of customs, at and after the rate of five pounds per centum upon the produce and amount of the fiveral duties of customs then pay-

and rc ealed a^e^WClS imP°fe^ upon a; V wares, and merchandizes

so far as it*imported into Great Britain, with certain exceptions as in the fail extends to recited act are particularly mentioned: and whereas it is expedient charge the that the said recited all should be repealed, so far as the same extends duty of 5l. f0 charge the said duty of five pounds per centum upon any tea im-tea imported11 Porie^nt0 or f°M ln Great Britain: be it therefore enacted, That the said recited act shall be, and the same is hereby repealed, so far as the same extends to charge the said duty of five pounds per centum upon any tea imported into Great Britain, or any tea sold at the Tales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, from and after the passing of the said afterpaffingit; recited act.

and the com-

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case the duty of five the^aistoms^ Pounc's Per centum shall have been paid upon any tea imported may order re-nto Great Britain, or sold at the sales of the said company, in payment of pursuance of the said recited act, it Thail and may be lawful for any such duty the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England, or any so paid. four or more of them, to order the repayment of such duty so paid, and to cayfe the same to be repaid in such manner as they the said of shall think proper.

into Great Britain, or sold at the sales of the East India company,

CAP. XLIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on salt.

[May 10, 1798.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making a permanent addition to the publick revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several new and additional rates and duties on salt herein respectively mentioned; anti do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-The following thority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected,

dutfes°onValt an<^ Pa^> to an^ for t^e u& of his Majesty, his heirs and facto be paid: ceftors, for and upon all salt, over and above the rates and duties

now due and payable thereon, by any act or acts of parliament now in force, the several additional rates and dudes following; that is to say,

For every builiel of foreign felt imported into Great Britain, alt. r April 30, 1798, ios.

For every bushel of salt, not being the produdf or manufacture of Great Britain, which shall have been imported into Great Britain after the thirtieth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or tthich shall be imported, there shall be

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 43. 665

be charged the sum of tea shillings, and after that rate for any greater or less quantity:

For every bushel of salt not being of the produdf or manufac- For every tare of Great Britain, which shall have been imported into Great Britain, and which, after the thirtieth day of April one thousand found in any seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall have been or shall be found veffd, or in any ship or vessel, in which the same shall have been import- warehoused ed, or in any lighter or other vessel, after the unshipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any quay or wharf upon the charged\vith first landing thereof, or which, after the hid thirtieth day of the additional April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall have duty, ios* been or shall be in any cellar or warehouse, in which the same shall have been put, subject and according to the rules, regulations, restrictions, and provisions, contained and provided by any act or acts of parliament, concerning the cellaring or warehousing of foreign or imported salt, and which shall not have been charged with the additional duty hereby granted, there shall be charged the sum of ten shillings, and after the same rate for any greater or less quantity:

For every bushel of salt and rock salt, which, from and after For every the thirtieth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety- huftiel ot salt eight, shall have been or be made at any salt work, or taken out ^ade°or^of any salt pit or pits in Great Britain, there shall be charged taken'out of the sum of five shillings, and after that rate for any greater or any pit in less quantity: Great Britain,

For every bushel of salt and rock salt which shall have been 3°*

made at any salt work, or taken out of any salt pit or pits in^forever Great Britain, and which, from and after the thirtieth day of bushe^of^uch April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall have salt lent out been or shall be sold, delivered, or sent out of or from any cellar, of any ware* warehouse, storehouse, or other place, belonging to or occupied by the proprietor or proprietors, or occupier or occupiers of any not charged salt work, or salt pit or pits, or which, from and after the said with the ad-thirtieth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety- ditional eight, shall have been or shall be sold, delivered, or sent out of^ufcy> 5S-S

or from any cellar, warehouse, storehouse, or other place, in which the same shall have been put before the duty now payable thereon shall have been paid, and which shall not have been charged with the additional duty by this act granted, there shall be charged the Turn of five shillings, and after the same rate for any greater or less quantity:

For every bushel of salt and rock salt, which, from and after the thirtieth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall have been or shall be imported from Scotland into England, accompanied with a certificate from the proper officer that it hath paid the duty now payable on salt imported from Scotland to England, and which shall not have been charged with the additional duty hereby granted, there shall be charged the sum of five shillings, and after the same rate for any greater or less quantity:

And

and for every bushel imported from Scotland into England, that has paid the duty now payable on such importation, 5S4,

666

The additional duty to

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 43. [1797.

allowed as the present duties.

Duties to be under the management of the commissioners of excise on salt.

And that a drawback of the additional duty be allowed upon

n -.the exportation of all salt made in Great Britain. be allowed on r

Duties and Which said several and rerfpedfive additional rates and duties here-drawbacks to in-before granted, and drawbacks hereby allowed, shall and may be paid and from time to time be charged, raised, received, levied, collected, recovered, secured, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and sucessors, by such ways and means, and under such management, and subject to such penalties and forfeitures, and with such power of adjudging and mitigating penalties and forfeitures, and subject to itch allowances, repayments, rules, regulations, and directions, in all respects, (not other wise directed by this act), as the present duties on salt are or can, by any law or statute now in force, be charged, raised, received, levied, collected, recovered, fecuted, and paid, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the several and respective powers, authorities, methods, penalties, forfeitures, fines, powers of recovery, and mitigation of penalties, forfeitures, and fines, allowances, repayments, rules, regulations, directions, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act.

II. And be it further enacted, That such of the duties by this act imposed as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the management of the commissioners of his Majesty's duties of excise upon salt in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the management of the commissioners of excite upon salt in Scotland for the time being.

III. And whereat contraffs or agreements may have been made before the said thirtieth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, by importers and dealers in foreign salt, and by makers of or dealers in salt, in Great Britain, for such salt respectively to be delivered after the said thirtieth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight-, be it therefore enacted, That such importers or dealers, and such makers or dealers respectively delivering such salt after the said thirtieth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in pursuance of such contracts, shall

April30, 1798, be allowed to add so much money as will be equivalent to the dTlivered°after ^u^es' ^y this imposed and paid for or in respect of such salt that day. respectively, to the price thereof, and shall be entitled by virtue of this act to be paid for the same.

Duties to be

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the monies arising paid into the by the duties by this act imposed, (the necessary charges of exchequer. raJfing and accounting for the same excepted), shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer ztlVeJl-minster, and the said monies so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

Application of V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the duties. monies arising or to arise by the said additional rates and duties,

or any of them, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue

for

The additional duty to be added on contracts made before

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 44 667

for the purpose of defraying the increased charge occasioned by such part of any loan made, or dock created or to be created by virtue of any act or acts passed or to be passed in this session of parliament, as shall not exceed the sum of seven millions; and that the said monies shall, during the space of ten years next ensuing, be paid into the said receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster, didindly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt, shall, together with the monies arising from any other rates and duties granted in this session of parliament for the purpose of defraying such part of such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be ad, or any part thereof, or the duties hereby granted, or any altered or part thereof, may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any ad or fe^on. 18 acts to be made in this present session of parliament.

CAP. XLIV.

An act to enable his Majesty to call out a part of the militia in that part of Great Britain, called Scotland, and to amend an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to raise and embody a militia force in that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.

[May io, 1798.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act to raise and embody a 37 Geo. 3. militia force in that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called c* I0* Scotland, the number of men to be so raised is limited to six thousand men\ and his Majesty is thereby empowered (by order in council) to embody and call out the said six thousand men: and whereas by an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to give further time for executing, and for en- 3* Geo. 3. larging the powers of an act, made in the last session of parliament, c' la> recited* intituled, cAn act to raise and embody a militia force in that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, ' his Majesty, notwithstanding no accounts or fates of persons. liable to serve as militia men had been transmitted for certain of the counties, Jlewartries, cities, and places, in Scotland, is empowered, from the lifts, Jlates, and.accounts, which had been transmitted to his Majesty's privy council, previously to apportion and divide over the fevera I counties, fewartries, cities, and places, from which such liss, fates, and accounts, had been transmitted, the number of militia men to serve for each such county, feivartry, city, or place: and whereas his Majesty has been pleased, by his order in council, to apportion and divide a certain number of men amongf the several counties, fewartries, cities, and places, in Scotland, which have made such returns as aforesaid: and whereas doubts have Vol. XLI. Y y arifin

668 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 44* f 1797.

His Majesty-, by order in council, may order any part of the men dire<9: ed by the recited acts to be apportioned among the counties, &c. to be embodied, and put under the command of general officers.

arifett whe thery by the said several tiffs, his Majesty is empowered to embody and ctiU otit part of the men so to be ballotted\ without calling out the whole \ and in case his Majesty should think fit so to do, hi what manner the men so to be called out can be feleffect: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by order in ebUiicil, from time to time, to order and direct any part of the men by the said acts directed to be apportioned and divided amongst the several counties, stewartries, cities, and places aforesaid j to be embodied and called out, as his Majesty shall think fit, and for that purpose either to direct the whole of the men bal-iotted for any particular county, stewartry, city, or place, with their officers, or any proportion of such men, with any particular number or description of their officers, or any proportion of men in each county, stewartry, city, or place, with any proportion or description of officers serving for such county, stewartry, city, or place, as his Majesty shall judge proper to be so embodied and called out, and to put such men as his Majesty shall think proper from time to time to cause to be embodied and called out as

When his Majesty shall Order any proportion of men to be embodied, the county lieutenant, Scc. to appoint vrhat numbers shall be taken from the men ballotted for each district, and appoint sub-division meetings for bal-lotting for them, &c.

aforesaid, under the command of such general officers as his Majesty shall be pleased to appoint, and to direct: such forces to be led by their respective officers into such parts of the kingdom, and for such purposes as by the first-mentioned act his Majesty is authorised to direct, with respect to the whole of the men thereby directed to be ballptted, and generally to do, and to order and direct to be done, all matters and things touching such parts of the said men as his Majesty shall, from time to time, think, proper to embody and call out in pursuance of this act, in like manner as his Majesty is, by the said first-mentioned act, empowered to do with respect to the whole of the said six thousand men* any thing in the said first-receited act contained to the contrary not withstan ding.

II. And be it enacted, That whenever his Majesty shall think proper to direct any proportion of men ballotted to serve for any county, stewartry, city, or place, to be embodied and called out as aforesaid, the lieutenant for such county, stewartry, city, or place, together with two or more of the deputy lieutenants, or on the death Or removal, or in the absence of the lieutenant, any three or more of the deputy lieutenants shall appoint what numbers of such men so directed to be embodied and called out, shall be taken from the men ballotted to serve for each of the several didrifts, parishes, or other divisions of such county, stewartry, city, or place, and shall appoint subdivision meetings to be holder* for the purpose of ballotting for such numbers of men to be embodied and called out for each of such districts, parishes, or other divisions, at which subdivision meetings respectively the deputy lieutenants, justices of the peace, and schoolmaster, attending, shall proceed to ballot for the number of men appointed to be

embodied

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 44. 669

embodied and called out for each district, parish, or other division as aforesaid, by the same methods, rules, and regulations, and in like manner as the original ballot for men to serve for such districts, parishes, or other divisions respectively, is directed to be made by the said several acts, or either of them; and the names Names of of all the men so ballotted for the purpose of being embodied and men so bal-called out as aforesaid, shall be marked on the lift of the men ^rkec^on^ ballotted to serve for such districts, parishes, or other divisions an(i

respectively, and when the ballot shall be concluded, the lift of to be embo-the men so ballotted for the purpose of being embodied and called died* out, shall be publickly read, and the names of all the men so chosen by ballot for the purpose of being embodied and called out as aforesaid, shall be returned to the clerk of the general meeting of the county, stewartry, city, or place, for which such men shall be ballotted as aforesaid, and the persons so chosen by ballot to be embodied and called out as aforesaid, shall be embodied and called out accordingly; and the lieutenant or deputy Notice to be lieutenants for such county, stewartry, city, or place, shall, at a general meeting to be appointed for that purpose, direct notice to t^e tjme and be given to the men who shall have been ballotted for the purpose place of of being embodied and called out in pursuance of this act, of the assembling for time and place of their assembling in order to their being embodied, and the men who shall be so declared to have been ballotted in pursuance of this act, shall immediately proceed and repair to, and shall duly attend at, the time and place so to be appointed and declared, in order to their being embodied accordingly; and ^ay to c°m-the pay of every such man who shall be so embodied in pursuance^en

of this act, shall commence on the day on which such men re- ballot. spectively shall be so chosen by ballot to be embodied and called out into actual service.

III. And be it further enacted, That if at any meeting as Before or on aforesaid, on or before the twenty-second day of May one thou- May 22, 1798, sand seven hundred and ninety-eight, any persons or person shall may^e^c-offer themselves or himself as volunteers or a volunteer, to be cepted as embodied and called out, and serve as militia men or as a militia substitutes man, for any districft, parish, or other division, instead of any men [or or man to be ballotted for in pursuance of the said act, and shall 10 te y c* be approved and accepted as able and fit for service as herein after mentioned, it shall be lawful for the deputy lieutenants and justices present at such meeting, to accept such offer, and to enter the names or name of such volunteers or volunteer upon a list to be made for that purpose; and if the number of men who shall To offer as volunteers, shall be equal to the number of men dU re6ied to be embodied or called out for such district, parish, or division, the said deputy lieutenants and justices shall not proceed to ballot for any men to be embodied and called out for such distritft, parish, or division, but shall return such lift of volunteers instead of a list of men ballotted in pursuance of the directions for that purpose herein-before contained; and in case the number If sufficient of persons who shall so offer to be embodied and called out, and ^Jjn^r^er to serve as volunteers, shall not be equal to the whole number of^er

Y Y 2 men trift, so many

670

men as shall be necessary to complete the number to be ballotted for.

Volunteers not having been ballotted to serve, to be sworn and enrolled.

Volunteers to* be approved by two deputy lieutenants, &c.

Volunteers, or ballotted men not appearing to be embodied, to be deemed deserters;

and If such volunteers do not appear within two months, the persons for whom accepted shall serve, or find other jubstitutes.

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 44. [1797.

men directed to be embodied and called out for such district, par fh, or division, the said lieutenants and justices shall ballot according to the directions herein-before contained, for so many men only as shall be necessary, together with such volunteers, to complete the number directed to be embodied and called out for such district, parish, or division, and shall return such lift of volunteers, and a list of such ballotted men, making together the complete number of men required, in the same manner as lifts of ballotted men are herein-before directed to be returned as aforesaid; and if any such volunteer as aforesaid shall not have been before ballotted to serve in the militia for such district, parish, or division, such volunteer shall be sworn and enrolled to serve in the militia for such districts, parish, or division, in the same manner as if such volunteer had been offered and approved as a substitute in pursuance of the said act made in the thirty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign: provided always, That every such volunteer who shall be accepted and returned as aforesaid, shall be able and fit for service, and approved by two or more of the said, deputy lieutenants, as such, before his offer to serve as a volunteer as aforesaid shall be accepted; and in case any such volunteer as aforesaid, who shall be so approved and accepted as aforesaid, shall offer to serve as a substitute for any person before ballotted to serve as aforesaid, not being himself a ballotted militia man, the person for whom he shall so offer to serve as a substitute, shall, upon his being accepted, sworn, and enrolled as aforesaid, be discharged from further service, in the same manner as if such person had provided a substitute in pursuance of the directions of the said act of the thirty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign; and if such volunteer shall be a ballotted militia man, but shall offer to serve instead of another man chosen by ballot to be embodied and called out for the same distries, parish, or division, the service of such volunteer shall be accepted instead of the person for whom he shall offer to serve as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any such volunteer as aforesaid, or any person so chosen by ballot to be called out and embodied as aforesaid, shall pot appear at the time and place which shall be appointed for his appearance, to be embodied as aforesaid, and march in pursuance of such orders as shall be given for that purpose, every such person, unless labouring under some infirmity incapacitating him to serve as a militia man, shall be liable to be apprehended and punched as a deserter, according to the provisions of any act then in force for punishing mutiny and ciefertion; and if any such volunteer so neglecting to appear and march, shall not be taken within two calendar months after he ought to have appeared and marched as aforesaid, the person for whom he shall have been accepted as a volunteer or substitute, shall, within one calender month after notice for that purpose, personally appear and serve as a militia man, and he duly sworn and enrolled accordingly to join the regiment cr body of militia to which he shall belong, or shall find another able and fit person to serve as a substitute, who shall be approved and accepted by two

or

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 44, 671

or more of the faic) deputy lieutenants, and (worn and enrolled If a volunteer accordingly; and if any such volunteer who shall so ne^lecl to

C /.r, n n 1 re i " i L. lUOftltUte IOC

appear and march as aforesaid, lb all not have offeree and been any p^rtic\il^r accepted to serve indead of any particular per Ton before chosen person, oruif by ballot to be embodied and called out as aforesaid, or if any any roan person so chosen by bailot, shall neglect to appear and march as a

aforesaid, and shall not be taken as a deserte* within two calendar not appearing, months after he ought to have appeared and marched as aforesaid, shall not be notice thereof shall be given to the didridl, parish, or division, for taken within whkh such person ought to have -served as aforesaid; and unless s9

such district, parish, or division, shall, within one calendar month district: for after such notice, procure a fit and able person to serve indead of which he such deserter, who shall be accepted and approved by two or ought to serve more of the said deputy lieutenants, and sworn and enrolled, the th^fter

deputy lieutenants and judices adding for the county, dewartry, notice, procity, or place, shall proceed to ballot for another person to serve cure a fit per-for the didridt, parish, or division, for which such deserter ought son in his to have served as aforesaid, in the same manner as herein-before to'be

directed for the original ballot for men to be embodied and called jiac}. out as aforesaid; and in case such deserter shall be afterwards 3UC^ jefert. taken, such deserter shall nevertheless be compelled to serve in ers, if taken, the same manner as he would tyave served if he had appeared atto be compel-the time and place appointed for that purpose.eu to ^erve*

V. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear to Deputy lieu-any two or more deputy lieutenants assembled at any subdivision ^use other meeting, that any militia man so embodied as aforesaid is dead; persons to be or that any such militia man is unfit for service, and such militia chosen-by man shall therefore be discharged, such deputy lieutenants shall bailot, hj the.forthwith cause another person to be chosen by ballot to be em-

bodied and called out in the (lead of the militia man so dead or charged, discharged, and from the didrids, parish, or division, which furnished the man or men fodeccafed or discharged; and inch person illal serve accordingly by himself or his sufficient substitute, in the same manner as if he had been originally chosen by ballot to be embodied and called out in pursuance of this a£L

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his His Majesty Majesty to cause the number of men to be drawn out and em- menmbo^ bodied as aforesaid, from time to time* to be formed into such {p, e^ to^regiments or battalions, to consist of such companies, and of such formed, and number of men in each company, and to fix the number and rank officered, ys of officers in such regiment and battalion, and a Mb such number of serjeants in each company*as his Majesty shall think expedient; P*4^3*

any thing in the said act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the proceedings which Proceedings may have been had and done at any general meeting of the

lieutenants and deputy He-utenants* or any three or more of them, within 34

within fourreen days after the receipt of his iVIajefb/s order in days after

council, shall be valid and effectual, and also all proceedings receipt of his

- Majesty's

which shall be held and done at

any

general m

rcting of the

lieutenants and deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, coimcih to be which maybe summoned by the lieutenant, or failing of him, any valid,

Y y 3 three

672 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 45- [1797.

three or more deputy lieutenants, subsequent to the said fourteen days, and before the twenty-second day of May, shall be equally valid and effectual as if the same had been done, and the same proceedings had, within the said fourteen days.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said first-recited act as authorises the captains of companies to appoint drummers, corporals, and non-commissioned officers, to the said militia, shall be and is hereby repealed, and that the colonel or commanding officer of every regiment or battalion of militia, may and shall appoint two persons to be drummers to each company,

the colonel or and may and shall appoint corporals in the proportion of one to commanding twenty men, and may displace such drummers and corporals respectively for rnifbehaviour, and appoint others in their room, from time to time, as he shall see occasion, and may and shall appoint the serjeants in the regiment or battalion under his command, and also fill up such vacancies of serjeants as may happen therein*, and it shall be lawful for the said colonel or commanding officer as aforesaid, to displace any person so appointed a serjeant, and to dismiss, or cause such person so displaced to be reduced to the rank of a private militia man; and the colonel or commanding officer of every regiment or battalion of militia, may appoint a serjeant major and a drum major; and that all serjeants, corporals, and drummers, having received pay as such from any regiment or battalion, shall be deemed to be engaged, and compellable to serve in such regiment or battalion until they be legally discharged.

IX. Provided always, That no person who shall keep any house of publick entertainment, or who shall fell any ale or wine, or any brandy or other spirituous liquors, by retail, shall be capable of being appointed, or serving as a serjeant, corporal, or drummer, in the said militia.

So much of first recited act as authorise6 the cap-12iris to appoint drummers, &c. repealed, and

officer to appoint them, and also fer jeants*. &c.

No victualler to be a serjeant, corporal, or drummer*

CAP. XLV.

An act to prevent, during the war, persons residing or being in Great Britain from advancing money or effects for the purchase or on the credit of debts owing to any of the governments in Switzerland, or any bodies politick or corporate, or any persons therein, without licence for that purpose; for extending the provisions of an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, more effectually to prevent, during the present war between Great Britain and France, all traiterous correspondence with, or aid or affifiance being given to, his Majesty's enemies, to Switzerland; and also the provisions of an act, made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for preventing money or effects in the hands of his Majesty's subjects, belonging to, or disposeable by, any persons ref dent in France, being applied to the use of the persons exercising the powers of government in France, and for preserving the property thereof for the benefit of the individual owners thereof to the United Provinces, and to Switzerland, and to the persons ever dying the pGwers of government therein, and also to the persons, territories, and places, under their government

[May io, 1798.]

WHEREAS

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 45. 673

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to prevent persons residing or being in Great Britain from advancing money or effects for the purchase or on the credit of debts owing to any of the governments in Switzerland, or atiy bodies politick or corporate, or any persons therein, during the present wqr, without licence first obtained for that purpose: be it enacted by the King's'most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any person residing or being in Ifany resident Great Britain during the said war, knowingly and wilfully, in Great Britain or elsewhere, shall make, or agree to make, or ma]: e? or pro_ canfe or procure to be made, any advance of money whatsoever, cure to be or of goods, merchandize, or effects, or other valuable thing made, any whatsoever, to any of such governments, or body politick or cor- ^e^rchafe porate, or any persons or person whomsoever therein, or fha]j of^y'debt accept, pay, indorse, or negotiate, or agree to accept, pay, in- due to any dorfe, or negotiate, or cause or procure to be accepted, paid, government i; idorfed, or negotiated, or shall guarantee or agree to be security for the payment of any bill of exchange, or other bill, note, or shall'foTfeit security for money, for or in consideration of any purchase or I(X>o]. and transfer of any debt or debts, or of any share or interest in any treble the debt or debts, due or owing to any of the said governJBents, or v^ue of t^c of any territories or places now dependent ther.eon, or under the3 'ance* government of any of them* or due or owing to any persons or person residing or being within any of the said governments, territories, or places, or for or in consideration of or upon the security or credit of any such debt or debts, or shall knowingly and wilfully, in any manner whatsoever, purchase, or agree to purchase, or become entitled to or iritereffed in, for valuable consideration, or by way of security or indemnity, any such debt or debts, or any parts or part of any such debt or debts, every person so offending shal), for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one thousand pounds, and also treble the amount or value of the money, goods, merchandize, effects, or valuable thing, so advanced, or agreed to be advanced, as aforesaid, or of such bill of exchange, or other bill, note, or security for money, with respe£i to which any such dealing shall be had as aforesaid.

JL And be it further enacted, That all contracts and agreements whatsoever touching or concerning any such debt or debts debtsto as aforesaid> or any parts or part of any such debt or debts, or fie void, touching any money or other valuable consideration advanced, or to be advanced, for or in respect of any such debt or debts, or for or in respect of any goods, merchandize, effects, or other valuable thing fold, or agreed to be sold, or for or in reipedf of any bills of exchange, or other bills, notes, or -securities, drawn* accepted, iodorfed, negotiated, given, or executed, in consideration thereof, or by way of security, indemnity, or otherwise, for or concerning the same, shall be null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any broker, or other person residing.or being in Great Britain, shall knowingly and f«ch dealing: ,

Y 4 wiL to forfeit 50cL

Recovery of pen Lies.

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 45. [1797.

wilfully, in Great Britain or elsewhere, negotiate or transact, for commUfion or otherwise, any dealing prohibited by this act, every person so offending shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds to any person who will sue for the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the penalties and forfeitures aforesaid shall and may be recovered, in that part of Great Britain called England, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at JVefl-minster, or by information or bill in equity; and in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by action or summary bill or information in the courts of session or exchequer in Scotland; and to any such information or bill in equity the party or parties against whom the same shall be exhibited, shall be obliged and compelled to answer upon oath for discovery of the dealings and transactions by means whereof such penalties and forfeitures shall have been incurred; and it shall be lawful for the court wherein such information or bill shall be exhibited to proceed and decree thereupon, and enforce such decree in the same manner as is used in odier causes in the said courts.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing

thhin<don*in a<^ contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, ' to

licence from any ac^ which shall be done by any person, or in any place, by virtue of or in obedience to any licence or authority from his Majesty, either under his sign manual, or by order in council or proclamation, or by virtue of or in obedience to any licence or authority from any persons or person to be authorised by his Majesty, under his sign manual or otherwise, as his Majesty shall think fit, to give such licence or authority, or to any a6\ done in his Majesty's service by any person or persons who shall be employed therein.

VI. And whereas it is expedient to extend to Switzerland, and the persons exercising the powers of government therein, and to the persons, territories, and places, under their government, the provisons contained in an act passed in the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act more effectually to prevent, during the present war between Great Britain and France, all traiterous correspondence with, or aid or assistance being given to his Majesty's enemies; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the several times herein after mentioned, and during the said war, all and every the provisions in the said act contained, shall extend, and shall be construed, deemed, and taken to extend.

Ac1 not to

his Majesty.

33 Geo. 3. c. 27. to extend to Switzerland, and all places under the persons exer-oiling the powers of government therein.

to Switzerland, and all and every the territories and places under the government of the persons exercising, or who shall during the said war exercise, the powers of government in 'Switzerland-\ and all persons residing or being, or who shall during the said war reside or be within the same, or within any of the territories or places aforesaid, and to the persons exercising, or who shall during the said war exercise, the powers of government therein, or in any part thereof, or any of the territories or places aforesaid, in such and the same manner, to all intents and purposes, as if Switzer- -land) and the territories, places, and persons aforesaid, and every

6?5

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 45.

of them, had been expressly mentioned in the said act, and all and every the provisions in the said act contained had been expressly applied thereto respectively, and Switzerland, and the territories, places, and persons aforesaid, had in all parts of the said act been mentioned together with France, and the territories, persons, and places described in the said act; and that all and every the acts thereby prohibited to be done by persons residing or being in Great Britain with #respect to France, or the persons exercising, or who during the said war might exercise, the powers of government in France, or persons residing or being within any of the dominions in France, or any town, territory, port, or place annexed to France, or under the government of the persons exercising, or who might exercise, the powers of government in France, shall be deemed and taken to be, in like manner, and under the like penalties, provisions, and re (trillions, prohibited with respect to Switzerland, and all and every the territories and places under the government of the-persons exercising, or who shall during the said war exercise, the powers of government in the said provinces, and all persons residing or being, or who shall during the said war relide or be, within the same, or within any of the territories or places aforesaid, and to the persons exercising, or who shall, during the said War exercise, the powers of government therein, or any of them, or any of the territories or places aforesaid.

VII. And whereas there is reason to believe that letters of attorney N'o letter of

have been procured from persons within the power of the persons ex- --ttorne^troin ercifing the powers of government in France, or of the governments on

under their controul, and especially in the United Provinces, and in or before Switzerland, for the purpose of transferring flock in the publick funds, March 1, and other publick flock, for the benefit of the persons so exercising the ^sbeenVince° powers of government in France, to the prejudice and against the in France, the will of the proprietors of such flock; and that many of such letters United Pro-of attorney have been antedated-, be it enacted by the authority vinces, or aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this act, no letter

of attorney, purporting to be a letter of attorney from any per- thorise the

son or persons who, on or before the first day of March one thou- transfer of

sand seven hundred and ninety-eight, was or were, or at any (lock without

time since has or have been, in France, the United Provinces, or !*5eilce

# J the secretary

Switzerland\ or any of the territories or dependencies thereof, Qk^"

or any territory or place under the government, or subject to

the power of the persons exercising the powers of government

in France, or under the government, or subject to the power of any persons exercising the powers of government in the said United Provinces or Switzerland, or any part thereof, shall be

valid and effectual to authorise the transfer of any such flock,

without licence for that purpose first had and obtained from one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state; and that all transfers of stock which shall be made by or under the authority of "

any such letter of attorney, contrary (o the provisions of this

aft, shall be null and void, to all intents and purposes.

VIII. And whereas it is also expedient to extend, as well to the United

676 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 45, [1797.

United Provinces as to Switzerland, and the persons exercising the poivers of government therein respectively, and to the per(oils> territories., and places, under their government refipeflively, the provisions contained in an act I, passed in the ihiriv-fourth year of his Mfefiy $ 34 Geo. 3. reign, intituled An act for preventing money or effects in the c 9, to extend hands of his Majesty's subjects, belonging to, or disposeable by, ^ovihcer'^nd any Persons resident in France, being applied to the use of the Switzerland, persons exercising the powers of government in France, and for and all places preserving the property thereof for the benefit of the individual tinder the per- owners thereof; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, the S towers of That, frorn an^ 2*ter t^ie several times herein after mentioned, government and during the said war, all and every the provisions in the said therein. la ft mentioned act contained, shall extend, and shall be con- strujed, deemed, and taken to extend, to the said United Provinces and Switzerland respectively, and to every part thereof respectively, and to all and every the territories and places under the government of the persons exercising, or who shall during the said war exercise, the powers of government in the said United Provinces and Switzerland respectively, or any parts or part thereof respectively, and to all persons refitting or being, or who shall during the said war reside or be, within the same respectively, or within any of the territories or places aforesaid, and to the persons exercising, or who shall during the said war exercise, the powers of government within the said United Provinces or Switzerland respectively, or any of them, or any of the territories or places aforesaid, in such and the same manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the said United Provinces and Switzerland respectively, and every part thereof, and the territories, places, and persons aforesaid, and every of them, had been expressly mentioned in the said act, and all and every the provisions in the said act contained had been expressly applied thereto respectively, and the said United Provinces and Switzerland respectively, and ever part thereof, and the territories, places, and persons aforesaid, had in all parts of the said act been mentioned together with France, and the territories, persons, and places described in the said act; and that all and every the acts thereby prohibited to be done by persons residing or being in Great Britain with respect to France, or the persons exercising, or who during the said war might exercise, the powers of government in France, or persons residing or being within any of the dominions of France, or any town, territory, port, or place annexed to France, or under the government of the persons exercising, or who might exercise, the powers of government in prance, Hi all be deemed and taken to be, in like manner, and under the like penalties, provisions, and restrictions, prohibited with respect to the said United Provinces and Switzerland reflectively, and every part thereof, and all and every the territories and places under the government of the persons exercising, or who shall during the said way exercise, the powers of government in the said United Provinces and Switzerland respectively, or any part or parts thereof respectively, and to all persons residing

1797O Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46. 677

Tiding or being, or who shall during the said war reside or be, within the same respectively, or within any of the territories or places aforesaid, and to the persons exercising, or who shall during the said war exercise, the powers of government in the said United Provinces or Switzerland respectively, or any parts or part thereof respectively, or any of the territories or places stforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to.re- repeea/or^i,

peal, amend, alter, or vary this act, or any part thereof, during tered this fef-the present session of parliament. fion.

X. And be it further enacted, That this act shall take place Commence-and have commencement as to the present matters herein-before ment of ad. contained, from the end of one week after the passing of this act,

as to all acts which shall be done by any person whatsoever in Great Britain, or which shall be done in any parts out of Great Britain, by any person who shall have been in Great Britain at any time after the passing of this act, and during the continuance of this act, and shall take place and have commencement one calendar month after the passing of this act, as to all acts which shall be done in any part of Europe, other than Great Britain, by any person who shall not have been in Great Britain between the passing of this act and one calendar month after the passing of this act; and shall take place and have commencement three calendar months after the passing of this act, as to all acts which shall be done in any parts of the world out of Europe and not beyond the Cape of Good Hope, by any person who shall not have been in Great Britain between the passing of this act and the end of three calendar months after the passing of this act; and shall take place and have commencement six calendar months after the passing of this act, as to all acts which shall be done in any part of the world beyond the Cape of Good Hope, by any person who shall not have been in Great Britain between the passing of this act and the end of six calendar months after the passing of this act.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for the more speedy and effectual manning of his Majesty's navy.

[May 26, 1798.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by several acts of parliament, persons under certain descriptions are protected from being ipipressed into his Majests service at sea: and whereas it is expedient, for the publick defence, that such protections should be suspended for a limited time; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of an act passed So much of in the second year of the reign of her majesty Queen Anne, in- p'ro

tituled. An act for the increase of seamen, and better* encouragement te&ions, Scc« of navigation and security of the coal trade, as grants any exemp- and

tiou

6?S Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 47, 48. [1797.

tion or protection to any apprentice or other person from being impressed, or permitted or suffered to lift or enter into his Majesty's sea service; and also one act passed in the thirteenth year of his late Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the increaso of onariners ami fearnen to navigate merchant flips, or other trading fiips or veJJ'els; and also so much of an a eft, pasted in the second year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An c*£l for the better /applying the cities of London and Westminster with fib, and to reduce the present exoi bitant price thereof.\ and to protect and encourage ffiermen, as grants any protection to the persons therein defer ibed, from being impressed into his Majesty's service at sea; and also so much of an act, pa lied in the eleventh year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the better support and eft a-blishment of the Greenland and vohale ffiery, as grants the like protection to the persons therein described; and also so much of any other subsequent act or acts as grafts the like protection to beifigimpress- any person or persons therein described, shall be, and the same pended for Ui" are hereby declared and enacted to be of no force and effect for five months, and during the space of five calendar months, to be computed from May 24, from the twenty-fourth day of May one thousand seven hundred ]79^: and ninety-eight: provided nevertheless. That the suspension of

But such fnf- the said acts, so far as they relate to persons serving on board of P^relates to* ^'Ps anc^ vessels employed in the coal trade, fli.all not continue performs in the ^onger than one calendar month, to be computed from the oal trade, to twenty-fourth day of May aforesaid.

13 Geo. 2. c. 17.

and so much of 1 Geo. 3. c. 35.

j 1 Geo. 3. c. 38.

and of any other act, as grants protections to

continue only

II. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons shall month6 be or mo^e^e^or taking and impressing, or causing to be taken and impressed, within the time aforesaid, any person or bribed for to Persons P°r Majesty's service at sea, contrary to the provisions

impre fling l^ie kid a(^s> ov any

within the

time specified, CAP. XLVII.

contrary to

the recited An act for granting to his Majesty the f«m of two hundred thou find a^g pounds, to be issued and paid to the governor and company of the

bank, of England, to he by them placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt.

[May 26, 1798.]

CAP. XLVIII.

An act to alter and amend so much of an act passed in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, as relates to the qualification of of.

[May 26,

1793.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an a Si was passed in this present foffton of parlia- 38 Geo. 3. merits intituled, act for granting an aid to his Ma-

c. 5. jetty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service

of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight: and whereas by the said apt it is enacted, That certain persons named and appointed^ or to be named and appointed, of in manner

therein

679

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 48.

therein mentioned, should put the said ciel In execution as therein directed; hut it is not thereby required that such of the of as fall aft within or for any city, borough, cinque port, or town corporate, (except as therein particularly provided), fall be qualified in any other manner than by being an inhabitant of fitch city, borough, cinque port, or town corporate, by reason whereof improper persons x sometimes aft as of: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no person shall be capable of acting as a commissioner in the execution, of the said recited act, within any city, borough, cinque port, or town corporate, (except the cities, liberties, and places, the of adfcing within which are respectively required to be qualified as in the said act is particularly mentioned and directed), unless such person shall, at the time of his acting, be ferfed or possessed of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the value of forty pounds per annum, or more, of hi^own estate, being freehold, copyhold, or leasehold, over and above all ground rents, incumbrances, and other reservations, payable out of or in respect of such leasehold estates, or unless such person shall, at the time of his adiing as aforesaid, be possessed of a personal estate to the amount of one thousand pounds, nor unless he shall in either case be an inhabitant of the city, borough, cinque port, or town corporate, within which he shall a<dt as a commissioner, nor (except in administering the oath or affirmation herein after mentioned) until he snail have taken and subscribed an oath or affirmation in the words or to the effect following; videlicet,

I A.B. do swear, [or, being one of the people called JL kers, do solemnly affirm], That I truly and bona fide am possessed of, in my own right, and in the actual enjoyment or receipt of the rents and profits of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the clear yearly value of forty pounds, or posseffied of a personal estate to the amount of one thousand pounds.

So help me GOD.

Which oath it shall and may be lawful for any commissioner to administer to any other, any thing in the said first recited act, or any other act, contained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding; and if any person hereby required to be so qualified as aforesaid, and not being so qualified, or not having taken an oath or affirmation as herein-before directed, shall presume to act as a commissioner in the execution of the said recited a c1, every such person so offending, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds to and for the use of such person or persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, together with full costs of suit, by action of debt in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, over and above such other

No person to act a cojn-

missioner of the land tax in certain places unless qualified as herein men* tinned.

Oath;

which any commissioner may ad minister.

50l. penalty for acting not being qualified. or not having taken the oath.

3? Geo 3 c. 5.

680 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 48. [1797.

other pains and punishments as he may be liable to by any law or statute of this realm for wilful and corrupt perjury; and in Proof of qua- every such action brought against any such person so acting as a lification to commissioner in the execution of the said recited act without fendant^C ' being qualified as aforesaid, the proof of qualification shall lie on the person against whom the said action shall be brought, and it shall be sufficient for the plaintiff to prove that the defendant hath acted as such commissioner.

II. And whereas by an act, ? made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it is amongst

Chafe in that other things enabled, That no person shall be capable of atVing as a recited, commissioner in the execution of the said act, or any of the powers therein contained!, in or for any county at large within England, the dominion of Wales, (the counties of Merioneth, Cardigan, Carmarthen, Glamorgan, Montgomery, Pembroke, Radnor, and Monmouth, excepted), or in or for any of the ridings of the county of York, unless such person be seised or possessed in the same county or riding, of lands, tenements, or hereditaments of the value of one hundred pounds per annum, or more, of his own estate, being freehold, copyhold, or leaf eh old, over and above all ground rents, incumbrances, and other reservations, payable out of or in respect of such leasehold estates which were taxed and did pay by virtue of an act passed in the thirty seventh year of his Majests reign, (intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven): be it enacted, That the above recited clause shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

III. And be it enacted, That no person shall be capable of act as a com- acting as a commissioner in the execution of the said act, or any missioner for Of t[le pawers therein contained, in or for any county at large \n England or within England, the dominion of Wales, (the counties of Me-Wales, (ex- rioneth, Cardigan, Carmarthen, Glamorgan, Montgomery, Pern-cept certain broke, Radnor, and Monmouth, excepted), or in or for any of the counties), ^or ridings Gf the county of York, unless such person be seised or in^oXshire^ possessed of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the value of unless quali- one hundred pounds per annum, or more, of his own estate, belied as herein ing freehold, copyhold, or leasehold, over and above all ground mentioned. rents, incumbrances, and other reservations, payable out of or

in respect of the same, or unless such person be heir apparent of some person who shall be seised or possessed of a like estate of the value of three hundred pounds per -annum, one moiety of which said estate required as qualifications shall be situate within such respective county or riding for which such person is appointed a commissioner.

Publick zSt.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a public act, and be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and all other persons whomsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

and repealed. No person to

l

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 49, 50. 681

CAP. XLTX.

Arc act for vesting divers lands and hereditaments in the parish of Halifax, in the county of York* in trustees and their heirs, upon certain truffs therein mentioned* discharged from all claims of the crown in respe^ of any forfeiture incurred tinder or by virtue of the statute^ of mort-main, or the laws relating to mortmain. — £May 7, 6, 1798.]

CAP. L.

An act to continue, until the firfeday of August one thousand eight hundred, and until the end of the then next session of parliament, and amend an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for establ idling regulations respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases.

[June i, 1798.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirty-third year of his

Vr Majesty's reign, intituled An act for establishing regula- zs Geo. > tions respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or residentc* 4- recited, therein, in certain cases, in cprsequence of the number of persons, not being natural-born subjects of his Majesty, or denizens, or persons naturalized by act of parliament, who had then lately ref or ted to this kingdom; and the danger which it was apprehended might arise to the public tranquillity, from the resort and residence of aliens, under the circumstances then existing, unless due provision should be made in respect thereof, divers provifeons were made respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom, and ref dent therein; which act has been continued by subsequent acts Until the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine: and whereas the refuge and ajylum which, on grounds of humanity and jufeice, have been granted to persons flying from the oppression and tyranny exercised in France, and in countries invaded by the armies of France, or under their power or controul, may, notwithstanding the provifeons of the said act of the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, be abused by persons coming to this kingdom for purposes dangerous to the interests and jafeiy thereof, and the general indulgence to aliens resorting to this country may also be abused by persons not within the provifeons of the said act; and it is therefore necessary to make further provifeons for the safety of this kingdom with respect to aliens, and particularly to the end that a jufe difeinftion may be made between persons who either really seek refuge and ajylum from oppression and tyranny, or resort to this country, and are resident therein, for purposes only, of commerce, or for other jufe or innocent purposes, and persons ivbo, pretending to claim the benefit of such refuge and ajylum as aforesaid, or to resort to this country, or to reside therein for commercial or other jujt or innocent purposes, have or shall come to, or shall be in this kingdom with hofeile purposes, and efpedaily to favour or ajfife the execution of the projects of the enemies of his Majesty, now openly declaring their intentions -to invade this kingdom, and to endeavour to deferoy the religion, laws, and liberties of the people thereof, and the form and confeitution of its government, and to bring upon this kingdom all the calamities

yjhich

682

His Majesty, by proclamation, may require aliens to re gifter themselves, and obtain licences for residence.

To obtain inch licences an account to he delivered containing certain particulars.

His Majesty may exempt aliens from delivering such accounts; and

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 50. [1797.

which have been suffered by France; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by his royal proclamation or proclamations to be issued for that purpose, from time to time, to require and command every alien who shall then be in, or shall thereafter come into, this kingdom, (except as hereiti-after excepted), to register himself or herself, in the manner herein after mentioned, with such person or persons, and in such district or districts, as his Majesty by his laid proclamation shall appoint, and within such time or times as in such proclamation or proclamations shall be required; and thereupon to obtain from such person or persons as his Majesty shall for that purpose appoint, his Majesty's royal licence to such alien to reside within this kingdom, either generally in any part thereof without restriction, or specially in such place or places, and under such restrictions or conditions, as to his Majesty shall seem fit; which licence shall either be without limitation in point of time, or shall endure for such space of time as shall therein be expressed, and no longer; but every such licence shall be capable of being revoked, and if limited in point of time, shall be capable of being renewed and continued at such times and in such manner, as in such licence, or from time to time by his Majesty's proclamation or order in council, shall be directed.

II. And be it further enacted, That for the purpose of obtaining such licence as aforesaid, every such alien as aforesaid shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the person or persons who, shall by any such proclamation, or by any order of his Majesty in council, from time to time as occasion shall require, be appointed to receive the same, and at or before the time to be appointed for that purpose, a full and true account in writing of his or her name, age, rank, occupation, or prosection, and where such alien was born, and of what parents, and where such alien usually redded beyond the seas before his or her arrival in this kingdom, and where such alien last redded beyond the seas before his or her last arrival in this kingdom, and in what filiation or condition, and for v/hat reason and for what purpose such alien left such residence and came to this kingdom, and when such alien last arrived in this kingdom, and at what place, and whether before or after the tenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and if after, whether such alien made such declaration or delivered such account as is required by the said recited act of the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, and when and to whom, and at what place; and in what town or place, towns or places in this kingdom such alien has resided ft nee the time when such alien last arrived in this kingdom: provided always nevertheless, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty to exempt any alien or aliens, by the terms of any such proclamation, or by any order in council, or specially by warrant from one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state,

from

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 50. 683

from the obligation to deliver such account as by this act re-aliens deliver-quired, in the whole or in part, as to his Majesty shall Teem fit: ] Ci^}] r o °t

provided also, That no alien who shall deliver any such account fecufion for" a, s aforesaid, shall be liable to any prosecution for any offence offences against the said act of the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, against recited by reason of any matter or thing disclosed in such account. a<*

III. And be it further enacted, That if any person, being an.Penalty on alien, shall be found at large in Great Britain after the time in aliens found any such proclamation to be limited for obtaining such licence {J^ngobtain-as aforesaid, by such person, such person not having obtained'ed licences, such licence as aforesaid, or an allowance of time unexpired to;

obtain such licence, and not being exempted from the obligation to deliver such account as aforesaid by this act, or by any proclamation or order of his Majesty in council, or by special warrant from one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, such person being thereof lawfully convicted, shall and may, at the discretion of the court before whom he or she. shall be so convicted, be adjudged to suffer imprisonment for any time not exceeding one year, or to be transported beyond, the seas for any. time not exceeding seven years.,

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any person au?; If the perfo.ns thorised to grant such licences, as aforesaid, and to whom.appli*-

cation shall be made for any such licence as aforesaid, shall think think fit to refit to refuse to give such licence to any alien who shall apply for.fufie them, the the same, such alien so applying for such licence shall beforthr, Parties to be with conveyed before one of his Majesty's justices of the peace., and committed to prison, until such alien, shall be conveyedi, outanc[ commit- of Great Britain, by warrant from one of his Majesty's princi--ted, &c, pal (ecretaries of state; unless his Majesty shall otherwise think fit, or unless the person authorised to grant such licence, and to. whom application for the same shall have been made, shall think fit to give fpch alien further time for the purpose of obtaining such licence, and shall signify the allowance of such further time by writing under his hand and seal, specifying the time allowed for obtaining such licence^ during which time the alien to whom such time shall have been so allowed, shall and may reside within this kingdom, in the same manner as if such licence had been obtained: provided nevertheless. That he or she shall, during such time, reside in such place, or within such district, as shall be expressed for that purpose in-such writing allowing further time as aforesaid, and not elsewhere.

V. And be it further enacted, That, if any alien having such If aliens be

licence as aforesaid, or such allowance of further time to obtain [he^1(lri6t°S-a licence as aforesaid, shall, at any time after, be at large in ]OWed by 3i-

Great Britain, in any place not being the place or district with- cences, &c.

in which Rich alien shall be allowed to reside as aforesaid, or shall they shall be be found not to have complied with the restrictions or conditions

(if any) under which such licence or allowance shall have been

granted, such licence or allowance shall be forfeited and deter-

mined, and such alien shall be liable to all such penalties as he Voj. XII. Z z, at*

68, 4

Anno regni tricesimo octavo GEORGII III. c.$o.

[1797.

or (he would have been subject to if no such licence or allowance had been granted*

Jf licences be

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any such licence, or loft, See. fresh allowance of further time to obtain a licence, shall be loft, mif-^anted^la'd, or destroyed, it shall be lawful for any person or persons h*authorised to grant such licence or allowance of further time as aforesaid, upon proof on oath, to his or their satisfaction, that such licence or allowance of further time has been so loft, mif-

laid, or destroyed, to grant a fresh licence, or allowance of further time to obtain a licence, stating the former licence or allowance, and the reason of granting such fresh licence or allowance; which fresh licence or allowance shall be of like force as the instrument so loft, mistaid, or destroyed.

VII. And whereas in the said act passed in the thirty-third year of his Majestf s reign, certain provifeons are contained with respect to alien merchants, who are thereby in a great degree exempted from the provisions in the said act respecting other aliens; and such act does not, in many cases, extend to aliens who arrived in this kingdom on or before the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and 33 Geo. 3. ninety-two; be it enacted, That so much of the said act of the c. 4. to extend thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, as relates to alien merchants0 and to chants> anc* te°ds to exempt them from any of the provisions in aliens in the the said act respedVing other aliens, shall be, and the same is kingdomonor hereby, from and after the patting of this a6V, repealed; and the before Jan. i, said act of the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign shall ex-I79*' tend, and be construed, deemed, and taken to extend, in all

cases, to alien merchants, and alTo to all aliens who arrived or were in this kingdom at any time on or before the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, in such and the same manner as if such aliens had not been alien merchants, or had arrived in this kingdom after the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

Mo alien to

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the leave the king- passing of this act, it shall not be lawful for any alien to leave dom without this kingdom, without a passport for that purpose first obtained whkhPfadlbe ^rom one ^is Majesty's principal secretaries of state, or from produced to some person authorised by his Majesty to grant such passport; the officer of which passport shall be produced to the proper officer of his the customs Majesty's customs, at the port or place where such alien shall ance ISand°to" em^ar^ for purpose of leaving this kingdom; which officer, the matter of being satisfied that the person producing such passport is the per-the vessel, be- son to whom the same was granted, and who was intended to be fore embarka- named and described therein, shall allow such passport, and shall uo; l* certify such allowance by marking the same on such passport,

and signing the same with the date of such allowance; and such passport, with such allowance thereon, shall be produced to the matter or person having the charge or care of the ship or vessel in which such alien shall propose to embark, before such alien shall be permitted to embark on board any ship or vessel for the purpose of leaving this kingdom; and if any alien shall embark;

on

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 50. 685

on board any ship or vessel, in order to leave this kingdom, with Penalty on the knowledge, privity, or consent of the matter, or of the per- mhtinS abend son having at the time the command, charge, or care of such to embark vessel, not having obtained such passport as aforesaid, and such without pafT-.allowance thereof, signed by the proper officer of the customs as ports, &c.and aforesaid, every such matter or person having the command, on charge, or care of such ship or vessel, shall forfeit and lose the s*

sum of five hundred pounds, one moiety whereof shall go to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish or place at which such alien shall embark as aforesaid; and every such alien who shall embark on board any ship or vessel, with intent to leave this kingdom, not having previously obtained such pafT-> port as aforesaid, and such allowance thereof, signed by the proper officer of the customs as aforesaid, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall, at the discretion of the court before whom such alien shall be so convicted, be adjudged to suffer imprisonment for any time not exceeding one year, or to be transported beyond the seas for any term not exceeding seven years: provided always nevertheless, That it shall not be necessary for any mariner adtu- Mariners em» ally engaged and employed in the navigation of any ship or vefc P.l°yedln na-fel, during the time that such ^mariner shall be actually so en- em-

gaged or employed, to obtain any such passport as aforesaid; but bark without such mariner shall and may be permitted to embark on board passports. such ship or vessel for the purpose of leaving this kingdom, in the same manner as if this act had not been made.

IX. And be it further enacted, That aliens abiding in this kingdom, having quitted their respective countries by reason of any resolution or troubles in France, or in countries conquered by the arms of France, shall not be liable to be arrested, imprisoned, or held to bail, or t(o find any caution for their forthcoming, or paying any debt, nor to be taken in execution on any judgement, nor by any caption, for or by reason of any debt or other cause of action, contracted or arising in any parts beyond the seas, other than the dominions of his Majesty, while such aliens were not within the said dominions of his Majesty; and in case any such alien shall have been or shall be arrested, irn^ prisoned, or held to bail, or taken in execution on a judgement, or by any caption, contrary to the intent of this act, such alien shall be discharged therefrom by order of any of his Majesty's courts in iVeJlmmJier Hall, or of the court of fettion in Scotland\ or of any judge of such courts in vacation time.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any alien, who shall have obtained a passport to leave this kingdom in pursuance of this act, shall not proceed with due diligence to leave this kingdom according to such passport, such alien shall be liable to all such penalties as he or she would have been subject to if no such passport had been granted.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no alien, who shall arrive in this kingdom after the passing of this act, shall depart from the place in which he or she shall have so arrived, except for the purpose of making such declaration* or obtaining such

passport,

Aliens having quitted their countries on account of the troubles in France, &c. not liable to be ar re fled for debts contracted beyond the seas without his Majesty's dominions.

Aliens not leaving the kingdom according to their pair ports, liable to penalty.

No alien arriving after pafhng this act to depart from the place of arrival but

686 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 50. [1797.

for certain passport, as by the said act of the thirty-third year of his Majesty's -tU^has 6b* - reign are required to be obtained by such alien, or for the tainedali- purpose of delivering such account, and obtaining such licence cence. as herein-before mentioned, until such alien shall also have obtained such licence to reside in this kingdom, as herein-before mentioned.

After a week after passing this act every peifori, not keeping a publick inn, who shall receive an alien to lodge for more than 48 hours, shall require him to produce his licence, &c. and fit all, within two days, deliver the copy to the over-seers of the.poor. See. on penalty of 1 ool.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the end of one week after the passing of this act, every person, not keeping a publick inn for reception of guests, and licensed to sell ale or spirituous liquors by retail, who shall receive into his or her house or apartment, for the purpose of lodging or residing the rein, for more than forty-eight hours, any alien, who ought to procure a licence to reside in this kingdom in pursuance of this act, shall require such alien to produce such licence, or an allowance of time to obtain such licence, or a pafiport for such alien to leave this kingdom, and to deliver a copy of such licence, allowance of time, or pafiport, before such person shall receive such alien into his or her house or apartment to lodge or reside therein, for more than forty-eight hours, and shall, within two days after such alien shall have come to lodge or reside in such house or apartment, deliver such copy of such licence, or of such allowance of further time to obtain a licence or pafiport, to the overseers or overseer of the poor of the parish, township, or place where such house or apartment shall be situate in England) and to the fehoolm after of the parish or place in Scotland, with a notice, that the alien named therein did come to lodge or reside in such house or apartment, on a day in such notice to be specified, which shall be the very day on which such alien aftu-ally came to lodge.or reside in such house or apartment; and if any person shall knowingly receive into his or her house or apartment, to lodge or reside therein as aforesaid, any such alien not producing such licence, or allowance of time to obtain a licence or pafiport, or not delivering a copy thereof as aforesaid, or shall neglect to deliver such copy, with such notice as aforesaid written thereon, to such overseers or overseer, or school-Application of master as aforesaid, within the time aforesaid; every person so penalty. offending shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds, one moiety whereof shall go to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish, township, or place where such house or apartment shall be situate.

And every

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every person, not keep-f chgrta ing a publick inn for reception of guests, and licensed to sell ale anvalienlodg- or spirituous liquors by retail, who shall, at the expiration of one ing with him week after the passing of this act, have any alien lodging or te-shall, within siding in his or her house or apartment, shall, within ten days I?{riryStMser a*ter Pa^ln& a<^5 deliver to the overseers or overseer

act1 deliver a {'ne Poor °* Par'&> township, or place, where such house notice to the or apartment shall be situate in England, and to the Schoolmaster overseers, Sec. Gf the parish or place in Scotland, a notice in writing, describing defenbing the puc[1 ai|en by his or her name, and specifying the time when

n ime on such alien catne toocJSe or «side in such house or apartment;

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 50. 687

ment; and if any person shall knowingly have received in his or penalty of her house or apartment any such alien, not having given notice I00^ thereof as aforesaid, within the time aforesaid, every person so offending shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds, one moiety whereof shall go to the informer, and the other Application of moiety to the poor of the parish, township, or place, where such pena house or apartment shall be situate.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That true copies of all such

notices which shall be so delivered to such overseers or overseer, transmitted to or schoolmaster, as aforesaid, shall by them or him be transmitted the clerks of, four times in every year, (that is to say). On the first day of July, the peace to the first day of September, the first day o {-December, and the first day of Marcbj in each year, to the clerk of the peace for the felons'*&c. county, riding, stewartry, city, or place, in which such house or apartment shall be situate, and the same shall be laid by such clerk of the peace before the justices of the peace, at their next quarterly sessions of the peace for such county, riding, stewartry, city, or place, and shall by them be certified to one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state; and such justices shall from time to time make, at their quarterly sections, such order or orders in the premises, as may be necessary for the due observance and execution of the several provisions herein contained, by the said overseers, schoolmaster, and clerk of the peace respectively.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Magistrates the mayor or chief magistrate, or for any justice of the peace for may require any county, riding, stewartry, city, town, or place, within this d, ceSlicences, kingdom, from and after the passing of this act, to require any &c# and may* alien, not exempted from the provisions of this aeft, to exhibit to commit them such mayor, magistrate, or justice, his or her licence to reside in m default this kingdom, or allowance of time to procure a licence, or pass- ^h^ving^port to leave this kingdom, which such alien is hereby required complied with to produce accordingly; and in default thereof, or in case it shall the terms, &c. appear that such alien has not complied with the terms of such

licence or allowance, or has not proceeded with due diligence to leave this kingdom, according to such palTport, such mayor, magistrate, or justice, may commit such alien to the common gaol or other publick prison, to answer for the offence of which such alien shall have been guilty, there to remain until he or she shall be discharged by due course of law.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for The principal any of his Majesty's principal secretaries of fiate, the lord mayor, secretaries of or any one or more of the aldermen of the city of London, and cause hft

for any one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace for any e^ aliens to be county, riding, stewartry, city, or place, being specially autho- taken into rifed by one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of date, by custody. warrant under his hand and seal, or generally authorised by order of his Majesty in council, or any mayor or chief magistrate, or other magistrate or magistrates of any city, borough, or town corporate, so authorised, to cause any alien whom he or they -shall have cause to suspect to be a dangerous person, to be taken into custody, and examined, and either discharged or detained

zzj in

He )y

688

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 50. [1797.

in custody, as shall appear adviseable; and if it shall be thought fit to detain such alien in' custody, it shall be lawful for such secretary of state, or such mayor, alderman, or chief magistrate, or other magistrate or magistrates, or such justice or justices, by warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to

Mayors, Sec, to transmit accounts of their proceedings touching such aliens to a principal secretary of state, for his Majesty's pleasure.

His Majesty may order aliens to be detained in custody.

order such alien to be detained in custody until his Majesty's pleasure shall be known, there to remain, without bail or main-prize; and every such mayor, alderman, chief magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, shall forthwith transmit an account of his or their proceedings touching such alien, to one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, to the end that his Majesty's pleasure may be declared therein; and it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by warrant under his sign manual, or by warrant under the hand and leal or a'ny one of his principal secretaries of state, either to direct that such alien shall be discharged, or continued in custody for such time or in such manner as his Majesty shall think fit, or ordered to quit the kingdom.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case his Majesty shall be advised, that it may be dangerous to the security of the kingdom to fend any alien out of the kingdom, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by warrant under his sign manual, or by warrant under the hand and seal of one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, to order such alien to be detained in custody in this kingdom, in such place and in such manner as his Majesty shall think fit, and until his Majesty shall give other order to the

contrary.

Ho alien to

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no alien shall be Lind till the permitted to land in this kingdom, until the master or com-veffefhas^mander of the ship or vessel, in which such alien shall have made the de- arrived, shall have made the declaration concerning foreigners on elaration re- board his ship or vessel, required by the said aeft of the thirty-

recited third year of his Majesty's reign, and shall have obtained, from and a permit*- ProPer officer of the customs, a permission, in writing, to fion be obtain- land such alien; and in case any alien, not being a mariner ac-ed; or the tually engaged and employed as such in the navigation of such

comrrdtted36 or ve^'anc* ln t*, s kingdom from any such ship dr

and the matter ve^e^ without such permission first obtained, such alien shall fha 11 forfeit forthwith be taken into custody, and carried before one of his 100l. unless Majesty's justices of the peace, who shall commit such alien to he proves one of his Majesty's gaols, or to such other custody as to such kis justice shall seem fit, until his Majesty's pleasure concerning such will. alien shall be known; and the master dr commander, or the person having charge of such ship or vessel, filial forfeit and lbfe the sum of one hundred pounds for every alien so landed, unless he shall make it appear that such alien was landed from such ship or vessel against the will of such master or commander, or the person having the charge of such ship dr vessel; and such penalty shall be recovered before one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, and one moiety thereof shall go to the poor of the paiifh or place where such offence was committed, and the other moiety to the informer; and it shall be lawful for any officer dr

officers

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 50. 689

officers of the customs or excise, to detain such ship or vessel Officers of until such penalty shall be paid; and any boat or vessel used in or^xcif^mav landing any such alien from the'ship or vessel in which such alien detain vtiTels, shall have arrived as aforesaid, shall and may be seized by any Scc. officer or officers of the customs or excise, and the same shall be forfeited, together with all tackle, apparel, ammunition, and furniture thereunto respectively belonging.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall wil- Penalty for

fully forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause to be forged, counter- forging licen-feited, or altered, or shall utter, knowing the same to be forged, or

counterfeited, or altered, any such licence, allowance of time to them under obtain a licence, passport, or allowance of a passport, herein- false names, before directed to be obtained, or shall obtain any such licence, &c. allowance of time to obtain a licence, passport, or allowance of

a passport, under any other name or description than the true name and description of such alien, (without disclosing to the person granting such licence, or allowance of further time to obtain a licence or passport, the true name and description of such. alien, and the reason for concealing the same), or shall falsely pretend to be the person intended to be named and described in any such licence, allowance of time to obtain a licence, passport, or allowance of a passport, every person so offending, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall suffer imprisonment in the common gaol for any time not exceeding one year, and, if the court before whom such person shall be convicted shall think fit, shall also be transported beyond the seas for any term not exceeding seven years.

XX. And be it further enacted, That when any alien shall be The secreta-ordered to quit this kingdom in pursuance of the said act of the ries office thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, or of this act, it shall be ion^ordered lawful for one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state to to quit the cause such alien to be taken into custody, and carried before any kingdom to justice of the peace, or mayor or chief magistrate of any county, be taken into riding, stewartry, city, town, or place, where such alien shall to g?v/fecu-happen to be, and to require such alien to give security to quit rity for quit-this kingdom within a time to be limited by the recognizance, ting it, &c. in a sufficient penalty, of two or more persons, who shall be

-either natural-born subjects of his Majesty, or persons naturalized or made denizens, or aliens having licence to reside in this kingdom, such security to be approved by such justice of the peace, mayor, or chief magistrate; and if such security shall not be given, it shall be lawful for such justice of the peace, mayor, or chief magistrate, and he is hereby required, to commit such alien to the common gaol, there to remain until he or she can be sent out of this kingdom by warrant from one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all licences, allowances Licences, &c. of further time to obtain licences, passports, and allowances octo ^.tSlven passports, herein directed to be obtained, shall be given without gratls*

fee or reward, and shall be subject to no. duty or charge whatsoever,

X Z4 XXII. Pro-

Act not to extend to foreign ambaffactors, &c. nor to aliens not upwards of 14* years old.

cufed.

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 5b. [, 1797.

XXII. Provided always* and be it further enacted, That no foreign ambassador, or other publick minister duly authorised, nor the domestick servants of any such foreign ambassador or publick minister, registered as such according to the directior.s of the laws in force for that purpose, or being actually attendant upon such ambassador or minister*shall be deemed an alien within the meaning of this act: provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall affect any alien in respect of any act done or omitted to be done* who shall make it appear that he or she was not above the age of fourteen years at the time when such act

Prooftolieon was (o done or omitted to be done: provided always* That if any the party ae- question nail arise whether any person alledged to be an alien* and subject-to the provisions of this act* or any of them, is an alien or not* or is or is not an alien subject to the said provisions* or any.of them, the proof that such person is* or by law is to be deemed to be a natural-born subject of his Majesty, or denizen of this kingdom, or naturalized by act of parliament, or if an alien, is not subject to the provisions imthis aft contained, or any of them, by reason of any exception contained in this act, or which shall be expressed in any proclamation or order in council as aforesaid, or in any special warrant from one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state as aforesaid, shall lie on the person so alledged to be an alien, and to be subject to the provisions of this act, Tome or one of them.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which any person shall be adjudged to be transported in pursuance of this act, the transportation shall be adjudged to be, and shall be, to such place or places as his Majesty, with the advice of his privy council, shall direct or appoint.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any person ordered or adjudged to be transported in pursuance of this act, shall be found at large within this realm, after sentence of transportation pronounced, he or she shall be deemed guilty of felony* and shall suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary penalties by this act imposed, exceeding the sum of one hundred pounds* shall be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or the courts of great session in Wales, or the courts of the counties palatine of Chester* Lancaster, and Durham, or by action, or luminary bill or information in the courts of judiciary or exchequer in Scotland, as the case shall require, wherein no essoin, privilege, protection* or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; and all pecuniary penalties by this act imposed, not exceeding the sum of one-hundred pounds, shall, on conviction of the offender upon oath before any justice of the peace of the county, riding, stewartry, city, or place, where the offence shall be committed, be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, rendering-to such offender the overplus (if any) on demand, after deducting the charges of such

distress

Transportation to be to such place as his Majesty m council shall direct.

Transported persons found, within the realm to tusser death.

Recovery of penalties.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 51. 691

distress and Tale; and for want of sufficient distress, such justice is hereby required to commit such offender to the common gaol of the county, riding, stewartry, city, or place, where such offence shall be committed, for any time not exceeding six calendar months; and no writ of Certiorari, or of advocation or suspension, shall be allowed to remove the proceedings of the said justice, touching the pecuniary penalties aforesaid, or to superl'ede or suspend execution or other proceeding thereupon.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, Thai the inhabitants of any parish, township, or place, shall be deemed and taken to be competent witnesses for the purpose of proving the commission of any offence against this act, within the limits of such parish, township, or place, notwithstanding any part of the penalty incurred by such offence is given or applicable to the jaoor of such parish, township, or place.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall at any time be sued or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance or by colour of this act, or of any matter or thing therein contained, such action or prosecution shall be commenced within the space of three calendar months next after the offence shall be committed; and such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become non-suited, or shall discontinue his or their suit or prosecution, or if judgement be given for the defendant or defendants upon demurrer, or otherwise,

[Treble costs.]

such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs to him or

Offenders to be committed for want of distress.

No writ of Certiorari,

See. to be allowed, touching pecuniary-penalties. 1

Inhabitants may be wit a nesses.

Limitation of actions.

[General issue.]

them awarded against the plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this act, Act may be or any of the provisions therein contained, may be altered, varied, ^zledihis*" or repealed, by any act or adds to be passed in this present session session. of parliament.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That this act, and also the Continuance said act passed in the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, ^ctj^a^t^e shall have continuance until the first day of August in the year 1 1 e a

one thousand eight hundred, and thence until the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. LI.

An act for authorizing the billetting such troops of yeomanry cavalry as may he desirous of afjemhling for the purpose of being trained together, and for exempting from the payment of certain duties persons providing horses for the said yeomanry cavalry, — [June i, 1798.]

WHEREAS many corps and troops of volunteer cavalry, raised Preamble, under and by virtue of an act passed in the thirty-fourth year -of the reign of his present Majesty, or under and by virtue of two acts, passed in the last session of parliament, for raising a provisional force of cavalry, are desirous of assembling together at such convenient places, and for such time as may be fixed, under the authority of this' aft.

692. Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 51. [1797.

aft, for the purpose of more effectually training and disciplining the m- selves; and for that purpose it may be necessary to provide quarters, and to billet such of the said volunteers as may not find it convenient to return to their own houses after each dafs exercise; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted 3 and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority

The county Of tke same That whenever the men enrolled, or the majority lieutenant on 7*j j

Retire of vo- t^lern> an.V such troop or corps of volunteer cavalry, shall,

lunteer caval- through their captain or commanding officer, signify in writing ry to assemble to the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, where such jna^make^ trooP or corPs shall be raised, or in case of vacancy, or in the orderfor that absence of the lieutenant, to the deputy lieutenants executing the purpose, &c. office of the lieutenant, their desire to assemble under the command of their own officers at any place in particular, or at any convenient place or place?, either within the same county, riding, or place, or without, for the purpose of being trained and exercised, for any space of time not exceeding in the whole twenty days, either successively or at intervals, within the space of five successive months, and either in separate corps or troops, or together with any other corps or troops of volunteer cavalry, who shall also have signified their desire of assembling for that purpose in like manner, or with any regiment, battalion, troop or troops of his Majesty's regular forces of cavalry, or any number of such cavalry, in case his Majesty shall think proper to give directions to such of his cavalry as aforesaid for that purpose, it shall be lawful for such lieutenant or deputy lieutenants respectively, in every year during the continuance of this act, in pursuance of the desire of any corps or troop of volunteer cavalry, to be signified in manner aforesaid, to make any order for assembling such volunteer cavalry, to be directed to any justice of the peace of the county, riding, or place, where such volunteer cavalry shall be appointed to assemble themselves for the purpose aforesaid, at such place or places as the said lieutenant or deputy lieutenants as aforesaid, with the concurrence of the general officer having the command of the district, and in case the place appointed shall be in another county or riding, then also with the lieutenant of such county or riding, or deputy lieutenants as aforesaid, in which order shall be specified the place and places at which, and the precise time or times during which such volunteer cavalry are to Justices to continue so assembled under the authority of this act; and the ififue precepts justice of the peace, to whom such order shall be directed, shall

to peace offi- jf]'ue his nrecept to the constable, headborough, or other officer ror nuir-»/ w

tering such peace of the place where any such volunteer corps or troops

volunteers, as are to be assembled, for the quartering and billetting the non-for the regular commissioned officers, privates, and trumpeters of such volunteer forces. corps or troops, upon such persons and in such houses, situate in

the place or places specified in such order, as his Majesty's regular forces may by law be quartered and billetted; and that, from and after the delivery of any order of the lieutenant of any

county,

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 51. 693

county, riding, or place, or deputy lieutenants, acting as aforesaid, made with such consent and concurrence as aforesaid, to any justice of the peace of any county, riding, or place, w here any such corps or troop of volunteer cavalry are to assemble, it shall be lawful to quarter and billet the non-commissioned officers, private men, and trumpeters, of any such corps or troop of volunteer cavalry, in all and every the houses situate in such place or places as aforesaid, in which, and upon all and every the persons on whom any of his Majesty's regular forces may by law be quartered and billetted; and that, from and after the delivery of any such order, during the times appointed as aforesaid for such training and exercise, all and every the powers, provisions, rules, penalties, allowances, matters, and things, provided and established by any act or acts now or hereafter to be in force for quartering and billetting his Majesty's regular forces, shall be used and put in pradHce for the quartering and billetting the corps and troops of volunteer cavalry assembled under the authority of this act, as fully and effectually as if all and every the said powers, provisions, rules, penalties, allowances, matters, and things, had been specially re-enacted in the body of this act.

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever the lieutenant County Iieu-

of any county, riding, or place, or the deputy lieutenants as [be°re-

aforesaid, shall have fixed the days and place of exercise for any ceiver general, corps or troop of volunteer cavalry, he or they shall, as soon as the number of may be, certify the same to the receiver general of such county, men and days riding, or place, specifying the number of men and the number exerci^ho of days appointed for exercising them, not exceeding in the shall iiTae p^v whole twenty; and such receiver general is hereby required, for the volun-within fourteen days after the receipt of such certificate, to issue teers to the and pay to the officer having the command of each corps or officer*1^ troop, at the rate of two shillings per day for each such volunteer

who shall attend the place of exercise, and one shilling and four-pence per day for each horse, mare, or gelding, belonging to such corps or troop, and used in exercise. Commanding

III. And be it further enacted, That the officer having the officer to

command of each troop of volunteer cavalry shall make up an malce UP !"s account of all monies received and paid by him, on account of following such exercise, according to the following form: form j

COUNTY of Dr.

To cadi received of the receiver general for days pay

of men

To ditto for ance for

days allow-horses -

Per Contra Cr.

Paid, volunteer cavalry men for their attendance atthe pGce o f e x tr ci fe o n t h e 1 a y s a p n j i n t -ed, being days pay -

d.

Paid allowance for

horses used in exercise for days

Which account shall be signed by the officer having the com- which he shall

mand of such troop: and such officer shall, within ten days after fl&n anc)

- J.ver to the

tue receiver general, &c.

694

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. [1797.

the rime such exercise is finished, deliver such account, and pay the balance, if there be any due, to the receiver generaland such account shall be allowed as sufficient vouchers, in the passing of the accounts of the receiver general, by the proper auditor of his Majesty's court of exchequer.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no toll shall be demanded or taken at any turnpike gate or bar, for any horse, mare, or gekling, furnished by or for any persons belonging to any corps or troops of volunteer cavalry, and rode by them, in going to or returning from the place appointed for, and on the days of exercise; any thing contained in any act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, That such persons shall be dressed in the uniform of their respective corps or troops, and have their arms, furnitures, and accoutrements, according to the regulations provided for such corps and troops respectively, at the time of claiming such exemption as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no person who shall provide a horse, mare, or gelding, for any person serving in any volunteer corps of cavalry, raised under the authority of any adk of parliament now in force, or who shall at his of her expence

charged for it, furnish a horse, mare, or gelding, for any person serving in any yuh the duty fUCQ corps as aforesaid, shall be charged or chargeable for such, rv'*'ri - w ^orfe, mare^ or gelding, with any of the duties imposed by an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war, but that every such person keeping one such horse, mare, or gelding only, shall be wholly exempt from the said duties during his continuance in the said service; and that every such person keeping more than one such horse, mare, or gelding, shall, during his continuance in such service, be assess'ed and charged according to the rates in the said act prescribed, for one horse, mare, or gelding, less than the number of horses, mares, or geldings, by him, kept and used as aforesaid.

In the certifi-

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in the cates of corn- certificate of the commanding officer of the corps or troop in cers' the°pe r - w*c^any Person as aforesaid shall serve, not only the several

fons'who persons who shall serve, but also the several persons who shall serve. and who furnish any horses, mares, or geldings, for any other persons furnish horses serving in any such corps, shall be inserted, and that affidavits shall oem* several persons serving in such corps, for whom any

ferted. horses, mares, or geldings shall be furnished, declaring by whom

respectively the same are furnished, shall, in every such case, be annexed to such certificate.

No toll to be taken for any horses belonging to volunteer cavalry, going to or returning from exercise.

Persons churning such exemption to be dressed in their uniform, &c.

No person furnishing a horse for a volunteer corps to be

imposed by 38 Geo. 3. c. 16.

CAP. LII.

An act to regulate the trial of causes> tndiflments, and other proceedings, which arise within the counties of certain cities and towns corporate within this kingdom.

[June j, 1798.]

WHEREAS

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. 695

WHEREAS there at present exists, in the counties of cities and Preamble, of towns corporate within this kingdom, an exclusive right, that all causes and offences which arise within their particular limits should he tried by a jury of persons rcfuling within the limits of the county of such city or town corporate; which ancient privilege, intended for other and good purposes, has in many infances been founds by experience, not to conduce to the ends of justice: and whereas it will tend to the more effectual adminifixation of justice, in certain cafesy if actions, indictments, and other proceedings, the causes of*which arise within the counties of cities and towns corporate, were tried in the next adjoining counties: in drder therefore to remedy this mischief for the future, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and In a£Kons m after the passing of this a cl, in every action, whether the same be transitory or local, which shall be prosecuted or depending in Westminster any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, and in every See. if the indictment removed into his Majesty's court of king's bench by Venue be laid writ of Certiorari, and in every information filed by his Majesty's attorney or solicitor general, or by the leave of the court of ^ovyn^corpo- king's bench, and in all cases where any person or persons shall rate in Eng-plead to or traverse any of the facts contained in the return to land, See. the any writ of Mandamus, if the Venue in such action, indictment, thtnifue or information, be laid in the county of any city or town corporate within that part of Great Britain called England, or if such writ of Mandamus be directed so any person or persons, body politick and corporate., that it shall and may be lawful for the adjoining court in which such action, indictment, information, or other proceeding shall be depending, at the prayer and instance of any prosecutor or plaintiff, or of any defendant, to direct the issue or hTues joined in such action, indictment, -information, or proceeding, to be tried by a jury of the county next adjoining to the county of such city or town corporate, and to award proper writs of Venire and Diflringas accordingly, if the said court shall think it fit and proper so to do.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Bills of indict-it shall and may be lawful for any prosecutor or prosecutors to prefer his, her, or their bill or bills of indictment, for any offence mitted whhin or offences committed, or charged to be committed, within the the county of county of any city or town corporate, to the jury of the county any city or next adjoining to the county of such city or town corporate, to; vn corP°"

j cd'j j 1»ntc rniv og

sworn and charged to enquire for the King, for the body of such preferred to adjoining county, at any sessions of oyer and terminer, or gene- the jury of ral gaol delivery; and that every such bill of indictment, found the county to be a true bill by such jury, shall be valid and effectual in law, acUoin-as if the same had been found to be a true bill by any jury' sworn b' and charged to enquire for the King for the body of the county of such city or town corporate,

HI, And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Indictments if it shall appear to any court of oyer and terminer or general grand jury of

gaol any city or to be tried by a jury of the county next

696 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. [1797.

town corpo- gaol delivery for the county of any city or town corporate, that

ions*taken1 anync^ment f°und by any grand jury of the county of such

before the co- c, tY or town corporate, or any inquisition taken before the coro-

roner, may be ner or coroners of the county of such city or town corporate, or

ordered to be other franchise, is fit and proper to be tried by a jury of any next

filed with the adjoining county, that it shall and may be lawful for the said

proper otneer J^c v., J,

of the next court or °yer and terminer or general gaol delivery, at the prayer

adjoining of any defendant, to order such indictment or inquisition, 'and county, and the several recognizances, examinations, and depositions, relathe defendants t; ve to such indictments and inquisitions, to be filed with the proper officer, to be by him kept among the records of the courts of oyer or terminer and general gaol delivery for such next adjoining county, and to cause the defendant or defendants in such indictment to be removed, by writ of Habeas Corpus, to the gaol of such next adjoining county; which writ the said court is hereby directed and authorised to issue, if such defendant or defendants be in the prison of such city or town corporate; and if he, she, or they be not in such prison, to commit such defendant or defendants to the gaol of such next adjoining county, and to cause the prosecutors and witnesses against such defendant or de-

re moved to the gaol thereof, &c.

fondants, to enter into a

or recognizances, to

prosecute and give evidence against such defendant or defendants at the sections of oyer and terminer and general gaol delivery for such next adjoining county; and that the same proceedings and trial shall be had, and the same judgement shall be given, in such last mentioned court of oyer and terminer or general gaol delivery, as would and might be had and given in cases of indictments or inquisitions for the like offences, committed within such next adjoining counties.

The judges of

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the tourc of jt ancj may be ]awfui for any of the judges of his Majesty's

K.inK s bench* j # # j o j j

See may cause court of king's bench, or any of the justices of oyer and terminer p. rfons'in or general gaol delivery, for such next adjoining or other county custody for as aforesaid, on the application of any such prosecutor or prole-nd11ed^v^hTn cutors ten days next before the holding of any sessions of oyer the county of and terminer, or general gaol delivery, for such last mentioned any city or town corporate, to be removed into thecudody of the sheriff of the next aojoinirg county, for trial; and direct coroners to return to the court of oyer and terminer, inquisitions, &c.

county, by proper writs of Habeas Corpus, which they are hereby empowered and authorised to issue, to cause any person or persons who may be in the custody of any jsheriff or ftieriffs, or of the keepers of any gaol or prison, charged with any offence or offences committed within the county of any such city or town corporate, to be removed into the custody of the sheriff of such next adjoining county, in order that he, she, or they may, for such offence or offences as aforesaid, be tried in such last- county, and by order under the hand of any one of the said judges or justices of oyer and terminer and general gaol delivery, to direct the coroner or coroners of the county of any such city or town corporate, or other franchise, to return to the next court of oyer and terminer or general gaol delivery* to be holden for such next adjoining county any inquisition or inquisitions, examination or deposition taken touching the death of any person or

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 697

persons within the limits of his or their jurisdictions; and that whenever, in pursuance of this act, any bill or bills of indictment shall be found by such grand jury as aforesaid, against any person or persons, for any offence or offences committed, or charged to be committed, within the county of any city or town corporate, that it shall and may be lawful for the said courts of oyer and terminer and general gaol delivery, to issue process for apprehending the person or persons against whom such bill or bills of indictment shall be found, if not in custody, and to compel the attendance of witnesses upon the trial of such indictments, in like manner as in cases of indictments found in any such court of t oyer and terminer or general gaol delivery, for offences committed within such adjoining counties.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every Recogni-recognizance which, after the passing of this act, shall be entered

into for the prosecution of any person or persons, for any offence prosecutioTi of or offences committed, or charged to be committed, within the persons for county of any city or town corporate, or within any liberty or offences com-franchise, and every recognizance for the appearance as well of the^ount^of witnesses to give evidence upon any bill of indiCfment to be any cjty JT preferred, or any inquisition found for any such offence or offences town corpo-as aforesaid, as for the appearance of any person or persons to rate> &c; to answer our lord the King, for or concerning the same, shall be ^e^arties^on forfeited, if the prosecutor shall, ten days previous to the holding notice of m-of the next court of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery, in the tention to next adjoining or other county, give notice to the person bound Pre*er indi<ft-in such recognizance to give evidence upon such bill of indi<ft- ^t^oinin^ ment, or to answer our said lord the King as aforesaid, of the in- County, do*tention to prefer such indicftnaent, or to remove such inquisition, not appear, in or into the next adjoining or other county, and the party bound in such recognizance shall not appear, prosecute, or give, or be ready to give, evidence at such court; but if the person bound in such recognizance, after notice as aforesaid, shall appear at such court of the next adjoining or other county, prosecute, give, or be ready to give, evidence on such indictment before the grand jury* and on the trial thereof, or on the trial of such inquisition, then the said recognizance shall be discharged in such and the like manner as if the person bound in such recognizance had complied with the terms thereof.

VI. Provided also, That in case the person or persons who Notice left at

shall enter into such recognizance or recognizances as aforesaid, tJle

cannot be found, and such notice as aforesaid be left at his, her, who cannot

or their last place of abode, ten days previous to the holding such be found, to

sessions as last aforesaid, the same shall be as good and effectual as be effectuab

if the same were left with the person or persons who shall enter

into such recognizance or recognizances: and that no such-Reco£m'

n, n 1 & ., r zances not to

recognizance shall be eirreated or returned into the court or e(lrcated

exchequer until the next following sessions of oyer and terminer until the next

or general gaol delivery to be holden for such next adjoining following fcf-

county, in order that such recognizance or recognizances may h°ns«

be discharged, in case the person or persons who shall have entered

into

69S

Persons before whom such recognizances shall he entered into, 6c c. to return them to the next court of oyer and terminer for the next adjoining county, upon notice of intention to pro fee ute at such iefpror.s for any offence committed within the county of any city or town corporate.

After such notice, bills shall not be preferred, Sec. at any sessions for the county of the city or town corporate.

Justices of oyer and terminer for the county may order the a* pences of prole cut ion, 6c c. to be paid, as if the indictment had been tried in the court of the county of the city or town corporate.

York to be considered as next county to Xinglton upon Hull, and Northumberland as next to Newcastle upon Tyne,

Act not to extend to certain places;

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. [1797.

into the same shall shew to such court of oyer and terminer or general gaol delivery, sufficient cause for discharging the same.

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons, before whom any such recognizance or recognizances as aforesaid shall be entered into, or by whom any examination or deposition shall be taken, touching any such' offence or offences as aforesaid, shall and they are hereby required to return the same to the next court of oyer and terminer and general gaol delivery for such next adjoining county as aforesaid, upon such prosecutor or prosecutors as aforesaid leaving at the dwelling house or other place of abode of the person or persons before whom such recognizance or recognizances shall be entered into, or by whom such examination or deposition shall be taken, ten days before the holding of any sessions of oyer and terminer or general gaol delivery for such next adjoining or other county as aforesaid, notice in writing of his, her, or their intention to prosecute such indictment or inquisition at such last mentioned sessions of oyer and terminer or general gaol delivery, lor any offence or offences committed within the county of any city or town corporate; and that after the delivery as aforesaid of any of the said notices, it shall not be lawful for any person or persons to prefer any bill or bills of indictment, or to return any inqui-s fition, for any offence or offences mentioned in the said recog^-nizances, or any of them, at or to any sessions of oyer and terminer or general gaol delivery for the county of such city or town corporate.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases of indictments, and other proceedings, which may be tried before his Majesty's justices of oyer and terminer or general gaol delivery for any county, in pursuance of the provisions contained in this act, it shall and may be lawful for such justices to order the expences of the prosecution, and of the witnesses, and of the several rewards payable in pursuance of the statutes in such cases made and provided on the conviction of offenders, to be paid by and to the same persons, and in the same manner, as the same would be payable if such indictment had been tried in the court of oyer and terminer or general gaol delivery of the county of such city or town corporate,

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, for the purposes of this act, the county of York shall be considered as the next adjoining county to the county of the town of Kingston 7/pcu Hull; the county of Northumberland as the next adjoining county to the county of the town of Newcastle upon Tyne.

X. Provided always, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the cities of London and Westminster, or the borough of Southvari, or the city or county of the city of Bristol, or the city or county of the city of Chester, or to the criminal jurisdiction of the city of Exeter and county of the same city, unless in cases of indictment removed into his Majesty's court of king's bench by writ of Certiorari, from any court of.

criminal

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo G'Eorgii 111. c. 53. 699

criminal jurisdiction, within the said city or county of the said city of Exeter.

XI. Provided also, That nothing in this act shall extend, or nor to take be construed to extend, to take away any other rights or privi-

leges which have been anciently granted to such corporations, privileges of by royal charters or grants, and which have been immemorially corporations, held and enjoyed by such corporations; but that they shall con- whq shall not tinue in the full possession of all their other exclusive rights and privileges as much as if this act of parliament had never pa/Ted, jurymen Upon and that they shall not be obliged to attend as jurymen upon the the trial of trial of any cause or any indictment which may be removedTrom any cause in the limited jurisdiction to the county at large, nor upon the trial £ounty at of any other cause, or any other indictment, which may be tried ° before his Majesty's justices of assize, oyer and terminer, and general gaol delivery, in the next adjoining county.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- Act no.t rity aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or

be construed to extend, to enable any person to prefer any bill of [Jill Of indictment for any offence committed, or charged to be comment for an mitted, within the county of any city or town corporate, to the offence corn-jury of such next adjoining county as aforesaid, or to remove any coum^of* indictment or other criminal proceeding, except the person pre- any city or ferring such bill, or applying for such removal, shall enter into a town corpo-recognizance before the court where such bill shall be preferred, fate to the or the court or magistrate to whom such application shall be adjoining made, as the case may be, in the firm of forty pounds, conditioned county, unlefe to pay the extra costs attending the prosecuting for such offence recognizance in such next adjoining county, provided the court before whom he entered the trial is had shall be of opinion that he ought to pay the same,

coils.

CAP. LIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty a duty on certificates ififiued with respect to armorial bearings or enfilgns.

[June 21, 1798.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Preamble, commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue as shall be adequate to the increased charge occasioned by any loan to be raised by virtue of any act or acts for that purpose, to be p'acted in this session of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the duties herein after mentioned; and do most: humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and wTith the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, From June 24* from and after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven I79*' hundred and ninety-eight, there shall be raised, levied, collected, following11^ and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britaini unto and be paid,

Vol. XLL Aaa for

Perform using armorial bearings on carriages, seals, plate, or ether articles, to take out an annual certificate: such certificates to per-l'ons keeping carriages, to be charged al. as.;

and to persons not keeping them, but chargeable to the duties on houses, Sec. il. is.;

and to persons not so chargeable, ios. 6d.

Act not to extend to the royal family, or to arms used by citie6, &c.

Duties to be under the management of the commissioners for stamps.

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53, [1797.

for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the stamp duties following; that is to say,

That every person uling or wearing any armorial bearing or ensign, by whatever name the same shall be calied, or who shall be possessed of any carriage, or seal, or plate, or other article on which the same shall be painted, marked, engraved, or affixed, shall previously enter his or her name, and annually take out a certificate thereof in the manner herein mentioned:

That upon every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which any certificate issued to any person keeping a coach or other carriage, upon which any duty under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes is chargeable, and on which such armorial bearing or ensign shall be painted, marked, or affixed, shall be engrossed, written, or printed, there shall be charged a stamp duty of two pounds and two shillings:

That upon every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which any certificate shall be issued to any person not keeping any such coach or other carriage, who shall be charged to the duties on inhabited houses, or to the duties on houses, windows, or lights, by any act passed in the present session of parliament, shall be engrossed, written, or printed, there shall be charged a stamp duty of one pound and one shilling:

And that upon every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which any certificate issued to any person not keeping any such coach or other carriage, nor being charged to the said duties on inhabited houses, or to the duties on houses, windows, or lights, shall be engrossed, written, or printed, there shall be charged a stamp duty of ten shillings and sixpence.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to charge any of the royal family with any of the duties by this act imposed, or any person who shall by right of office, or by appointment, wear or use any of the arms or insignia worn or used by the royal family, or used by any city, borough, or town corporate in Great Britain.

III. And be it further enacted, That, for the more effectual levying, collecting, and paying the said duties herein-before granted, the same shall be under the government, care, and management of the commissioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who, or the major part of them, are required and empowered to denote the payment of the said duties by this act imposed, either by using any stamps in their possession heretofore provided to be used in relation to any former duties on stamped vellum, parchment, or paper* or to provide new stamps for that purpose, and to renew or alter the same from time to time as they shall see occasion, and to do all things necessary to be done for putting this act in execution with relation to the said duties hereby granted, in as full and ample a manner as they or the

major

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53. 701

major part of them are authorised to put in execution any former law concerning damped vellum, parchment, or paper.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, for the greater conve- Commifnon-

nience in paying the said duties, the said of of damp wltSif

duties, by any writing'under the hands and seals of any three or certain limits more of them, shall and may appoint such and so many offices for receipt of and places, within the limits of ten- miles from the head office of names, &c.; ft imp duties in Middlesex, for the receipt of all accounts of the ^trffiutors to names and places of abode of persons liable to the payment of appoint them the said duties, within the said limits, in pursuance of this act, without such and that the respective field distributors of {lamps shall also, limits, &c. without the said limits, in their respective divisions, with the consent and approbation of the said of, appoint in: every county, riding, division, shire, stewartry, or place, in Great Britain, one or more such offices and places for the receipt of all accounts of the names and places of abode of all other persons liable to the payment of the said duties, without the limits of ten miles from the head office as aforesaid; all which said offices and places shall respectively be kept open for the purposes of this adfc on such days, and during such periods of the year, as the said 'Commissioners shall from time to time direct; which directions, and alfa the situation of the respective offices and places aforesaid, the said of shall cause to be, from time to time, publickly advertised in some newspaper usually circulated in the neighbourhood of such offices or places respectively, with the names of the officers appointed to superintend the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the twenty- Persons liable

fourth dav of Vune one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, niat^ en"

., '. J r, r.J ° 5 try, and on

or within the lpace of two calendar months next ensuing, every payment of

person liable to any of the duties by this act imposed, shall make duty, c'ertifi-

such entry as aforesaid, by delivering, or causing to be delivered, cat's to he

according to the directions of this act, into the head office of^followin?

stamps, or such other office as f, he said of shall ap- forms.

point within the limits aforesaid, or in the office of the head

distributors of stamps, or their deputies, or other persons appointed

to receive the same, an account in writing, containing his or her

name and place of abode, and whether he or file is chargeable to

the said duties in respect of, any coach or other carriage before

mentioned, or to any of the duties on inhabited houses, or oti

houses, windows, or lights, or one of the family, or a lodger or inmate abiding in the house of any person, with the day, month, and year of delivering in the same; and such of, or their distributors respectively, or their respective deputies, or such other person or persons who shall be appointed to receive such accounts at the office or place of delivery, shall thereupon, and upon payment of the said duty, issue a certificate made out in the

name of the proper officer, and damped to denote the duty by

this act imposed, in the form and manner herein after directed; and which account and certificate shall respectively be made out

in the forms following; (that is to say),

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53. [1797.

FORM OF ACCOUNT.

Day of in the year of our Lord

Here set forth the county and paiilh, ward, street, or town, where the office is fiiuatc. Here set forth the name or names of the parties. Here set forth the place of abode, containing town, street, panlh, and county. Here set forth whether the party is chargeable for the said duties in respect of any coadf or other carriage before mentioned, or to any of the duties on inhabited houses, ' or on windows or lights, or one of the family; videlicet, Wife, son, daughter, &c. fas the case way be), or lodger or inmate, and the year for which the certificate is to, be taken out.

FORM OF CERTIFICATE.

Counterpart.

Form of certificate.

Mere set forth the number of certificate and date.

Here set forth the name and place of abode of the party, or other description that may be nccelFary.

Here set forth the county and town, or parish, where the certificate is ihued, and the name of the officer issuing the same, and the year for which the certificate is ifisued,

1797O Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53. 703

VI. And be it further enacted, That every certificate issued by Commence-virtue of this act, shall cease and determine on the twenty-fourth {^rmination^f day of June after the same shall be issued; and every certificate certificates, taken out within two calendar months after the twenty-fourth

day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, for the year ending on the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, or in any subsequent year, for the year in which the same shall be issued, shall be in force until and upon the twenty-fourth day of June then next following, and shall commence from the date thereof; and every certificate taken out for any year subsequent to the year in which the same shall be issued, shall commence from the twenty-fourth day of June then next ensuing, and continue in force until and upon the twenty-fourth day of June in the succeeding year.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said of Commission-

of the stamp duties shall cause to be prepared books, in which j?^arC

certificates shall be printed in blank, and counterparts thereof, taining certi-for the names, places of abode, and description of the persons re- ficates, &c. spedlively, to whom the same shall be issued, to be inserted therein;

which respective certificates and counterparts thereof, shall be of equal length and breadth as near as may be, and shall be joined with some flourish or device, through which the certificates, being duly stamped to denote the duty hereby imposed, may be cut off indentwise from the counterpart thereof, after being respectively numbered; and the said of shall take care to provide the several distributors or other officers to be appointed to receive accounts from persons liable to the said duty by virtue of this act, with sufficient numbers of the said books containing such certificates and counterparts as aforesaid, that all and every the said persons may be supplied with certificates, damped in pursuance of this act, as they shall require the same; and the said commis- On payment sioners and head distributors respectively, or their officers aforesaid, tifortes to be who shall receive any account or accounts, together with the delivered duties payable by virtue of this act as aforesaid, shall forthwith, gratis, in respect of each and every person whose name and place of abode shall be entered therein, fill up one of the said certificates with the name, place of abode, and description of such- person entering such account, and the date of issuing the same, and shall, in like manner, fill up the counterpart thereof with the said particulars, and, as the same are severally filled up as aforesaid, shall cause the certificates to be carefully cut off, indentwise, from the counterparts, and delivered to the respective persons requiring the same in manner aforesaid, on payment of the duty hereby imposed in respect thereof, and without fee or other charge.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective distri- Distributors

butors and officers aforesaid shall, whenever they shall be there- cer

unto required by the said of of stamp duties, return tideates to the the said books where from the certificates to be issued as aforesaid commission-shall have been cut indentwise, to the said of, at their ers, who shall head office in Middlesex; and the said of shall cause

one correct lift in alphabetical order to be made out in every the persons

A a a 3 year, who have ob-

7°4

tained them to their officers in each county, &c.

for copies of lifts.

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53. [1797.

year of all and every the persons who shall have obtained certificates in pursuance of this act, for each county, riding, division, -[hire, stewartry, or place in Great Britain, containing the names, places of abode, and description of such persons respectively, and shall transmit a correct copy thereof to such of their officers as the said of shall approve, in each county, riding, division, {hire, stewartry, or place in Great Britain, which lifts and copies respectively at the head office of {lamps, and at the respective offices in the several counties, ridings, divisions, {hires, stewartries, and places in Great Britain, shall be open to the in-spedfion of any person, at all seasonable hours, on payment of f'ee to^hcpaid f1Xpence anc] n0 more; and the said of, by their officers as aforesaid, are hereby required and directed, upon demand, to deliver a true copy or copies of all such lifts in their pofsection, or of such of them as a copy shall be demanded, to any person or persons whatever, (such copy or copies, purporting to be a true copy or copies, to be certified and signed by such officers respectively), for which no greater fee than three-pence shall be charged, unless the copies so demanded shall contain the entries of two or more persons, in which case there shall be paid at the rate of fixpenee for every two persons whose. names are certified, therein; which said lifts and parts of lifts, and also a copy signed as aforesaid, of them, or any of them, or any part thereof, shall at all times and at all places be allowed and admitted as legal evidence of a certificate having been obtained by the person or persons whose names shall be certified therein; and such copy shall and may be required by any justice of the peace in Great Britain, before whom any prosecution shall be depending, to be delivered gratis, on notice in writing being left at the office of the said of, or their respective officers in the county where such certificates {'hall have been granted, to whom respectively the same shall appertain.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any officer appointed to receive accounts of persons names and places of abode, in pursuance of this act, or to make out and issue certificates, or to return lifts or copies thereof, shall neglect to perform his or their duty in the execution of such office, with relation to the powers and trust vested in them respectively by this act, acccording to the rules and directions herein mentioned, or shall commit, or suffer to be committed, any undue or fraudulent pradfice in the execution of such office, and be thereof lawfully convicted, then such officer or other person aforesaid shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of thirty pounds,

X. And be it further enacted, That one moiety of all pecuniary penalties and forfeitures hereby imposed (except where other provisions are expressly made), shall (if sued for within the space of three calendar months from the time of any such penalty or forfeiture being incurred) he to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-ceffiors, and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of suit to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same within the time aforesaid, and which shall and may fie sued for in his Majesty's

Lifts and copies to be admitted as evidence.

Justices may require copies gratis.

Penalty on officers for neglect of duty.

Application

and recovery of penalties sued for in three months

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53. 705

Majesty's court of exchequer at Westminster, for offences committed in England, and in his Majesty's court of exchequer at Edinburgh for offences-committed in Scotland\ by" action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoign, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, in Recovery and default of prosecution within the time herein-before limited, no ^nalt^no^ such penalty or forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable, except faedforwithin in the name of his Majesty's attorney general in England, or ad- three months, vocate in Scotland, by information in the respective courts aforesaid, and in which case the whole of such penalty or forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors; and that all penalties and forfeitures, and shares of penalties and forfeitures, incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or sucessors, shall be paid into the hands of the receiver general of his Majesty's stamp duties for the time being; and that in all cases where the whole of such pecuniary penalcies or forfeitures shall be recovered to the use of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, it shall be lawful for the said of to cause such rewards as they shall think fit, not exceeding one moiety of such penalties or forfeitures so recovered, after deducting all charges and expences incurred in recovering the same, to be paid thereout to or amongst any person or persons who shall appear to them to be entitled thereto, either as discoverers or informers, in respe<Sb to such penalties or forfeitures so recovered; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it Justices may shall and may be lawful to and for any justice of the peace re-

Tiding near the place where the offence shall be committed, to wjiere the pe. hear and determine any offence against this act, which subjects nalty does not the offender to any pecuniary penalty, not exceeding twenty exceed aol. pounds; which said justice of the peace is hereby authorised and required, upon any information exhibited, or complaint made in that behalf, within three calendar months after the offence committed, to summon the party accused, giving to each party three days notice to appear, and also the witnesses on either side, and to examine into the matter of fast, and upon proof made thereof either by voluntary confession of the party accused, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or otherwise, as the case may require, to give judgement or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture, as in and by this act is directed, to be di- Application vided one moiety thereof to the poor of the parish or place where of penalty, the offence shall be committed, and the other moiety thereof the informer or informers, and to award and issue out his war- 1

rant under his hand and seal, for the levying the said penalty ? adjudged of the goods of the offender, and to cause sale to be made thereof in case they shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus (if any); and where the goods of such offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the penalty, to commit such offender to prison, there to remain for any lpace of time, not exceeding fix nor less than three calendar

A A a 4 months*

Appeal may be made to the quarter sessions.

Costs may be awarded.

706 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53. [1797.

months, unless such pecuniary penalty shall be (boner paid and Satisfied; and if either party shall find himself or themselves ag- grieved by the judgement of any such justice, then he and they shall and may, upon giving security to the amount of the value of such penalty and forfeiture, together with such costs as shall be awarded in case such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general quarter sessions for the county, riding, division, shire, stewartry, or place, which shall happen, after fourteen days next after such conviction shall have been made, and of which appeal reasonable notice shall be given, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the judgement of such justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons appealing, to pay such costs occasioned by such appeal, as to Justices may them shall seem meet: provided also, That in case the party accused adjourn bear- of any offence in using or wearing any armorial bearing or en-plaints^where without obtaining a certificate according to this abb, shall the party insist in his excuse before the justice of the peace, that he has swears he has obtained a certificate in any county or place, and shall, on his certificate1 in oat^ or armati°n5 alledge and set forth the county or place, another place an(^me Staining the same, it shall be lawful, at the request of the party accused, for the said justice of the peace to adjourn the hearing and determination of the complaint to a future time or times, to be in the discretion of the said justice, in order for the party accused to produce his certificate to such entry, or copy thereof, under the hand of the proper officer as herein is directed; and if at the end of the time or times so to be allowed, such party shall not produce to such justice of the peace such certificate, or an entry or copy thereof as aforesaid, the said justice shall proceed to the hearing and determining of such complaint Penalties may }n the manner before directed: provided nevertheless, That it be mitigated. f^all ancj may be ]awful to and for the said justice, where he shall see cause, to mitigate and lessen such penalties as he shall think fit, (reasonable costs and charges of the officers and informers, as well in making the discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed over and above such mitigation), and so as such mitigation doth not reduce the penalties to lefts than the moiety of the penalties incurred over and above the said costs and charges; any thing contained in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective distributors and officers shall, within six weeks after the receipt of the copy of such lift, make out, or cause to be made out therefrom, correct lifts of all and every the persons named therein, affixed on the for each city or town, parish and place, within such county, cnureh doors, rjding, division, shire, stewartry, and place, and, within the period of seven days after, cause the same to be respectively transmitted to the churchwardens or overseers of the poor, constables, tythfng men, or other peace officers of or within such city, town, parish, or place, or to some or one of them, who

Distributors to trail In'.it copies of lifts to the pai till officers to be

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53. 707

shall, within three days after the receipt of any such lift, cause a true and exact copy thereof to be affixed on the church or chapel doors, and market cross (if any) of such city, town, parish or place; and if such town or place shall not have a church or chapel, then on the church or chapel door of the next adjoining parish, and shall cause the same to be, from time to time, replaced for the space of four weeks then next ensuing, and as often as it shall be necessary for that purpose, shall, from time to time, during the said space of four weeks, affix other copies thereof in like manner; and every person wilfully tearing, de- Penalty for facing, or removing any such copy so affixed within the said defacing eo-space of four weeks, shall forfeit, for every offence, the sum of ^lLS' forty shillings, on conviction before a justice of the peace, as herein after is directed, to be paid, one moiety thereof to such churchwarden or overseer of the poor, constable, tythingman, or other peace officer aforesaid, and the other moiety thereof to the informer or informers.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Penalty for expiration of two calendar months after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, if any out cerfifi. person shall use or wear any armorial bearing or ensign, by what- cate, 8cc. ever name the same shall be calied, or shall be possessed of or use any carriage, or seal, or plate, or other article on which any.armorial bearing or ensign shall be painted, marked, engraved, or affixed, without having obtained a certificate from the proper officer of stamps in the county, riding, division, shire, stewartry, or place where such person shall reside, in pursuance and according to the directions of this act, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, which may be sued for and recovered in the county, shire, stewartry, or place, where such offender shall be; and if any person having obtained any such certificate shall afterwards fell, transfer, assign, or deliver the same to any other person, with intent that such certificate shall be fraudulently made use of to the diminution of his Majesty's revenue, granted by this act, or if any person shall fraudulently use any such certificate, in order to evade the payment of the said duty by this act imposed, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of thirty pounds.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Persons from person who shall come into this kingdom from foreign parts foreign parts shall be required to obtain his or her certificate in pursuance of tificates^fter" this aff before the expiration of twenty-one days next after such 2i ^ayS frolIl arrival, and the proof of such person's arrival from foreign parts, arrival,

and of the' time of such arrival, shall lie upon the party claiming such privilege.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- Penalty on foils shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses to give evi- witneilVs ne-dence before such justice, touching any of the masters relative

to this act, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time and give'evidence. place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable ex-

cufe

708 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53. [1797.

cufe for such neglect or refusal, to be allowed of by such justice of the peace, or appearing shall refuse to be examined on oath, and give evidence before whom the prosecution shall be depending, that then every such person shall forfeit, for every such of^ fence, the sum of forty shillings, to be levied and paid in such manner, and by such means, as is herein directed as to other penalties.

Convictions

XVII. And be it futher enacted, That the justice of the peace may be made before whom any offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall Swin^rm^ cau^e t^ie conviction to be made out in the manner and form following, or in any other form of words to the same effect,

mutatis mutandis, (that is to say),

) E it remembered, That on the day of

in the year of our Lord.in the

county of A.B. of was

convicted before me C.D. one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for residing near the place where the

offence was committed, for that the said A.B. on the day of now last past, did, contrary to the form

of the statute in that case made and provided, [here Jiate the offence against the act\ and I do declare and adjudge that the said A.B. hath forfeited the sum of of lawful money

of Great Britain, for the offence aforesaid, to be distributed as the law directs. Given under my hand and seal, the day of

CoTrvi&ionsto Which conviction the said justice shall cause to be wrote fairly the^ u-^rter upon Parchment, and returned to the next general or quarter sessions to be sessions of the peace for the county, riding, division, fibre, filed, &c. stewartry, or place, where such conviction was made, to be filed by the proper officer there, and there to remain and be kept among the records of the same county, riding, division, shire, stewartry, or place, and no such conviction shall be removed by Certiorari, or other process, into any court whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any stamp or mark directed or allowed to be used or provided, made or used, in pursuance of this act, for the purpose of denoting the duty by this act granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the same upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, with intention to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of the said duty, or shall utter, vend, fell, or expose to sale, any vellum, parchment, or paper, liable to the said duty, with such counterfeit mark or impression thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeited; or shall privately or fraudulently nfe any stamp directed or allowed to be used by this abt, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of the said duty; every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death, as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy,

Penalty for

counterfeiting. &c. ftajnps.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. 0, 54, 709

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all powers, provisions, Provisions of articles, clauses, allowance cn present: payment of the duty, and r<Ta^\'^s all other matters and things prescribed and appointed by any for-

mer acct or acfts of parliament relating to the stamp duties on to extend to vellum, parchment, and paper, (and not hereby altered), shall this act.

(as far as the same are applicable) be in full force and effeift with, relation to the duty hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in execution for the raising, levying, coliedling, and securing, the said duty hereby imposed, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been re--enabled, with relation to the said duty hereby imposed.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the duties herein-before Duties <0 be granted shall be paid, from time to time, into the hands of the to the^re-receiver general for the time being of the duties on stamped vel- oHUmps?and lum, parchment, and paper, who shall pay the same, the necef- by him into fary charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same be- the excising deduced, into the receipt of the exchequer, at such timeycllHr*

and in such manner, as the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid; and the said money so paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

XXI. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That the Application monies arising or to arise of the duty hereby granted, or so much °*" duties, thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an addition made to

the revenue for the purpose of defraying the increased charge occasioned by such part of any loan, made by virtue of any act or acts passed in this session of parliament, as doth not exceed the sum of seven millions; and that the said monies shall, during the Ipace of ten years next ensuing, be paid into the said receipt, distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said duties, and paid into the said receipt, shall, together with the monies arising from any other rates and duties granted in this feffioti of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatever.

CAP. LIV.

An act to amend several laws of excise relating to coach makers, auctioneers, beer and cyder exported, certificates and debentures, /lamps on hides and /kins, drawbacks on wines and /wests, and ale and beer licences.

[June 21, 1798.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the twenty-fifth, year of the Pre?'mble.

reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting 25 Geo. 3-to his Majesty certain duties upon licences to be t; aken out by c. 45> rcClte<*'

coach-

7 JO Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 54. [1797.

coachmakers, and also certain duties upon carriages to be built for sale; it is enabled, That every coachmaker shall, once in six weeks, deliver a true account in writing of the number and kinds of fuel? carriages as in the said act is mentioned, which he or she shall have made, built, or conflruCled\ and fold, within fix iveeks, and of the days on which each carriage reffectively was delivered or sent out of his or her /hop or warehouse, in manner as in the said act is directed: and whereas it is expedient to provide that every such account should also contain the several matters and things herein after mentioned: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by In the ac- the authority of the same, That in every such account in writ-counts dire(51- ing delivered at the chief office of excise in London, or at the act to heaven oknee of excise at Edinburgh, or to any collector or super-in by coach- visor of excise, by any coachmaker in pursuance of the said act, makers to the such coachmaker shall specify the particular day on which each excile office, such carriage was delivered or sent out of his or her shop or cubi^Vo be1* warehouse, and the name and place of abode of the person or inserted, and Persons to or for whom each such carriage was so delivered or

iworn to.

sent;

Penalty on auctioneers

in the legal time, See,

and such coachmaker, or his or her chief workman or manager, shall make oath to the truth of such account according to the bell of his knowledge and belief; which oath shall be ad-roiniftered by such person as by the said act is directed to administer the former oath by the said act prescribed.

II. And be it further enacted, That every auctioneer who shall neglect or refuse to make payment within the time limited by law duties cmfales for payment thereof, of any duty or duties arising or charged, or chargeable for or by reason of any sale or sales by way of auction, by him held, shall forfeit and lose for every such offence double the lum of the said duty whereof the payment shall be so neglected or refused; and in case within fourteen days next after any such auctioneer shall have been convicted in the said last mentioned penalty, and execution or process shall have issued on such convition to levy the said penalty, no goods or chattels, or not sufficient goods or chattels, belonging to such auctioneer shall be found whereon to levy the whole of the said penalty in which he shall have been so convicted, and such penalty or any part thereof shall remain unpaid at the end of every such fourteen days, or if it shall appear that such auctioneer hath acted contrary to the true intent and meaning of his bond, then, and in each and every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners of excise to cause the bond entered into to be put in suit against such auctioneer and his sureties, unless the said commissioners of excise shall fee sufficient cause to forbear the same; and thereupon, in case of a verdict or judgement against such auctioneer, his licence shall thenceforth become void to all intents and purposes.

III. And whereas, by the laws now in force, no provison is made to relieve auctioneers against any over-payment made for or on account of the duty on sales at auction., save and except, in the case of sales by

auction

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 54" 711

autlion of efiates, goods, or chattels, rendered void by reason that the person for whose benefit the same were fold, /W ha ///Z? to the same,

or no right to dispose thereof: and whereas it is expedient to grant

relief to every auctioneer making any over-payment for or on account of the duty arising on any sale at auction; be it therefore enacted.

That if any audioneer shall make any over-payment for or on If auctioneer*

account of the duty arising on any sale at auction, it shall and ^entsTof

may be lawful to and for the audioneer making such over-pay- duties^they

ment, within twelve months next after the time of making such may complain

over-payment, to lay his complaint before the of of to thecom-

excise, or justices of the peace, within whose jurisdiction respect mi^oners of^j 1 7 4 1'excite or

tively such sale was made; and the said commissioners of excise, justices'where

or justices of the peace respectively, upon such complaint to them the sale was made by or on the behalf of such audioneer, shall, and are hereby made, who required to hear and determine all such complaints, and examine J^]^re, ieVC the witnesses upon oath, which shall be produced as well on the behalf of the party making such complaint as on the behalf of all and every other party and parties, which oath they have hereby power to administer; and thereupon, or by other due proof, to relieve the party so complaining of so much of such payment as shall be so made out before them to have been overpaid; any thing in any act or acts of parliament contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas the laivs now in force relating to the exportation of beer, in order to obtain the bounty or drawback by law allowed on the exportation of such beer, are not sufficient to answer the good purposes thereby intended, and it is therefore expedient to make further provision in that behalf; be it therefore enacted, That, before any To obtain the perforf or persons shall receive any bounty or drawback for or in ^rawback on respect of beer entered for exportation, in order to obtain any the folio wing* such bounty or drawback, the brewer, or his, her, or their oaths to be known servant, or the exporter, or his, her, or their known made; servant, (as the case may require), shall, on the debenture, make such oath (as the case may require,) before one or more of the commissioners of excise, or before the proper col-Jedor or other officer of excise, (which oath any one or more of the said of, or such collector or other officer, is hereby authorised and empowered to administer), as is herein after in that behalf prescribed; which respective oaths shall be in the words or to the effect following:

OATH for beer exported by the brewer.

4 Y A.B. do solemnly swear, That the above-mentioned X barrels of strong beer were put on board the ship

or vessel above named, and exported therein as merchandize to be spent beyond the seas, and no part thereof for the ship's use; and that the excise duty has been charged on the said beer as strong.

So help me GOD.

OATH

y i2 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 54. [1797.

OATH for beer exported by any other person.

I A.B. do swear, That, to the bed of my knowledge and JL belief, the above-mentioned barrels

of strong beer were put on board the ship or vessel above-named, and exported therein as merchandize to be spent beyond the seas, and no part thereof for the ship's use; and that, by the officer's certificate, it appears the said beer was brewed by of common brewer, and the excite duty charged

on the same as (Irong beer.

So help me GOD.'

V. And whereas the laws now-in force relating to the exportation cf cyder, in order to obtain the drawback by law allowed on the exportation of fuel? cyder, are not sufficient to tin fiver, the good purposes thereby intended, and it is therefore expedient to wake further provi-and on cyder, fion tn that behalf; be it therefore enacted, That before any per-the following son or persons shall receive any drawback for or in respect of cy- der entered for exportation, in order to obtain any firch draw-

back, the exporter of such cyder, or his, her, or their servant, shall-on the debenture make such oath before any one or more of the said commissioners of excise, or before the collector or other officer of excise, (which oath any one or: more of the said of, or such collector or other officer, ' is hereby author i fed and empowered to administer), as is herein after prescribed; which oaih Avail be in the words, or to the effect, following;

GATH for cyder exported.

I A.B. do swear, That, to the best of my knowledge and A belief, the above-mentioned _ hogsheads

of cyder were put on board the ship or vessel above-named, and expor ted therein as merchandize to be spent beyond the seas, and no part thereof for the ship's use; and that the duties of excise have been charged thereon, and have not been repaid.

So help me GOD.'

500l. penalty

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons ioi counter- whatever shall counterfeit or forge, or cause or procure to be crit1's^cr givcounterfeited or forged, any certificate authorisedor required to infer receiv- be granted by any officer or officers of excise, under or by vir-

take ones, ttic of any act or acts of parliament in force immediately before

&c* the passing of this act, and relating to any of the duties of excise, or if any person or persons shall knowingly or willingly

give any fa]fe or untrue certificate as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any false or untrue certificate as aforesaid, or if any person or persons Avail fraudulently alter or er2fe any such true certificate after the same shall have been given or granted by the proper officer or officers of excise, or if any person or persons shall knowingly or willingly publish or make use of any such certificate so counterfeited, forged, false,

untrue,

73

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 54.

untrue, altered, or erased, every person or persons so offending shall for each and every such offence several iy forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds*

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon every aCHon, bill. Defendants to plaint, or information, entered or filed in any of his Majesty's

courts of record at Westminster, or court of exchequer in Scot- penalty/ land, for the said penalty of five hundred pounds, a Capias in the first process shall or may issue, specifying such penalty; and the defendant or defendants shall be obliged to give sufficient bail by natural-born subjects, persons naturalized or denizens, to the person or persons to whom such Capias shall be directed, to appear in the court out of which such Capias shall issue, at the day of the return of such writ, to answer such suit or prosecution, and shall likewise, at the time of such appearance, give sufficient bail or security in the said court, to answer and pay such penalty Or penalties of five hundred pounds, in case, he, she, or they, shall be convicted thereof, or to yield his, her, or their body or bodies to prison.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any officer or offi- Officers of ex* cers of excise shall knowingly or collusively accept or receive counterfeited any counterfeited, forged, or untrue certificate, as and for a certificates, or lawful and true certificate duly granted by any officer or officers giving impro-of excise, under and by virtue of any act or acts of parliament

in force immediately before the passing of this act, and relating th'at uncJue9to any of the duties of excise, or shall, under colour of any such drawback Counterfeited, forged, or untrue certificate, knowingly or col- may be ob-lufively give to any maker or manufacturer of, or dealer in, any goods, wares, merchandize, or commodity, for or in respect whereof any duty of excise is by law imposed, any undue or improper credit in any book or books relating to the said duties of excise, for the purpose of creating or keeping up an undue or fictitious flock of any such goods, wares, merchandize, or commodity, with intent that any such maker, manufacturer, or dealer, shall or may obtain any undue payment or allowance by way of drawback of any of the duties of excise, for or on account of any such goods, wares, merchandize, or commodity, never in reality shipped and exported, then and in every such case the officer or officers of excise so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall, for such his or their offence, be transported as a felon or felons for the space of seven years, in such manner as felons are appointed to be transported by an act made in the twenty-fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the effectual transportatioti of felons and other offenders, and to authorise the removal of prisoners in certain cases; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons Persons conn*

shall, with intent to defraud his Majesty, counterfeit or forge, terteiting de-or cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any debenture i ire Vi fe^ o f

in any case in which a debenture is by any act or acts of parlia- them, guilty ment relating to the duties of excise required or directed to be of felony

given bene-

0 fit ot clergy.

714 " Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 54. [1797.

given or granted, or shall knowingly or willingly utter, publish* or make use of any such counterfeited or forged debenture, every person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon or felons, and have execution awarded against him, her, or them, as persons attainted of felony without benefit of clergy.

9 Annas, c. u; X. And vehercas by an act made in the ninth year of the reign of

her late majesty fthieen Anne, for laying certain duties upon hides and skins tanned, tawed, or-dressed, and on vellum and parchment, certain duties lucre imposed for and upon hides and skins tanned, tawed, or dressed in Great Britain, in manner in the said aft mentioned, and provision was by the said act made for marking and stamping all the hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, tanned, tawed, or drefed, and all the vellum and parchment made in Great Britain during the continuance of that act, for securing the duties thereby imposed; and it was provided, that if any person or persons whatever. should at any time or times thereafter counterfeit or forge any stamp or mark to resemble any stamp or mark which fmilcl be provided or made in pursuance of the said act, or should counterfeit or resemble the hnpression of the same upon any hide or skin, or piece of any hide or skin, or any vellum or parchment, thereby to defraud her said Majesty, her heirs and successors, of any of the said duties thereby granted, or should utter, vend, or Jell, any hide or skin, or piece of any hide or skin, vellum or parchment, with such counterfeit mark or impresson thereupon, knoiuing such mark or impression to be counterfeited, then every such person so offending, being thereof convicted in due form of law, should be adjudged a felon, and should Jujfer death

10 Annse, as in cases of felony without benefit of clergy: and whereas by another

c. 26; act made in the tenth year of the reign of her said late Majesty, certain additional duties were imposed for and upon hides and skins tan-ned, tawed, or dressed in Great Britain, in manner in the said act mentioned; and it ivas by the said act amongst other things enacted,

\That the several and respective additional or new rates and duties by that act imposed upon all or any such hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, made wares, vellum, and parchment, fioould and might, from time to time, be ascertained, raiseel, received, levied, recovered, and secured by such ways, means, and ?nethods, and by the same or disfereyit famps and marks, and under such pains of death and other penalties and forfeitures, and with such powers of adjudging the said duties, and adjudging and mitigating the said penalties and forfeitures, or any of them, and other powers, and subject to proportional allowances, drawbacks, and repayments, and to such rules and dir eft ions, and in such methods, manner, and form as the respective duties upon the like hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, made wares, vellum, and parch?nent, granted by the said act made in the ninth year of her Majesty's reign, were by that act, or any law or fatute thereby referred unto, prefer!bed, appointed, or enacted during the continuance thereof, to be ascertained, raised, received, levied, secured, or recovered, and that the act last-metiUgned, and all the clauses, pains of death, penalties, forfeitures, powers, authorities, rules, dire ft ions, matters and things therein contained, or

thereby

V 1797O Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 54. 715

thereby referred unto, for the raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, paying, or accounting for the said duties thereby granted, or tfry arrearages of the same, or any way relating to the same duties, pains, penalties, or forfeitures by that act chargeable, by force and virtue of that present act, should be continued, praftifedand put in execution for raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, paying, and accounting for the duties upon hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, made wares, vellum, and parchment, by that act granted, and all arrearages thereof, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if they were particularly and at large repeated in the body of that act: and whereas by another act, made in the third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, 3 Geo. i. c. j; the said duties were made perpetual; and by another act made in the fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, 5 Geo. i. c.; among other things for the better securing the duties on hides and skins, vellum and parchment, reciting that, for preventing the counterfeiting of any fiamp or fiamps, seal or seals, which bad been, or should be appointed to be used to denote the charging of the duties, or of the additional duties, which by several acts, the one made in the ninth, and the other in the te?ith years of the reign of her late majesty fjhieen Anne, were set and imposed upon hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, and upon vellum and parchment, tanned, tawed, dreffect, or made, it was enacted, Fhat the of which for the time being were or should be appointed for the receipt, government, and management of the said duties, or additional duties, arifng in England or Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, or the major part of them; and also, the of which for the time being ivere or fioould he appointed for the receipt, government, and management of the said duties, or additional duties, arising in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, should respectively have full power and authority, and thereby were respectively empowered and authorsed, from time to time, when and so often as they respectively should fee occasion, to dire ft, cause, and procure, new fiamps or seals to be made for the marking and fiamping all such hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, and of vellum and parchment, as should respectively be tanned, tawed, dreffect, or made, either in England, or Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, or in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to be made vfe of for the respective purposes before mentioned, in the lieu and ficad of such other fiamps, marks, or seals, as, before* the respective time and times of providing and appointing such new ones, should respectively have been used for the purposes before mentioned, and that such new fiamps and Jeals so to be provided as aforesaid, from the respective time and times when they respectively should he so as aforesaid ordered to be used for the respective purposes aforesaid, should respectively be and were thereby declared to be the legal and authentick fiamps and seals respectively to be made use of for the respective purposes before mentioned \ and that the counterfeiting or forging any fiamp or seal to referable any fiamp or seal which in pursuance of the said act should be so as aforesaid directed or ordered, or the counterfeiting or refem-bling of the impression of any such fiamp or fiamps, seal or seals, so Vol. XLI. Bbb directed

716 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 54. [1797.

dire fled, or ordered as aforesaid, or any hide or jkin, or piece of any hide or fun, or on any vellum or parchment, whereby to defraud his said Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the duties imposed or charged by the said affs, or either of them, or the uttering, vending, or fellings any hide or Jkin, or any piece of any hide or Jkin, or any vellum or parchment, with such counterfeit mark or impression thereupon, knowing such mark or impression to be counterfeitedfshould render and make the offender and offenders therein subject and liable to the like penalties, forfeitures, and pains of deaths as was and were mentioned and expressed in the said act made in the said ninth year of the reign of her said late majesty ffiueen Anne: and whereas by another art made in the twenty fleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, among other things, for repealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, the said duties on hides and skins, tanned, tawedor dreffect, in Great Britain, are repealed, and in lieu thereof other duties of excise imposed for hides and skins, and parts and pieces of hides and skins, tanned, ', tawed, or drefed, in Great Britain, in manner mentioned in the said act; and by another act made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, among other things, for repealing the duties on hides and skins drefed in oil in this kingdom, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof, the excise duties imposed by the said att of the twenty-seventh year of the" reign of his present Majesty for hides and skins, and parts and pieces of hides and skins, drefed in oil in Great Britain, arc repealed, and in lieu thereof other duties of excise imposed, for such hides and skins, and parts and pieces of hides and 31 Geo. 3. and skins, dressed in oil in Great Britain: and whereas by another c. 17, recited. made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, among other things, for repealing certain duties of excise upon tamicd goat skins and Sheep skins, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof the duties of excise by the said act of the twenty-seventh year of the reign aforesaid, imposed for goat skins tanned with Jhurnack, or otherwise, in Great Britain, to referable Spanish leather, and for /keep skins tanned for roans, (being after the nature of Spanish leather), in Great Britain, are repealed, and in lieu thereof other duties of excise imposed for goat skins tanned with fhumack, or otherwise, in Great Britain, to referable Spanish leather, and for Sheep skins tanned for roans, (being after the nature of Spanish leather ), in Great Britain: and whereas doubts have arisen whether by the said acts of the twenty-eighth and thirty-first years of the reign of his present Majesty, or by either of them, or by any other act or acts of parliament now in force, the pains of death imposed by the said acts of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of her said late majesty ffueen Anne, and of the fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, or by any or either of them, remain in force against any person who shall counterfeit or forge any stamp or mark to resemble any stamp or mark provided, made, altered, or renewed, in pursuance of the said three last mentioned acts, or any or either of them, for the /lamping and marking any such hides and fans tanned, tawed, or dreffect, in Great Britain, or against any person who shall counterfeit or refembk the impression of the same upon any hide or Jkin,

or

*7 Geo. 3. c. 13 i

aS Geo. 3.

c. 3 7>

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 54. 7*7

or piece of any hide or skin, thereby to defraud his present Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties imposed by the said aids of the twenty-eighth and thirty-first years of the reign of his present Majesty, or either of themy or against any person who shall utter, vendy or felly any hide or skiny or any piece of any hide or skin, with such counterfeit mark or impression thereupon, knowing such mark or impression to be counterfeited: now, to obviate and remove all such doubts, be it declared and enacted, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That the pains of death imposed The pains of by the said acts of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of her said late majesty Queen Anne, and of the fifth year of the reign Anns, and of his late majesty King George the First, or by any or either of 5 Geo. 1. to them, do and shall remain in force against all and every person be in force or persons who, after the passing of this act, shall counterfeit or fcfns^h^shall forge any stamp or mark to resemble any stamp or mark, pro- counterfeit vided, made, altered, or renewed in pursuance of the said three stamps pro-last mentioned acts, or any or either of them, for the damping vided in pur-and marking any such hides and skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed ^eelaftmen-in Great Britain \ and also against any person or persons who, tioned acts, after the passing of this act, shall counterfeit or resemble the im- &c. pression of any such stamp or mark upon any hide or (kin, or piece of any hide or (kin, thereby to defraud his present Majesty, 'his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties imposed by the said act of the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, or by the said act of the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, and also against any person or persons, who, after the passing of this act, shall utter, vend, or fell, any hide or {kin, or any piece of any hide or (kin, with such counterfeit mark or impression thereupon, knowing such mark or impression to be counterfeited, and that all and every person and persons whatsoever, who after the passing of this act, shall counterfeit or forge any stamp or mark to resemble any stamp or mark which hath already been or shall hereafter be provided, made, altered, or renewed in pursuance of the said acts of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of her said late majesty Queen Amiey and of the fifth year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the First, or of any or either of the said acts, or any other act or acts of parliament now in force, for the damping and marking any such hides and skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed, in Great Britain, or who, after the passing of this act, shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of any such stamp or mark upon any hide or (kin, or piece of any hide or (kin, thereby to defraud his present Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties imposed by the said act of the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, or by the said act of the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, or who, after the passing of this act, shall utter, vend, or fell, any hide or {kin, or piece of any hide or (kin, with such counterfeit mark or impression thereupon, knowing such mark or impression to be counterfeited, then every such person so offending, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged a felon,

718 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 54. [1797.

and shall suffer death, as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XI. And whereas, by an at1, passed in the lajlfeffjion of parliament,

iri^additional % tn^iu^ech An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on

duties on foreign wines, and British sweets, and on foreign wines sold by auc-

foreign wines, tion, it is, amongst other things, enabled, That, on the exportation of any

See, recited, foreign zuine, for or in respect whereof the duties by the said act im-

pofedshall have been duly paid, there JJ)all be alloived and paid, by the proper officer or officers of the customs to the exporter or exporters, a

and draw- drawback of the said duties: and whereas great inconvenience ivill

backs allowed arise by such mode of paying the drawbacks, where the officers of excise

by it, to be have received the duty; be it therefore enacted, That the draw-

paid by the back allowed by the said recited act on the exportation of wine,

omcers ot /*9

excise where Pa^ by the proper officer or officers of the excise, in all

they have cases where the duty to be drawn back has been, or may hereafter

be, received by the officers of that revenue; any thing in the said recited act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every such

received the duty.

Drawbacks

to be allowed, drawbacks of the said duties of excise shall be paid and allowed 26° Geo^to upon t^e ^ame terms and conditions, and under and subjeeft, c. 59!°* and accorc^ng to the rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, contained, provided, settled, or established, in and by an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing certain duties now payable on wines imported, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof to be collected under the management of the commissioners of excise \ and the said rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, (so far as the same can or may be so applied), shall be, and the same respectively are hereby directed to be used, applied, practised, and put in execution for the purpose of obtaining the said drawbacks of the duties of excise, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the said rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, had been expressly repeated and re-enacted in this act: provided always nevertheless. That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to entitle any person or persons whatever to any such drawback, unless it shall be proved, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of excise, that the duties of excise to be drawn back have been actually paid, the examination and proof thereof being left to the judgement of them the said of, or to the major part of them in England and Scotland respectively, for the time being,

XIII. And whereas, by an act, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the more effectual prevention of felling ale and other liquors, by persons not duly licensed; it ivas enacted, That no person foouldfell ale or beer, by retail, in his, her, or their house, in that part of Great Britain called England, without being duly licensed so to do, under a certain Penalty in penalty therein provided: and zuhereasit is expedient to exempt persons noMo*extend from fad penalty, for or in rej'pest of any such file of beer or ale, as

to beer or ale^herein after mentioned5 be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Drawback not to be allowed, un-leis proof be made of payment of duty.

3S Geo. 3. c. 113, recited.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo GEORGII III. c. 55* 7*9

aforesaid, That no person shall be liable to the said penalty for or fold in cafk3 by reason of his or their felling or disposing of beer or ale, in ft than casks, containing not less than five galions, or in bottles, not less five gauons> than two dozen reputed quart bottles, not to be drank in his, or in bottles her, or their house, outhouse, yard, garden, orchard, or other not left than place; any thing in the said recited act contained to the contrary qarts°z€n in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons taking That any person or persons who shall be convicted of wilfully false oaths to taking a false oath in any of the cases in which an oath is by this^penalties act ciredled or required to be taken, shall (unless where other- for perjury., wife expressly directed by this a<£l) be liable to the pains and

penalties to which persons are liable for wilful and corrupt perjury.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Penalty for

That if any person or persons whatsoever shall assault, refill, assaulting oppose, molest, obstruct, or hinder, any officer or officers of t e

excise, in the due execution of this act, or of any of the powers

or authorities hereby given or granted to any such officer or officers, or shall by force or violence, refeue, or cause to be refeued, any seizure made by such officer or officers under or by virtue of this act, or shall attempt or, endeavour so to do, or after such seizure, or whilst any such officer or officers is or are attempting to make any seizure under or by virtue of this act, all and every person or persons so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds,

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Recovery and That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this act, or application by the said act made in the twenty-fifth year of his present £nder thi^att Majesty's reign, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, or qco< £ by such ways, means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or for- 0*49* feiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any

law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that (except where otherwise expressly directed by this act) one moiety of every such fine, penalty or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue the same.

CAP. LV.

An act for augmenting the number of field officers and other officers of militia 5 and for making other provisions concerning the militia forces of this kingdom.

[June 21, 1798.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the militia forces of this kingdom having keen

considerably augmented during the present war, it is expedient that the number of field officers, and other officers for the command of the several regiments, battalions, and companies, of which such militia may confiffi should be increased as the exigency of the service may

720 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 55- Cx797-

require; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled. His Majesty and by the authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for his the^Tmmber by any order signified by his Majesty's secretary of state,

of field and at any time during the present war, to direct the number of other officers officers in any regiment or battalion in actual service, to be augmented by the appointment of such officers, and of such rank respectively as the exigency of the service may require, and also to direct proper officers to be appointed to any additional companies; and the lieutenants, and also the deputy lieutenants authorised to act in the stead of the lieutenants upon the vacancy of the office or absence of the lieutenant of the several counties, ridings, and places, in that part of Great Britain called England, shall proceed forthwith in pursuance of his Majesty's.orders, to do all such acts as shall be necessary for the purpose of making such augmentation of field officers and other officers as aforesaid; and the persons such pay, &c. who shall be so appointed field officers and other officers of any as those alrea- regiment or battalion of militia, in pursuance of this act, shall be yappoin e.entjt]ecj to such pay during service, and to all other emoluments and advantages, as the field officers and other officers of militia now appointed of the same rank respectively are by law entitled unto; any thing in any act contained to the contrary thereof

in any regiment, Scc. to be aug, me n ted.

who shall be entitled to

Any militia officer accepting a commission of the same rank in another regiment, to rank according to the date of his first commission.

When a reduction is to be made of the officers in any regiment, it shall t ike place from the youngest of each rank,

See.

Where a fee and adjutant is appointed to any regiment, a certain brevet rank also to be given him.

notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That any militia officer of any militia regiment, battalion, or independent company, who may have accepted, or shall, during the continuance of the present war, accept a commission or appointment of the same rank in any other militia regiment, battalion, or independent company, shall continue to rank in the general service according to the date of his first commission or appointment in the militia.

III. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall be judged expedient to reduce the number of field officers, or of other officers, in any regiment or battalion of militia, the reduction of officers shall take place from the youngest of each rank respectively: and that in case any officer, being duly qualified according to the act passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, shall be so reduced, such officer shall, notwithstanding such reduction, be competent to succeed to any vacancy which may occur in such regiment of battalion of militia, of an equal rank with that which such officer filled at the time such reduction took place.

IV. Be it also, and it is hereby enacted^That in all cases where it may be found necessary to appoint a second adjutant to any regiment of militia, it shall be lawful for the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, to grant to such second adjutant, unless his Majesty shall disapprove of the same, the rank of lieutenant by brevet; or if he shall have served in his Majesty's other forces,

any

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 56. 721

any rank which he may have held therein* not exceeding that of captain lieutenant by brevet also.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any person enrolled in County lieu-the supplementary militia for any county* riding, or place, intenant, °n pursuance of two acts passed in the thirty-seventh year of the reign tificate of the* of his present Majesty, or either of them, shall have enlisted in commanding any regiment of his Majesty's other forces, or shall have entered officer, of into any of his Majesty's {hips of war, previous to the fifteenth day o{May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and suppiemen. shall be actually serving in such regiment or ship of war, it shall tary militia be lawful for the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, having enlist-where such person was so enrolled, or in his absence for any ^rm^or^ three deputy lieutenants of such county, riding, or place, and he into the navy, and they is and are hereby required, on proof of such enlistment previous to and service, by the certificate of the colonel or commanding May 15, 1798, officer of the regiment into which such person shall have enlisted and shall be serving, or on proof of such entrance and service, fyom t^e by the certificate of the captain or commanding officer of the militia.

ship in which such person shall have entered, and shall be serving, to discharge such person from the said supplementary militia, and to cause the name of such person to be struck out of the roll or lift of the supplementary militia serving for such county, riding, or COunty place; but nevertheless, the county, riding, or place, for which &c not any person so discharged was enrolled, shall not be obliged to obliged to ballot for any other man in the room of the militia man so dif- ballot for charged, and every person so discharged shall be freed and exone- harmed rated from all pains and penalties incurred by reason of such enlistment or entering into his Majesty's navy; any statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CAP. LVI.

An act for repealing so much of an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on the several matters therein mentioned; and for better securing the duties on certificates to be taken out by solicitors, attornies, and others practising in certain courts of -justice in Great Britain; as imt>oses a duty on licences granted to stipendiary curates to perform the office of curate in any church or chapel — [June 21, 1798.]

WHEREAS by an at7, passed in the thirty-seventh year of Preamble, reign of his present Majesty, a sum of fifteen shillings was imposed upon any licence that should pass the seal of any archhijhap or bishopi chancellor or other ordinary, or any ecclesiastical court: and whereas the said duty has been found inconvenient and burthensome to stipendiary curates appointed by licence to perform the office of curate in any church or chapel; be enacted by the King's most excellent Licences majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual appointing and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, cJ^ates^iu and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing which the of this aevery such licence appointing any stipendiary curate, amount of

g B b 4 instipetid

t

72Z Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 57. [1797.

is inserted, to in which the annual amount of the stipend shall be inserted, that f^om^he1^ Pa^s t^ie"ea^ arT archbishop, bishop, chancellor, or other

stamp duty ordinary, or any ecclesiastical court, shall be and the same is hereof 15s. under by declared to be, Treed and exempted from the said before recited 37 Geo. 3. stamp duty, and all other stamp duties whatsoever; and such c. 9a* licences shall and may be available, and be given in evidence, in

Licences any court of law or equity, or any ecclesiastical court whatsoever 5

<adavlLbient' 2nd

every such licence already granted iince the passing of the although the ^ove recited act, shall be available in like manner, notwith-stamp duty standing that the stamp duty may not have been paid as imposed may not have by the said act. been paid.

CAP. LVII.

An act for the further encouraging the southern ivhale fisheries, — [June 21, 1798.]

[Preamble.]

35 Geo. 3. 0.92, recited;

and premiums granted to 36 ships.

Premiums and conditions lor lz ships.

WHEREAS it is proper to encourage the fishery carried on by his Majesty's European subjects in the Jeas to the southward of the Greenlandfeas and, Davis's Straights, for the purpose of taking whales, and other creatures being in those seas, by continuing certain premiums granted by an act passed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for further encouraging and regulating the southern whale fisheries, and b eft owing them in a different manner: be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the several premiums hereafter mentioned shall be paid and allowed to twenty-six ships or vessels employed in the said fishery, under the limitations, restrictions, and regulations, expressed in the said act, and in this act.

II. And be it further enacted, That for twelve of such ships or vessels which shall be so fitted and cleared out between the first day of January and the thirty-first day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and between the first day of January and the thirty-first day of December, in each of the two succeeding years, and shall fail to the southward of the equator and there carry on the fishery, and shall return before the first day of December in the year subsequent to that in which they cleared out, to some port in Great Britain, there shall be paid and allowed three hundred pounds to each of the four such ships which shall so fail and first arrive, within the times herein-before mentioned, with the greatest quantity of oil or head matter taken together, being not less in the whole than twenty tons in each of such ships or vessels, and being the produce of one or more whale or whales, or other creatures being in those seas, taken and killed by the crews of every such ship or vessel respectively; and there shall be paid and allowed two hundred pounds to each of the four such ships or vessels which shall, in like manner, fail and first arrive with the next greatest quantity of such oil or head matter taken together, being not less in the whole than twenty tons in every such ship or vessel, and being the produce of any whale or whales,

or

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 57. 723

or other creatures being in those Teas, so taken as aforesaid; and there shall be paid and allowed one hundred pounds to each of the four such ships or vessels, and which shall in like manner, fail and first arrive with the next greatest quantity of such oil or head matter taken together, being not less in the whole than twenty tons in every such ship or vessel, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures being in those leas, so taken as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That for four other of such ships Premiums or vessels which shall be so fitted or cleared out, and shall fail ^ions^or four within the times herein-before mentioned, and proceed to the other {hips, southward of the thirty-sixth degree of south lattitude, and shall

there bona fide carry on the said fiftierv, and shall not return till after the expiration of fourteen calendar months from the day on which they cleared out, but before the thirty-first day of December in the second year after their clearing out, to some port in Great Britain, there (shall be paid and allowed four hundred pounds to each of such ships or vessels which shall so fail and arrive within the times herein-before last mentioned with the greatest: quantity of oil and head matter taken together, being not less in the whole than twenty tons, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures being in those seas, and taken and killed by the crew of such ship or vessel.

IV. And be it further enacted, That for ten other of such ships Premiums or vessels which shall be so fitted and cleared out between the tionsT^ia first: day of January and the thirty-first: day of December one thou- other ships. sand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and between the first day of January and the thirty-first day of December in each of the fix succeeding years, and shall double Cape Horn, or pass through the {freights of Magellan into the South Seas, and carry on the said fishery

during the space of four months to the westward of Cape Horn in those seas, or shall double the Cape of Good Hope, and carry on the said fishery during the space of four months to the eastward of one hundred and five degrees of east longitude from London, and shall not return to some port of Great Britain till after the expiration of sixteen calendar months from the day on which they cleared out, but before the thirty-first: day of December in the second year after their clearing out, there shall be paid and allowed six hundred pounds-to any one of such ships or vessels which shall so fail and arrive within the times herein last mentioned, with the greatest: quantity of oil and head matter taken together, being not less in the whole than thirty tons, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures being in those seas, and taken and killed by the crew of such ship or vessel in the said voyage, either outward or homeward, and there shall be paid and allowed five hundred pounds to each of nine of such ships and vessels last before-mentioned, which shall so fail and arrive within the times herein last-before mentioned, with the next greatest quantity of oil and head matter taken together, being not less in the whole jhan thirty tons, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures being in those seas, and taken and killed by the

crew

and beyond 180 degrees of west longitude from London, under certain restrictions.

724 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 58. [1797.

crew of such ship or vessel in the said voyage, either outward or homeward.

V. And, for extending the limits prescribed in the said atl for the Ships licensed said southern whale fferies^ be it enacted, That any ship or vessel conformably fitting and clearing out, and licensed conformably to the said act, aft^ma^jffs anc^ to eastward of the Cnpe of Good Hope for the

beyomd^r S purpose aforesaid, may pass beyond fifty-one degrees of east: degrees of longitude from London, provided that such ship or vessel, after east longitude passing fifty-one degrees of east longitude from London, shall not from London; pajj or pars to the northward of fifteen degrees southern latitude, until (he shall have failed or passed to the eastward of one hundred and eighty degrees of east longitude; any thing in the said act, or any law, usage, orcustom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That any ship or vessel fitting or clearing out, and licensed comformably to the said act, and failing or pasting to the westward of Cape Horn, or through the {freights of Magellan, for the purpose aforesaid, may fail or pass beyond one hundred and eighty degrees of west longitude from London \ provided such ships and vessels, when they have passed beyond one hundred and eighty degrees of west longitude from London, do not pass to the northward of fifteen degrees south latitude, until they come within fifty-one degrees of east longitude from London; any thing in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That any person or persons, as described in the said act not exceeding forty families who shall, on or before the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and five, come to the port of Adilford in the county of Pembroke, with his or their family or families, and shall bring any ship or vesse), or any number of ships and vessels not exceeding twenty in the whole, to the said port of Milford, built before the

Dec 1 180 <January one seven hundred and ninety-eight,

and brmg6055 an^ manned as directed in the said act, shall, upon complying with

not more all the rules, regulations, and conditions contained in the said act

than 20 velTi'ls respecting such person or persons be entitled to all the benefits,

built before privileges, and advantages thereby granted to such person or to be1 entitled Persons> in as full and ample manner as if such person or persons

to the same had come to the said port on or before the thirty-first day of

privileges as December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in any

if they had fhjp or Vessel built before the first day of January one thousand

come by Dec. r r, ., .^c J J

31, 1798. seven hundred and ninety-nve.

CAP. LVIII.

An act to continue, until March 1, 1799, an a(ft> made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to continue and amend an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the more effectual encouragement of the British fisheries.

[June zi} 1798.]

Pc-rfons described in the recited act, not exceeding 40 families, who Hull come to the port of Milford, by

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 59. 725

CAP. LIX.

An act to revive and continue, until the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an act passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter forty-two, videlicet, the thirteenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, intituled An act to prohibit the importation of light silver coin, of this realm, from foreign countries, into Great Britain or Ireland; and to restrain the tender thereof beyond a certain jam; and to suspend the coining of silver ' — [June 2i, 1798.]

WHEREAS an all was passed in the fourteenth year of his Preamble, present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to prohibit the im- Geo. 3. portation of light silver coin, of this realm, from foreign countries, c* into Great Britain or Ireland; and to restrain the tender thereof beyond a certain sum; which all was to continue-in force for a limited time, and is now expired: and whereas it is proper, under the present circumstances, that the said act ftyould be revived and further continued; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing re^fd of this act, the said act, and all the provisions thereof, shall be, and continued to the same is hereby revived, and shall continue and be in force June x, 1-799. until the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

II. And whereas his Majesty has appointed a committee of his privy council to take into consideration the ft ate of the coins of this kingdom % and the present establishment and constitution of his Majesty's mint and inconvenience may arise from any coinage of silver until such regulations may be framed as shall appear necessary: and whereas ft from the present low price of silver builion, owing to temporary circumstances, a /mall quantity of silver bullion has been brought to the mint to be coined, and there is reason to suppose that aftill further quantity may be brought, and it is therefore necessary to suspend the coining of silver for the present-, be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the to be

passing of this act, no silver bullion shall be coined at the mint, coined, nor nor shall any silver coin that may have been coined there be de- any silver coin livered; any law to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding. delivered.

III. And be it further enacted, That all persons who delivered Persons who silver at the mint for the purpose of the same being coined, pre- ^eTfeo^be vious to the ninth day of May one thousand seven hundred and coin.ed pre-ninety-eight, shall be entitled to receive from the officers of his vious to Majesty's mint, such a sum for each pound weight thereof, as May 9, 1798* shall be equal to the full value of the coin into which the bullion ^lvalue act would have been converted, if the same had been coined accord- if coined, ing to the regulations of the mint.

IV. And be it further enaffect, That this act may be altered, alter^aJr e amended, or repealed, during the present session of parliament. repealed this

CAP. feffioru

[Preamble.]

Cap. 5.

Land tax, after March

shall be raised yearly for ever 5

fee fc-a. 2,

subject to redemption or purchase.

This a# shall not extend to personal estate, offices, pensions. See. the rates on which, after March zs>

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60, [1797. CAP. LX.

An act for making perpetual\ subject to redemption and purchase in the manner therein stated, the several films of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, — [June 21, 1798.]

WHEREAS it may materially conduce to strengthening andfup-porting the publick credit, and to augmenting the national resources at this important conjuncture.) that the duty now payable for one year on land should be made perpetual, but subject to redemption and purchase, on transf erring to the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt a certain proportion of capital stock, in thf manner herein after fated; be it therefore epadled by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the several and respective sums of money charged by virtue of an ait of the present session of parliament, intituled, 'An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, on the respective counties, ridings, stewartries, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places in Great Britain, in respect of the manors, tnefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments in the said act mentioned, lying within the same counties, ridings, stewartries, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places respectively, to be raised, levied, and paid unto his Majesty, within the space of one year from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall, from and after the expiration of the said term, (except as herein-afrer mentioned), continue, and be raised, levied, and paid yearly to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March in every year for ever; and that all the several powers, rules, directions, provisions, articles, clauses, matters, and things, contained in the said act of the present session of parliament, as far as the same are not varied or otherwise provided for or in and by this act, shall continue and be in full force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in execution as fully and effectually as if the same powers, rules, directions, provisions, articles, clauses, matters, and things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act, and expressly applied to the provisions thereof, subject nevertheless to the rules, regulations, restrictions, and conditions of redemption or purchase herein mentioned.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the provisions in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any sum or sums of money charged, by virtue of the said act of the present session of parliament, upon any estate in ready money, debts, goods, wares, merchandizes, or personal eslate, or upon any person or persons in respect of any publick

office

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60..727

office or employment of profit, or any salaries, gratuities, bounty 1799* shall be monies, rewards, fees, profits, perquisites, advantages, pensions, !^vie^ the'df" annuities, stipends, or yearly payments, payable out of the re- region of ceipt of his Majesty's exchequer in England\ or out of his future acts, Majesty's publick revenues in Great Britain, in' the said at mentioned, but that the several sums of money charged upon any estate in ready money, debts, goods, wares, merchandizes, or personal estate, by the said act, and also the several sums of money charged under and by virtue of the said act upon any offices or employments of profit, or any salaries, gratuities, bounty monies, rewards, fees, profits, perquisites, advantages, pensions, annuities, stipends, or yearly payments, shall, after the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, be ascertained, raised, levied, collected, and paid, according to the directions of any act or acts to be pasted for that purpose.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several and respect Rates on per-tive sums of money, charged or to be charged under and by virtue of the said at of the present session of parliament, for and in respet of any estate in ready money, debts, goods, wares, the year end-merchandizes, or personal estates, and for and in respet of any ing March 25, offices or employments of profit, salaries, gratuities, bounty he

monies, rewards, fees, profits, perquisites, advantages, pensions, from thoftfon annuities, stipends, or yearly payments aforesaid, by any afteft- iand in the ment made in the year ending on the twenty-fifth day of March assessments one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall, in every and dupli-parish or place where such sums are charged and assessed, be fe-parated and divided from the remainder of the monies charged in such parish or place, by virtue of the said at of the present session of parliament, and shall be so returned in the several duplicates thereof, to be transmitted according to the directions of the said at.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his The Kingmay Majesty, his heirs and successors, by warrant under his royal sign ^hhoners^for manual, to nominate and appoint, in every county, riding, felling the stewartry, city, borough, cinque port, town, and place, in land tax from Great Britain, such and so many of the persons who are or shall the land tax be named or appointed in or by any at or ats now in force, or ^ch^dif-erS hereafter to be passed, to carry into execution the at of the trit. present session of parliament before-mentioned or this at, as to

his said Majesty shall seem fit, to be of for the purpose of felling the land t2X arising in the several counties, ridings, stewartries, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places, wherein they are or shall be respectively specially nominated and appointed, and the said several persons so to be nominated or appointed by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall be of for the said purpose.

V. And be it further enacted, That every commissioner efpe- Commission-cially nominated and appointed for the purpose of this at, and eis oath* also every commissioner of appeals, before he shall enter upon the execution of the said office, shall take an oath to the effet following j that is to say,

\ A B*

728 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. [1797.

'TIB. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and JL honestly, according to the best of my skill and judgement, execute the several powers and trusts reposed in me by an act of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled An act for making perpetual, subject to re-demption and purchase in the manner therein stated, the several sums of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, according to the tenor and purport of the said act.

So help me GOD.

Commissioners may examine and receive information, on oath, from persons delirous of i*e-deeming or purchasing any land tax; and from other persons interested in the lands in remainder, & c.

with power to require inspection of any deed relating thereto; and to receive affidavits of the fad;

provided the affidavit be made in pursuance of the act.

Which oath shall and may be administered by any one of the persons appointed to be a commissioner to any other or others of them.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the of specially appointed for the purposes of this act, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, to examine upon oath or affirmation (which oath or affirmation they or any one or more of them are and is hereby authorised to administer) all persons who shall be desirous of redeeming or purchasing any land tax under this act, and all other persons who shall be willing to be examined touching any matters or things, relating to the title of any person or persons in remainder, reversion, or expectancy to any estate, or having any mortgage, lien, or incumbrance upon any estate, the land tax charged upon which is proposed to be redeemed or purchased under this act, or touching any matter or thing relating thereto, that such of may think necessary for their information, for the execution of the powers vested in them; and also to require, from any person or persons claiming any benefit of preference under this act, the production, upon oath or affirmation, of any deed, conveyance, or instrument relating to such estate; and to receive any affidavit or deposition in writing, upon oath or affirmation, which shall be made in any part of Great Britain above the distance ot ten miles from the place where the said respective of shall meet, before any mayor or magistrate of any city, town, or place, having authority to administer an oath in any matter civil or criminal in such city, town, or place, or before any justice of the peace of any county or district where the person making such affidavit, deposition, or affirmation shall happen to be; or to receive any affidavit or deposition in writing, upon oath, or affirmation, which shall be made in any parts beyond the seas, before any magistrate of the county, territory, or place, having competent power and authority to administer an oath, and reading near the place where the person making such oath or affirmation shall also reiide, and certified and transmitted to the said of under the hand and seal of such magistrate: provided. That in every such affidavit, deposition, or affirmation, there shall be expressed the addition of the party making the same, and the particular place of his or her abode, and the same

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 6o. 729

same shall be entitled an affidavit, deposition, or affirmation made in pursuance of this act.

VII. And be it farther enacted, That if any person, upon Persons mak-examination on oath or affirmation before the said of ing any respectively, or in any affidavit, deposition, or affirmation, be- davk° foall- fore any mayor, magistrate, or justice of the peace in Great Bri- incur the pe-tain, in any matter relating to the execution of this a c1, shall nalties of wilfully and corruptly giye false evidence, or shall in any such perjury, affidavit, deposition, or affirmation, wilfully and corruptly swear

or affirm any matter or thing which shall be false or untrue, every such person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to'such pains and penalties as, by any law now in being, any persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Two commit-the of specially to be appointed for the purpose of

this act, or so many of them as shall be present at any meeting persons ami or meetings to be holden in any county, riding, stewartry, city, corporations borough, cinque port, town, or place, or any two or more of hokiing lands, them, to contract and agree with all and every persons or person, bodies politick and corporate, guilds, mysteries, fraterni- tax ties, and brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corpoiate, thereon, by-having or holding any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or virtue of the hereditaments described in the said act of the present session of parliament, for the redemption of the land tax charged upon their respective manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments aforesaid, according to the assessment and rate made or to be made in pursuance of the said act, upon the terms and conditions, and in manner herein after described and mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every contract and Form of the

agreement made and entered into by virtue of this a cl, with the /g \

of specially to be appointed for the purpose aforesaid,

by any person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies before described, for the redemption of any land tax charged upon his, her, or their manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments aforesaid, shall be in the form mentioned and described in the schedule to this act annexed, marked (B.), and the consideration therein to be inserted, and contracted and redemption agreed to be given for such redemption as aforesaid, shall be so shall be so much capital stock of publick annuities transferable at the bank much stock in of England\ bearing an interest after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, commonly called The Three Pounds per Centum^per cJnt. Consolidated Annuities, and The Three Pounds per Centum. Reduced reduced, as Annuities, as will yield an annuity or dividend exceeding the produce amount of the land tax so to be redeemed as aforesaid by one ^ceedffi^the tenth part thereof, such capital stock to be transferred to the am0Unt of the of appointed by an act of the twenty-sixth year ofland tax re-the reign of his present Majesty for the reduction of the national deemed by debt, in trust for the purposes of this act. i-ioth.

X. And be it further enacted, That the transfer of the whole b^t^anf

amount fcrrea to the

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. [1797.

of amount of the capital flocks in the three pounds centum an-

for reducing the national debt, within four years, from March 25, 1799?by four inltal-

nuities, or either of them, to be transferred as before-mentioned, shall be made to the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt, within the period of four years from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, by four instalments in every year; videlicet, On or before the first ments in each ^ay of May, the first day of August\ the first day of November, year; or the and the first day of February in each year, the first instalment to whole may be be made on such of the said days as shall next ensue the entering transferred at jnt0 such contrail: provided always, That it shall be lawful for any person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies before described to stipulate with the said commissioness for the transfer

once, when no interest shall be payable (fee fedt. 91.), or by fhoitcr inlial-ments, if io stipulated.

of the whole of the said capital stock at one time, or that the same shall be transferred by instalments within a less period than four years, so that the same be made by even instalments at equal intervals within the period agreed upon, and on the respective days before-mentioned in each such year, or on such of the said days as shall fall within the period agreed upon for such transfer: provided also, That any person so contradiing as aforesaid, may transfer the whole flock so agreed to be transferred as the confi-f deration for such contract, or any part thereof, in advance to the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt; and that, from and after the transfer of any flock in advance, no interest on account of such (lock so transferred in advance shall be paid, as herein after is directed: provided always, That if the whole of the flock so agreed to be transferred shall not be transferred at one time, but by infialments, and if a division of the entire quantity of stock into equal sums, to be paid by such infialments, Fractions less would occasion a fiaction, less than the fradlion of one penny, than id. to be the fractional part or parts less than one penny, necessary to such a\umed. equal division, shall be taken from the prior instalment and added to the last instalment, so as to avoid any fraction less than

Corporations, trustees for charitee?, See. committees of lunatic!-: s, guardians and private trustees for incapacitated persons, enabled to contract for redemption of the land tax, on their respective trufl ell ate s.

a penny.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie, and all guilds, mysteries, fraternities, or brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, and all trustees for charities or other publick purposes, who are or shall be seised or possessed of any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments whereon any land tax hereby made saleable shall be charged, to contract and agree for the redemption of such land tax, or any part thereof, notwithstanding any statutes of mortmain, or other statutes or acts of parliament to the contrary; and it shall be also lawful for all committees and curators of lunaticks or of idiots, and for all tutors and guardians of infants, and for all persons having authority to act for infants, married women, and other peifor.s incapable of adding for themselves, to contract and agree on behalf of such lunaticks, idiots, infants, married women, and other persons incapable of adding for themselves, for the redemption of the land tax charged on any manors, messuages,

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. 731

fuages, lands, tenements, ( or hereditaments, wherein such lunaticks, idiots, infants, married women, or other persons incapable of adding for themselves* shall be intereffect, or any part thereof, in the same manner as such persons might have done if not under any incapacity; and it shall also be lawful for all trustees to contract and agree in like manner, on behalf of the persons for whom they shall be trustees, for the purchase of any land tax charged on any manors* messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of which they shall be trustees.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Such cdrpo-all such bodies politick and corporate, and companies, and persons before described, and all other persons having any estate or personC? ]n

interest in, or being substitute heirs of entail entitled in their possession or

order to succeed to any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, reversion, or

or hereditaments, whereon any land tax hereby made faieable

shall be charged (except tenants at rack rent for any term of jane^ (except

years, or from year to year, or at will, and except tenants bold- tenants cat

ing, under the crown any lands or tenements within the furyey rack rent or

and receipt of the exchequer or the duchy of Lancaster, or underyenar)ts of, 1 1 r^7; 1 1 1 J 1 iy \ crown Janas,

the duke or Cornwall any lands or tenements belonging to and &c^enablerl

parcel of the duchy of Cornwall, for years, or from year to year, to contract, in or at will) to contract and agree with the salt! of preference to specially to be appointed for the purposes of this a<£l, in the county, riding, stewartry, city, borough, cinque port, town, or I7^C/25> place, where such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or here- g ditaments, are situate, for the redemption of the said land tax charged thereon, or any part thereof, upon the terms and conditions, and subject to the regulations herein after mentioned, and that such bodies politick and corporate, companies, and persons having such estate or interest as aforesaid, shall be entitled so to contracts, in preference to all other bodies politick and corporate, and persons whatsoever, provided they shall contract on or before the twenty-fifth day of March, which will be in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Corporations, such bodies politick and" corporate, and companies, and all per- possession^ m fons who shall be in the actual possession of or immediately en- shall be pre-titled to the rents and profits of any such manors, messuages, ferred to tnofe lands, tenements, or hereditaments as aforesaid, whereon any in^reversion, land tax hereby made faieable shall be charged, (other than and x* g except tenants at rack rent for any terms of years, or from year thofVin re-to year, or at will, and except tenants holding, under the crown version shall any lands or tenements within the survey and receipt of the ex-

chequer or the duchy of Lancaster, or under the duke of Corn- n° interdHn»wall any lands or tenements belonging to and parcel of the duchy the lmd, till of Cornwall\ for any term of years, or from year to year, or at March 25, will), and such committees, curators, tutors, guardians, or truf- x799-tees as aforesaid, on the behalf of the persons to whom they are fuclvcommittees, curators, tutors, guardians, or trustees, shall be preferred in the purchase of such land tax, or any part thereof, to any bodies, corporations, or companies, or persons having; Vol, XU. C c c'any

Persons beneficially entitled to rents of lands, &c. let at rack rents, shall be con tide red as actual pof-iefiors, and preferred accordingly.

Where land tax is payable by tenant and redeemed by landlord, it shall be added to the rent, and recoverable at i'uch.

any estate or interest in remainder, reversion, or expectancy, or being substitute heirs of entail, in the same manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments: provided such bodies corporate, or companies, and persons so to be preferred, shall offer to contract for the redemption of such land tax on or before the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and in case no contract shall be entered into, by or in the behalf of the bodies, corporations, or companies, or persons so in possession, or immediately entitled as aforesaid, for the redemption of the said land tax, on or before the said twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, then the bodies, corporations, or companies, or the per* foil or persons having such estates and interests in remainder, reversion, or expectancy, or the substitute heirs of entail called to succeed in the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or their respective committees, curators, tutors, guardians, or trustees, on their behalf, shall be entitled to redeem such land tax, or any part thereof, in preference to any other person or persons having no estate or interest therein, and not being called to succeed therein as substitute heirs of entail, according to the priority of such respective estates or interests, such priority to be settled by the said commissiotiers, in case the parties shall differ about the same: provided always, That no such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or persons in remainder, reversion or expectancy, or substitute heirs of entail as aforesaid, shall be entitled to such benefit of preference as last mentioned, unless a contract for the redemption of such land tax shall be entered into by or on the behalf of him, her, or them, on or before the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where any such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments as aforesaid, shall be leased or demised at a rack rent for any term or number of years, or at will, the person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies beneficially entitled to the rent reserved or made payable on any such lease or demise, shall (notwithstanding any covenant or agreement for the payment of the land'tax charged on such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, by the tenant or leftee thereof) be.considered as being in the actual possession of such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the purpose of claiming and being entitled to such benefit of preference as aforesaid; and where any such tenant or leftee shall be bound by agreement to pay such land tax during the continuance of any such demise, and the contract for such land tax shall be entered into by or on the behalf of the person or persons, bodies, corporations, pr companies, so beneficially entitled, the amount of the land tax so purchased shall, during the continuance of such lease or demise, be considered as rent reserved or made payable on such lease or demise, and the same powers shall be had, used, or enjoyed, for the recovery thereof, as for the recovery of such rent when in arrear.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. 733

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Where lands

and every persons and person, bodies, corporations, or com- farm

panies, who shall, under and by virtue of this act, redeem any rents> &c. land tax charged upon any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, out of which a or hereditaments, that shall, at the time of such redemption, be proportion of charged with or subject to the payment of any fee farm, feu duty, ^olv^be or other annual rent, for which he, she, or they would* upon ^judted by payment of the land tax, be entitled to abate and deduct a just the owner of proportion of rate under the act of this present section of parlia- the land, such ment, to continue to abate and dedudf a just proportion, from deduction time to time, upon every payment or such fee farm, feu duty, to be made by or other annual rent, as if such land tax had not been redeemed, him after his

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in redemption case any difficulty shall arise in the sale of the land tax which of his land tax. ought to be charged on any tythes, or any fee farm rent, feu duty, Where tythes, or other rent, or any lands, tenements, or hereditaments., be- ^cthl^ernotS> cause such tythes, or such rents, feu duty, lands, tenements, or been distinctly hereditaments, have not been assessect, or not distinctly assessed afltffed to the to the land tax, or because the land tax has been by the several laiKi

acts imposing the same directed to be deduced out of such rents, of Knd^tax^3 by the owners or occupiers of the lands charged with such rents, mayadjuftthe it shall be lawful for the persons, bodies politick or corporate, proportionsto entitled to such tythes, rents, lands, tenements, and heredita- be paid by the merits, to apply to the of cf land tax or supply, to ^J^nhes settle and adjust the proportion of land tax which ought to be &c. and which borne and paid by such persons, bodies politick or corporate they shall be respectively, on account of such tythes, rents, lands, tenements, preferably en-or hereditaments which have not been affected, or not distinctly ^£em to re- affected as aforesaid, and thereupon it shall be lawful for such persons, bodies politick and corporate respectively, to claim the like benefit of preference for redemption of such land tax, and to contradi for the purchase thereof, and to do all acts necessary for the purpose of carrying such contract into execution, in the same manner as if such tythes, rents, lands, tenements, or hereditaments had been distinctly assessed to the land tax.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every persons Persons claim-and person, bodies, corporations, or companies, claiming on m?^benefit of their own behalf, or on the behalf of others, the benefit of pre- nia]j produce ference herein mentioned, shall produce to any two commission- a description ers of land tax adfing in and for the hundred, ward, lathe, wa- of their lands pentake, rape, or other division of the county, riding, city, borough, cinque port, town, or place in England, or if in Scot- particulars land to any two of of supply of the county or stewar- thereof to the try, or chief magistrate of the city or borough, within which any land tax^ manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments charged with land tax proposed to be redeemed are situate, a schedule or settle and cer-description in writing of all and every the manors, messuages, tify the lands, tenements, or hereditaments charged with such land tax, amount of the which schedule shall contain the respectve natures and quanti- /See

ties, or reputed quantities, of the premises, and the name or schedule^ names of the occupier or occupiers thereof, and the said com- (A.) on the

C C c 2 missioners production of

734 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. [1797.

which certifi- rnissioners of land tax or supply, or chief magistrate respectively, ovnmhhoners ascertain, settle, and adjust the amount of the land tax

under this act, charged upon the respective manors, messuages* lands, tene-they may examine, and amend the same if requi site, and make and certify a contract for the redemption of such land tax, ^See

on the production of this, contract and certificate at

ments, or hereditaments contained in such schedule, distinguishing, according to the form and method in the schedule to this acte annexed, marked (A.), the parish or place, parishes or places* within which, and the manors, messuages, lands, tenements* or hereditaments, upon which each separate assessment of land tax shall be charged, and the distri# or division within which such land tax shall be charged, and shall grant a certificate thereof to the person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies Schedule (3.) aPPty'ng for the same; and on the production of the said certificate to the of specially appointed for the purposes of this act, for the county, riding, stewartry, city, borough, cinque port, town, or place, within which such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments are respectively situate, the said last mentioned of are hereby authorised and required to examine such certificate, and amend the same, if necessary, according to the assessment of land tax, and thereupon to contrail and agree with the person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, applying for the redemption of such land tax, according to the directions of this act, and in the form set forth in the schedule to this act annexed, marked (B.); and' upon the production, at the bank of England, of such contract and certificate, and upon the transfer to the commissioners for the bank, and the reduction of the national debt, of To much flock in the three transferring pounds per centum bank annuities before-mentioned, or either of ft'fck^agreed* as w'^ yield an annuity or dividend exceeding the amount

lor^ J/the of the land tax so to be redeemed or purchased by one tenth part firiVinftalment thereof, or of such proportion of such flock as shall have been thereof, to contracted and agreed to be transferred as the first instalment fio^ers^orre thereof, (being not less than one sixteenth of the whole amount during the of the capital stock to be transferred on account of the redemp-nationri debt, tion or purchase of such land tax), every such person, body, the cashiers of CO|q)oration, or company, shall be entitled to have a certificate the bank dull or receipt frorn the cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, acknowledging such transfer, which certificate or receipt the said cashier or cashiers is or are hereby required to give, and the same may either be indorsed on such contract, in the form prescribed in the schedule to this act annexed, marked (C), or be distin# therefrom, as the governor and company of the bank of England shall judge expedient, or in such other form as the said governor and company shall devise, which certificate or receipt shall be an acquittance and discharge on the regis-^per('on or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies receipt aforesaid, transferring such flock as aforesaid; and upon the with the corn- registry or entry of such certificates, contrails, and receipts, missioners for with his Majesty's of for the affairs of taxes, the said i k manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, corn-

exonerated C Prized in such contract, shall thenceforth be wholly freed and from the land exonerated from the land tax charged thereon, and from all further

t 1 give a receipt,

(Schedule (CO

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60, 73

ther assessments thereof, unless the person or persons, bodies, tax; unless corporations, or companies, contracting for such land tax, shall, t^ie pe^?ri at the time of entering into the contract for the same, declare to has declared the of, with whom such contract shall be entered his option to into, his, her, or their option to be considered on the same foot- be considered ing as a person not interested in the said manors, messuages, °j?^hird0^ lands, tenements, or hereditaments, purchasing the land tax son^purchasing charged thereon, is by this act considered; in which case, and the land tax, upon such option and declaration so made being inserted in the in which case contract, the person or persons, bodies, corporations, or com- ^i* panies, so contracting, his, her, or their executors, administra- pame benefits, tors, or assigns, shall be entitled and subject to such and the like and subject to benefits, advantages, conditions, and restrictions, as persons not the same re-snterested as aforesaid would be entitled and subject to on their j^h^rd*3 becoming the purchasers of such land tax under this act, after person> the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred (See fed. 37. and ninety-nine. 7^. 77> &c.)

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That when any land tax Island tax is shall have been contracted for, under any such benefit of pre- contracted for ference as aforesaid, by or on the behalf of any person or persons, pj^ferenc* by bodies, corporations, or companies, aforesaid, not having the persons rot absolute estate or interest; in fee simple therein, then and in every having the fee such case the person or persons, bodies, corporations, or com- simple of the panies, having or being beneficially entitled to any estate or r^4rfioner interest in succession, remainder, reversion, or expectancy, or on his being substitute heirs of entail, entitled to succeed in their order, estate vesting in the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, jP possession, the land tax whereof shall have been so contracted for, shall, atto^de^1" any time or times after such estate or interest shall vest in pof- mand from session, by reason of the determination of the preceding estate or the original interest, or by the estate devolving upon the substitute heir of contractors, entail, be entitled, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby au- tors* thorised and empowered to demand from the original contractors alignment of for such land tax, their executors, administrators, or assigns, an their interest: assignment of his, her, or their interest in such contract, or suchhch con-part thereof as shall then be in force, to them, their executors, administrators, or assigns, upon transferring to such original to them the contractors, their executors, administrators, or assigns, the like lame quantity amount of three pounds per centum bank annuities in the same of 3 percents, stocks respectively as was transferred by such original contractors tra<stors°xbd as the consideration for the redemption of such land tax, or such for the repart thereof as shall then be remaining in the names of the com- demption of missioners for the reduction of the national debt in pursuance of the tax; and this act, which assignment such original contractors, their exe- [he* rever&^cutors, administrators, or assigns, are hereby required to execute fioner, See. accordingly, and so from time to time every other person, body, coming into corporation, or company, beneficially entitled in remainder, possession may reversion, or expectancy, and every substitute heir of entail called to succeed to the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, from the pr0_ or hereditaments, shall at any time or times after their respective prietor, who estates and interests shall vest in possession by reason of the de- may be com-

c c c 3 termination ^lledtomake

736 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. [1797.

the same by termination of the preceding estate, or of the estate devolving chancer &c upon t^ie Pubstitute heir of entail, in like manner be entitled, and though an in- anc^ t^iey IS an(^ are hereby authorised and empowered to

fant, or under demand an alignment from the person or persons, bodies, cor-any other legal porations, or companies, who shall then be the proprietor or fu^h aflf n °n ProPrietors of land tax? of his, her, or their interest therein, ment the land upon transferring to him, her, or them, the like amount of to be exone- three pounds per centum bank annuities as aforesaid, which assign-rated, unkfs ment such proprietor or proprietors is or are hereby required to deck resell ke ma^e an<^ execute accordingly; and in case any proprietor or option as the proprietors hereby required to make any such alignment as original con- aforesaid (being of full age, and competent to make the same) tra&or shall refuse so to do, then and in every such case the proprietor

(See feet, j 7.) or proprietors so refuTing shall and may be compelied, by an order of the high court of chancery in England, or court of session in Scotland, or the court of exchequer in England or Scotland respectively, (to be made upon hearing all parties concerned, on the petition of the party hereby authorised to demand the same), to make such alignment as aforesaid, and such court shall have power to award costs to either party, if upon the circumstances - it shall think fit so to do; and it shall be lawful for any such proprietor or proprietors hereby required to make any such alignment as aforesaid, who at the time the same shall be demanded shall be under the age of twenty-one years, or be under any other legal disability or incapacity, by the direction of the said court of chancery, session, or exchequer, respedh'vely, signified by an order to be obtained as aforesaid, to make such afljgnment, which shall be as good and effectual in law, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if he, she, or they were of the full age of twenty-one years, and free from any legal disability or incapacity; any law7, custom, or usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: provided always, That upon every such alignment, the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, whereon the land tax so assigned shall have been charged, shall from thenceforth be freed and exonerated from such land tax, unless the assignee or assignees thereof shall cause the like option to be inserted in the alignment, which is herein-before directed to be inserted in the original contract, in cases where such option shall have been declared by the original contractor.

For the pur-

XIX. And be it further enacted, That for the purpose of re-

<kem?n^the ^eeming ^anc^ tax charged on any manors, messuages, lands,

lnnd tax, cor- tenements, or hereditaments, it shall be lawful for all bodies

porations and politick or corporate, and companies aforesaid, and all trustees

trustees for for charitable and other publick purposes, being in the adfual

ounlick pur- poffofifon Cr entitled beneficially to the rents and profits of such poles enabled r rr, ... Y,

to fell part of meduages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, under

tie lands the restrictions and regulations herein after mentioned, to fell

charged, and such part or parts of such manors, messuages, lands, tenements,

same toTn^6 or herec^taments> shall be eligible and necessary, for the pur-

peTfons, freed P°^e of redeeming or purchasing such land tax, and, by indenture

ireun land tax, or

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 6o. 737

or indentures duly sealed and delivered, and enrolled for estates by indentures in England within six calendar months after the execution thereof in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster> or in the the case # courts of the counties palatine of Che/ler, Lancaster, or Durham, may require); or in the courts of great session in Wales, as the case shall require, or to morU or registered in the counties of Middlesex and York in the manner f^ee^e^required by law for conveyances of real estates situated in those whc]e from counties respectively, and by proper deeds or other conveyances, land tax; or to be executed and registered in the manner required by the law to grant any of Scotland for estates in Scotland, absolutely to convey the same, Seamount of freed and discharged from land tax, unto any person or persons land tax. whomsoever; or to charge a sufficient part of the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, with such sum or sums of money as shall be sufficient to redeem or purchase the land tax charged on the whole of the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and for securing the repayment of such sum or sums of money, with interest, by like indenture or indentures enrolled or registered as aforesaid, to convey, surrender, or demise, by way of mortgage or other real security, such part of the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, freed and discharged from land tax, as shall be a sufficient security for that purpose, to any person or persons who shall advance or lend such sum or sums of money upon the security thereof, his, her, or their heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, either in fee simple, or for any term or number of years; or, by like indenture or indentures enrolled or registered as aforesaid, to grant, limit, or appoint any yearly sum or sums of money by way of a perpetual rent charge not exceeding the amount of the land tax charged upon the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be issuing out of, and charged and chargeable upon such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments: provided always, That Ecclesiastical

nothing herein-before contained shall be construed to extend to j^forts, fcl-authorise any sale, conveyance, or mortgage or grant of any rent J^ges°&c°to charge by any archbishop or bishop, without the confirmation of be subject to the dean and chapter, or by any parson, vicar, or other person the same rehaving any spiritual or ecclesiastical living or benefice, without if rain ts as at the consent of the ordinary, and also of the patron, if adult, and Pie 0, 1'.within the realm; or by any curate of any perpetual curacy, without the consent of the person having the power of appointment to such curacy; or by any master or fellows of any college, or by any chapter of any cathedral or collegiate church, master or guardian of anyhospital, or any spiritual or ecclesiastical person or persons whatever, without such consent as by law was required for that purpose before the making of any statute or statutes for restraining the sales, conveyances, mortgages, or grants of such persons, bodies politick or corporate, or any of them, or for disabling such persons, bodies politick or corporate, from making any such sales, conveyances, mortgages, or grants, or any of them.

XX. And be it further enacted, That for the purpose of re- Persons in ac-deeming or purchasing the land tax charged on any manors, tl*aj P^ °tn

ecc4 meffuaSes' not having the

73$ Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60.

[1797. ^solute in- messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, it shall be lawful tenants at* ^or an<^ every persons and person being in the actual possession, rack rents, or or entitled beneficially to the rents and profits thereof, but not tenants of having the absolute interest therein (other than and except

crown lands, tenants at rack rent for any terms of years, or from year to year,

at will, and tenants_ holding under the crown any lands or committees ot9r, 7 ,

hinaticks, tenements within the survey and receipt of the exchequer, or the

guardians, duchy of Lancaster, or under the duke of Cornwall any lands or executors, tenements belonging to and parcel of the duchy of Cornwall), and trustees7^ a^'° ^or a^ cornmhtees and curators of lunaticks or of idiots, and what foe ver, tutors cr guardians of infants, seized or possessed of any such

enabledinlike manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and for manner to all executors and administrators, curators or trustees whatsoever, or ^rant^rent ^c'zec^ or possessed of any such manors, messuages, lands, tene-charge for ments, or hereditaments, who have authority to act for infants, redeeming the minors, issue unborn, femes covert, or other incapacitated per-land tax. fons, or persons incapacitated by law or deed to act for themselves, under the restrictions and regulations herein after mentioned, to fell such part or parts of such manors, messuages, lands,

tenements, or hereditaments, as shall be eligible and necessary, ' for the purpose of redeeming or purchasing such land tax, and, by indenture or indentures duly sealed and delivered, and executed and enrolled, or registered as herein-before mentioned, absolutely to convey the same, freed and discharged from land tax, unto any person or persons whomsoever; or to charge a sufficient part of the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, with such sum or sums of money as shall be sufficient to redeem or purchase the land tax charged on the whole of the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments; and for securing the re-payment of such sum or sums of money, with interest, by like indenture or indentures, enrolled or registered as aforesaid, to convey, surrender, or demise, by v/ay of mortgage or other real security, such part of the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, freed and discharged from the land tax to be purchased as aforesaid, as shall be a sufficient security for that purpose, to any person or persons who shall advance or lend such sum or sums of money upon the security thereof, his, her, or their heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, either in fee simple or for any term or number of years; or, by like indenture or indentures enrolled or registered as aforesaid, to grant, limit, or appoint, any yearly sum or sums of money by way of a perpetual rent charge, not exceeding the amount of the land tax charged upon the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be Sluing out of, and charged and chargeable upon such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments: provided always, That no fa!e, conveyance, mortgage, or grant, which shall be made by virtue and in pursuance or this ail, shall be valid and effectual, unless two at ieaft of the commissioners, to be specially appointed for the purposes of this act, in the county, riding, stewartry, city, borough, cinque port, town, or place, where the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements,

Two of un kith is a it to be parties to all conveyances for the purposes thereof, (but fee sect. 21.)

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. 739

merits, or hereditaments, to be sold, mortgaged, or charged by virtue of this act, shall be situate, shall certify their consent thereto and approbation thereof by signing and sealing the same as parties thereto: provided also, That nothing in this act con- Heir of entail tained shall be construed to extend to the empowering any heir of entail in possession of any entailed estate in Scotland, to fell or ad only under dispose of any part of the said estate without application to the the authority-court of session by petition, and obtaining the authority of that °fthe court court to such sale, and to the due application of the money 0 e ion* thence arifins;, as herein after directed. See fed. 26.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all

When the authority of a

mpr may convey for the purpose of such

cases in which the authority of any court is required by this act collrt jg re_ for any sale, disposition, or purchase, warranted by this act, it quired, com* shall not be necessary also to require the consent of the comm if- missioners sioners appointed for the purposes of this act, to authorise such nee'i not sale, disposition, or purchase. ^ar ies*

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Tenants in tail any person who shall be seised in fee tail of any manors, fuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in England, to convey such part or parts thereof as shall be deemed eligible and redemption, necessary to be sold for the purpose of redeeming or purchasing by deed the land tax charged on such manors, messuages, lands, tene-

ments, or hereditaments, by deed duly sealed and delivered, and without Vne acknowledged and enrolled in any of his Majesty's courts of or recovery, record at W'eftmtnfter, or in the courts of the counties palatine of Chester, Lancaster, or Durham, or in the courts of great section in Wales, or registered in the counties of Middlesex or York, as the case shall require; and such deed being duly executed and enrolled, or registered as aforesaid, shall as effectually and absolutely bar all estates tail, and other estates in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, in the hereditaments so-conveyed, as if such tenant in tail had levied a fine, or suffered a common recovery thereof in due form of law.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every sale, mortgage, After enrol, or grant of any rent charge, which shall be made by virtue ofnc^re" this act, shall, after the same shall be enrolled or registered as veyance, and aforesaid, and after the payment of the purchase or mortgage piyment of money into the bank of England, in the manner herein after money into directed, be good, valid, and effectual in the law, to all intents ^c^to^be and purposes whatsoever; and the respective persons to whom any valicUo all rent charges shall be granted, by virtue of this act, shall have and intents.

be entitled to use and take the same powers, remedies, benefits, Grantees of and advantages, for the recovery thereof, as landlords by law rent charges have or are entitled to use and take for the recovery of rents re- entitled to all Served on common leases or demises, of^indlords

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every.n r, c,

>, c It, ', J All such files

sale or any manors, messuages, Jands, tenements, or neredita- to

ments, to be made for the purpose of purchasing land tax under lick auction this act, shall be by publick auction before two or more of the before two of spectally to be appointed for the purposes thereof, or some person or persons appointed by them for that purpose, IO day3

and notice thereof.

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. [1797.

and such of shall cause notice to be published in Tome r.ewfpaper usually circulated in the county, riding, stewartry, or place, where such property intended to be sold shall be situate, of such sale, at lead ten days before the same shall take place.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to enable any tenant for lives, or for years determinable on lives, or for

to fell without years absolute, though not at rack rent, to fell any part of the reversionertlie tenement demised in any case of a demise for which any fine or premium was paid, without the consent of the person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, entitled to the immediate estate in reversion upon such demise.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any heir of entail in possession of an entailed estate in Scotland, or his or her tutor or tutors, or where he or file is an idiot or lunatick, his or

74a

Tenants for lives or years, where a fine was paid, not

Heirs of entail in possession in Scotland, their tutors,

hv petition to the court of session, in all cases of intended lales, for the purpose of redeeming the land tax; the

proceed sum marily to authorise such file, and the extract of their decree shall authorise the of to fell.

&c. shall apply her curator or curators, mean to fell part of the said estate to purchase the land tax of the estate, in terms of this act, it shall be competent and requisite for him, her, or them, to apply by petition to the court of session, stating the amount of the land tax payable out of the said estate, what part of the estate it is proposed to fell, and the rent or annual value of that part of the estate, and praying the court, upon the allegations on these points being proved to the satisfaction of the court, and it being shewn said court fir all that the sale of the part of the estate proposed to be sold will not materially injure the residue of the estate remaining unfold, and that the part so proposed to be sold is proper (considering all circumstances) to be sold for the purpose aforesaid, to authorise such sale to proceed in manner herein after enacted; and the judges of the said court are hereby authorised and required to order such petitions to be intimated upon the walls of the outer and inner house of the said court in common form, for ten sederunt days, which intimation shall be a valid and effectual intimation and service, to all intents and purposes, as much as if the said petitions had been personally intimated to or served upon all persons having or pretending to have any interest with regard to the said estate, as substitute heirs of entail, creditors on the said estate, or in any other way or character whatever, and such intimation being duly made, the court shall proceed summarily in the matter, and shall authorise the sale of that part of the estate which the petitioner or petitioners are willing to fell, which the court thinks ought to be sold for the purpose above mentioned, and against: the sale of which no sufficient reason is stated by any person having interest; and the extract of the decree of the court authorising the sale, shall be sufficient authority to the of appointed by this act to carry on the sale in the manner herein after elireded.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any heir of entail in possession of an entailed estate in Scotland\ or his or her tutor or tutors, or where he or she is an idiot or lunatick, his or

In cases of borrowing money by such heir, See. in Scotland, and her curator or curators, mean to burthen the said estate with a granting hm- pum of money to be borrowed, to enable him. her, or them, to table iecunty purchasq.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. 741

purchase the land tax of the said estate, it shall be competent and for the same, necessary for him, her, or them, to apply by petition to the court to^be^ of session, stating the amount of the land rax payable out of the mac|e to, and estate, the sum- proposed to be borrowed, and whether it is pro- proceedings posed to grant the heritable-security over the whole or part of the had by, the estate, and if over part of the estate what part, and praying the court to authorise him, her, or them, to borrow such sum as the court shall think proper for the purposes of this act, and to grant heritable security in common form for that sum over the whole estate, or part thereof, as the case may be, and the judges of the said court are hereby authorised and required to order such petitions to be intimated in the same manner as petitions praying for authority under this act to fell part of entailed estates are by this, act ordered to be intimated, and the effect of such intimation shall be the same in both cases; and such intimation being duly made, the court shall proceed summarily in the matter, and shall authorise the petitioner or petitioners to grant heritable security over the whole of the entailed estate, or part thereof, provided no sufficient reason is stated to the contrary by any person having interest.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any part of Such Tales m an entailed estate in Scotland is fold for the purposes of this act

in the manner herein-before directed, and where any heritable cities"shall be" security is granted upon any entailed estate also in the manner'valid to all herein-before directed, such sale and heritable security shall be as intents; but valid and effectual, to all intents and purposes, as if the estate, part of which is so fold, or upon which the' heritable security is neve- be granted, had been held by the feller and grantor of the heritable judged for fectirity in fee simple unfettered by any entail, and the person to money lent on whom such heritable security is granted, his heirs, executors, and intereih assignees, shall have and be entitled to use all the powers, remedies, and means known in law, to recover either the interest due upon the money lent or the principal sum: provided always,

That it shall not be competent to adjudge all or any part of the entailed estate, either for the interest: or principal sum of the money so lent.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Previous to

before any sale, mortgage, or grant as aforesaid shall be made by aiTa*e>

/^o o*o r J mort (rci, Tf? or

virtue of this act, the person or persons desirous of making the grailt- under

same shall produce to the of specially to be appointed this a ft, a for the purposes of this act, in the county, riding, stewartry, or schedule shall place, where the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and here-^theco^ ditaments intended to be sold, mortgaged, or charged, are situate, mi^oner^by a schedule, in writing, declaring the quantity or duration of the the feller, &c. estate or estates which he, she, or they shall have in the manors, stating the messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, whereon the land tax proposed to be redeemed shall be charged; and if the same anV that of all shall not be an estate of inheritance, then the name or naines of reversioners the person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies next and mort-entitled to any beneficial interest in such manors, messuages, §a8ecs* lands, tenements, or hereditaments, expectant on the determination

Go< [e

74a

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60.

I'

97*

Money shall be paid by purchasers,

tion of the immediate ertate or interest therein, and if such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments shall be subject to any mortgage, charge, lien, or incumbrance, then the name or names of the person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, having such mortgage, charge, lien, or incumbrance, and the amount thereof, and (if more than onej the priorities of the respective incumbrances.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every sum and films of money to arise by virtue of any sale, mortgage, or grant.

under this to be made in pursuance of this act, shall be paid by the respective purchasers, mortgagee's, or grantees, into the bank of England^ to be there placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt, under the title " An Account of the Sale of the Land Tax, " who shall keep distinct accounts thereof, and invert the same in the purchase of three pounds per centum bank annuities, according to the directions of this act; and the receipt of the cashiers of the bank, or any one of them, shall be a full and sufficient discharge to the several purchasers, mortgagees, or grantees, paying in such monies as aforesaid; and the person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, whose land tax shall have been redeemed therewith, shall be entitled to have and receive the same certificates and discharges, and his, her, or their ertate shall be exonerated and discharged from such land tax in the same manner, in all respects, as if the quantity of three pounds per centum bank annuities, to be purchased with such monies, had been a&yally transferred by him, her, or them to the said of, as the consideration for the redemption of such land tax: provided always, That no more money shall be raised by way of mortgage, or by grant of any rent charge, than what shall appear to the said of for the purposes of this act>, to be sufficient to purchase the amount of bank annuities to be transferred as the consideration for the redemption of such jand tax: provided also, That no other or greater quantity of ertate shall be sold, than what shall appear to the said of eligible and necessary to be sold for the purposes aforesaid: provided also, That the said of shall not certify their

into the bank, to the account of of for reducing the national deft, who shall invert the same in 3 ptr cents.; the ca'lhier's receipt shall discharge the purchasers; and the persons whose land tax shall be so redeemed, fli all ft and in the same filiation as if they had transferred 3 per cents.

No more money shall he raised, or land fold, than the of shall think necessary, on an

estimate upon consent to, or approbation of, any such sale as aforesaid, without value0and6 having an estimate in writing, upon oath or solemn affirmation, that the ertate va^ue of such part of the ertate as shall be proposed to be

will not be materially injured.

fold, and that the sale thereof will not materially injure the residue

of the ertate remaining unfold, and that the part so proposed to

he fold is proper (considering all circumstances) to be sold for the purposes aforesaid.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any person or persons interested in remainder, rever-

fion or expectancy, in any estate in England, any part of which

ians, See. may shall be proposed to be sold or mortgaged under the authority of petition chan- (h; s

or for the guardians, committees, or trustees, of any such person or persons who shall be aggrieved by such intended sale or mortgage, or conceive themselves so to be, at any time before such ertate shall have been actually cor\veyed by way of

fa!§

Reversioners of estates in England, or their guard-

eery against such sales or mortgage.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 745

sale or mortgage, to present a petition to the high court of chancery, which court shall have power in a summary way to make such order respecting the suspension of or proceeding in such sale or mortgage, or for the sale or mortgage of any other part of the estate in question, as well as for the payment of any corts occasioned by such petition, as such court shall think fit.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That wherever, by reason Jfon such fa?, of any fluduation in the price of the said bank annuities, or that ^an^ihr^his the precise quantity of ertate necessary to be sold for the purposes Of flock, after aforesaid cannot be set apart to be so fold, there shall be any fur- transferring, plus of flock purchased with the money arising by any sale, sufficient to mortgage, or grant, to be made under or by virtue of this act, [^d^ax^ich after reserving so much of three pounds per centumbank annuities surplusY from as shall be agreed to be transferred as the consideration for such lands in England tax, the said surplus flock shall, where such manors, mef- land) shall be fuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments so fold, mortgaged, ^Ylffn the^0 or charged, are situated in England, be placed in the books of accountant the bank of England, in the name and with the privity of the general's accountant general of the court of chancery, to the intent that name, and the same may be applied in the manner herein after mentioned;

eery in pay-

(that is to say), To the intent that such surplus flock may at a convenient time be sold, and the money arising therefrom applied, ment of debts under the direction and with the approbation of the said court, to affecting the be fipnified by an order made upon a petition to be preferred in e^ate»

O J r r r qj- til6 DUT —

a summary way, in the discharge of any debt or debts, or part chafe of other thereof, affecting the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or lands, to be hereditaments, the land tax charged whereon shall have been so settled as the redeemed, or where the same shall not be so applied, then the same ^e^the di shall be laid out and inverted, under the like direction and ap- videndsmean-probation of the said court, in the purchase of other manors, while to be messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which shall be P^id to the conveyed and settled to, for, and upon, such and the like uses, t^Yothe* trusts, intents, and purposes, and in the same manner as the ]ancis- or such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which surplus may shall be so fold, mortgaged, or charged, as aforesaid, flood settled be laid out ia and limited, or such of them as at the time of making such con- ^Yind tax^ veyance and settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and which shall capable of taking effect, and in the mean time the dividends and then be con. annual produce of such surplus flock shall from time to time go fidered as real and belong to the person or persons who would, for the time e^ate % being, have been entitled to the rents and profits of the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in case such last mentioned purchase and settlement were made; or to the intent that such surplus dock may be transferred to the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt, under the direction and with the approbation of the said court of chancery* to be signified in manner aforesaid, for the purchase of any land tax charged on any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, situate in any part of Great Britain; and such land tax, when so purchased, shall be deemed to be of the nature of real estate, and shall go and be applied in the same manner as

the

In Scotland such surplus flock shall be placed in one of the publick banks subject to the order of

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. .[1797.

the estate fold would have gone and been applied, if the same had not been so fold.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments so fold, mortgaged, or charged, are situated in Scotland, such surplus Hock may be sold, and the money arising therefrom be paid into or placed in one or other of the two publick banks the court of of Scotland^ with the previous authority of the court of session, section, who the judges of which court are hereby empowered and required, may apply the upon summary petition to be presented to them by or on the same m pay- behalf of the proprietor or heir in posseiEon for the time, to oi^th^pur- direct ar)d order that the Paid surplus money or balance shall be chafe of other laid out and employed as soon as conveniently may be, under the lands'or land direction and with the approbation of the said court, either in tax; and the payment of debts affecting the said entailed estate, or in the place the same Purchsfe of other lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of any cut at interest land tax, which respectively shall be limited and settled to the for the benefit same persons and uses, and under the same clauses and conditions uitUb'dto the aS manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and heredita-

lands^ meats, which shall be fofold, mortgaged, or charged as aforesaid,

{food settled and limited; and in the mean time, till the said surplus money or balance shall be so employed, to order and direct the money to be laid out upon such security as to the court shall seem proper, upon interest, and to direct such clauses to be inferred in the bond or other security to be taken for the money, as shall be effectual to secure the person or persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the rents and profits of the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in case such sale, mortgage, or grant had not been made, and the succeecling heirs of entail who shall successively come to the possession of the same, the enjoyment of the interest of the said money, and to preserve the capital until the money shall be employed as aforesaid.

If the fur phis

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if

ceed 7oo\*' ^urP^us as aforesaid shall not exceed the amount of two hun-.

hock, it may dred pounds principal flock, the same shall be transferred to a be transferred trustee to be named by the person or persons, bodies, corporate a trullee tions, or companies redeeming such land tax, in order that the felei c^of^heame may be aPpbed in any manner herein-before directed, courts, without obtaining or being required to obtain the direiftion or

approbation of the court of chancery or court of session as aforesaid.

Mortgagees, 13

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all

acVriot to", Sand every persons or person, body, corporation, or company, have priority having any mortgage. Charge, lien, or incumbrance on any over former manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which mortgagees of ^ass^mortgaged, or out of which any rent charge shall be for'interdt^of grante^ by virtue of this atft, shall have and be entitled to all mortgage; and such remedies, privileges, and advantages, both at law and in such former equity, as he, file, or they would have had or been entitled to

in

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. 745

in case this act had not been passed, or no-mortgage or grant mortgagees to had been made under or by virtue thereof; and the person or £ave the £reT

j 7 1 or ?lrl —

persons lending any money for the purposes of this act shall not vancing mo_

have priority of security on the said manors, messuages, lands, or ney to redeem

hereditaments, by force and virtue of this act, over any such the land tax.

prior mortgage, charge, lien, or incumbrance, in respect of the

principal money lent for the purposes of this act, but in respect of the interest thereof only: provided also, That all persons,

bodies, corporations, or companies, having any prior mortgages,

charges, liens, or incumbrances on such manors, messuages,

lands, tenements, or hereditaments, shall be entitled, according to their respective priorities, to advance the money required for the redemption of such land tax in preference to all other persons.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no person or per- onTomin*

Tons, bodies, corporations, or companies, entitled in remainder, fntopoffeffior

reversion, or expectancy to, or having any future interest in any to be liable to

manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which the payment

shall be so conveyed, surrendered, or demised by way of mort- more, than j'j / one year s

gage, or whereout any such rent charge or rent charges as afore- intereA &c.

said shall be granted and made payable, in pursuance of this act, in arrear.

shall be liable, upon his, her, or their coming into the possession

of, or being beneficially entitled to such manors, messuages,

lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to the payment of arrears of

interest on any sum or sums of money secured by mortgage as

aforesaid, or of arrears of any rent charge for more than twelve

calendar months preceding the time that the title to such possession

shall have accrued.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any person Any person or persons having such benefit of preference as herein-before mentioned, and who shall not be feifeu of or entitled to any ancj nots an > estate of inheritance in the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, estate of in-and hereditaments, whereon any land tax shall be charged, shall heritance, reredeem such land tax by and out of his, her, or their own estate, out

and shall, at the time of entering into the contrail for the re- of his own' demption thereof, have declared his, her, or their option to be estate, and considered on the footing of a purchaser or purchasers as afore- declaring his said, such person or persons, his, her, or their executors, admi- ^niidered^as nistrators, or assigns, shall have, hold and enjoy the land tax so a purchaser, redeemed by him, her, or them, as an annuity issuing out of shall hold the such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments iaricltax re* (subject to such right and power of redemption thereof as herein- aunuit^ iflii*11 before is given to the person or persons beneficially entitled to ing out of the the next estate or interest in reversion, remainder. Or expectancy, lands, (subject as and when such estate or interest shall velf in possession); and \° the reyer-

when any such person or persons as aforesaid shall not, at the ^?n.er, s

r or.> r r, °* redemption

time of entering into the contract for the redemption or Inch underfed. 18^;

land tax, have declared his, her, 'or their option as aforesaid, but if the

whereby such manors, messuages, lands, tenement*, or heredita- lands are exo-

ments, whereon the land tax shall have been charged, will by ^h^tax ^the*

virtue of this act be exonerated therefrom, such manors, mcf- purchaser will

fuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments shall be and become be entitled to

chargeable-the amount of

deemed:

746 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. d 60.

[1797-. the 3 per chargeable for the benefit of such person or persons, his, her, or fcired aTthe ^le'r executors, administrators, or assigns, with the amount of con (iteration r^ree pounds per centum bank annuities, which shall have with interest been transferred as the consideration f6r the redemption of the equal to the said land tax, and with the payment of such yearly sum or sums land tax re- of money, by way of interefb thereon, as shall be equal to the amount of the land tax redeemed: provided always* That no but reversion- person or persons in remainder, reversion, or expedfancy, or Irbleto the ^av^no an>' future interest as aforesaid, who shall afterwards, in payment of or^er of succession, come into the actual possession, or be benefi -inch interest cially entitled to the rents and profits of such manors, messuages, only from the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, shall be liable to the payment

cordm- Into °* an)7 2nnu^>S or of any yearly sum or sums of money by pclTciiion. way of interest as aforesaid, save only from the time he, she, or they shall come into possession, or be beneficially entitled as aforesaid.

Nolands shall

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

be sold or n0 manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, shall

rnengaged or p0]fj or morto; ao; ed, nor any rent charge granted, in pursuance

the purposes & 5, .*. .^p. o

of this ?! A, of the powers and authorities given by this act, without one

without one calendar month's previous notice in writing given to the said

month's no- of specially to be appointed for the purposes of this

com m; ft on ac^' trie Person or Perons defirou9 of making such sale,

c-rs; Vior if the mortgage, or grant, nor if the person or persons who shall be

pe»fonentitled beneficially entitled to the first or next beneficial estate in re-

to the first or mainder, reversion, or expectancy therein, fir any such shall be, )

estate for or c^e guar(^ian or guardians of such person or persons, in case

guardian, &c. minority, or committee or committees of his or her estate in

shall, on one case of lunacy, shall, within one calendar month after notice in

month's no- writing shall be given to him, her, or them by the person or

ever ^afe^Persons desirous of making such sale, mortgage, or grant, (which

must be given notice such person or persons is and are hereby required to give

him), advance in every such case), agree to advance the money* which shall be

the money necdiary; m which cate they shall be

required for the purchase of the stock to be transferred, as the consideration for the redemption of the (and tax charged on such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and

considertd as which money such guardian or guardians, committee or corn-

prchrnbly

entitled.

mittees, is or are hereby authorised or empowered to advance for that purpose; and in every such case the contract shall be made in the name of, or assigned to the person or persons by whom or on whole behalf such money shall be advanced, who shall be bound to complete the same, and have and enjoy all benefits and advantages arising therefrom, in the same manner as if such person or persons had been originally entitled to such Gmrdnns of benefit of preference as aforesaid: provided always, That nothing rnnftden^c". herein contained shall extend to prevent any person or persons, may fell as if hereby required to give such notice to the said of as infants I, as aforesaid, who shall be the guardian or guardians of such infant,

or committee or committees of such lunatick person or persons in remainder, reversion, or expediancy, from making any such rncefirmo- sale, mortgage, or grant of any rent charge, in the same manner

been of full age, and had refuted to ad

ney on notice*

as

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. 747

as if such infant person or persons had been of full age, and had refused to advance such moneyas aforesaid.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Trust pro-where 'any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or heredita- layout fnents, shall be settled or limited to or for any particular uses, in iancj may trusts, intents, or purposes, and any other property shall be sub- be applied in je£t to any trust to be laid out or inverted in the purchase of r^dernption other manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to ° x be settled to or for the same uses, trusts, intents, or purposes, or limited lands, to be applied in the payment of any debts or charge affecting and the land the same, then and in every such case it shall be lawful to apply in

such other property in the redemption of the land tax charged jj^rge^n the upon such settled manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and faij iaiKj8# hereditaments, with such consent as shall be necessary for the purpose of applying such other property in the purchase of any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, according to the terms of the trurt affect'ting the same, whether such trust shall have been created or directed by any acte of parliament, deed, will, or otherwise; and when any such trust property shall be under the direction or controul of ariycourt, the same shall be so applied under the order of such court; and such land tax, when all the instalments shall be completed, shall fink and become merged in the same manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the benefit of the person or persons for the time being beneficially entitled thereto.

XL. And be it further enacted, That any trust property, Trust pro-which by any act of parliament, or any deed or will, or other-^out wife, is directed to be applied in the purchase of stock in the; n the funcjs> publick funds or other securities, at the discretion of any trustee may be invertor trustees, or curator or curators, or subject to the consent ofed in the: pur-the person or persons for whose benefit the trust shall be created, £ax ^nde^this or any of them, then and in every such case it shall be lawful to act. as aifQ layout and invert; the same in the purchase of any land tax which trust property shall be sold in pursuance of this act, in the same manner in all ?° he applied respects as if such investment had been authorised by the terms of the trust, affecting such property; and if any such trust pro- which case the perty shall be subject to any trust to apply the same in the pur- land tax shall chafe of real estate, to be settled do or for any particular uses, be considered intents, or purposes, it shall be lawful to apply the same in the hutrhVe^taU* purchase of any land tax to be purchased in pursuance of this in which may act; and such land tax, when so purchased and conveyed to the be barred by uses, and subject to the trusts, and for the intents and purposes deec* enrolled to and for which such real estate, if purchased, would have been aadreStiered, subject, shall be deemed to be of the nature of real estate, and shall go and be applied in the same manner as real estate, if purchased with the same funds, would have gone and been applied: provided always, That it shall be lawful for all and every person and persons who shall become entitled to any such land tax so purchased and settled as real estate, to bar and destroy any entail thereof, which might have been barred by recovery or line by deed acknowledged by such person or persons, and enrolled in V 01#. XLI.'Ddd one

Timber maybe cut down by persons in possession under order of

as in cases of real e It ate, under the direction of the courts; having regard to the rights of

748 Anno regni tricesimo octavo GeoRGn III. c. 60. [1797.

One of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the courts of the said counties palatine, or the great fetlions in Wales* as the case shall require, or registered in the office for registering deeds in the counties of Middlesexor York, as the case shall require*

XLI. And be it further enacted, That for the purpose of redeeming or purchasing the land tax charged on any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments subject to any restriction, in the power of the person or persons in possession, or chancery, &c. entitled to the rents and profits thereof, to cut down timber du^and^r ^anc^n£ thereon, it shall be lawful for such person or persons in plus applied in possession, with the approbation (if in England) of the court of redemption of chancery, and (if in Scotland) of the court of session, upon an land tax, &c. application in a summary way, to cut down such quantity of timber as the said courts shall reflectively direct, and apply the produce thereof, under the directions of such courts, in the redemption or purchase of the land tax, or any part thereof, charged on any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, whereon the said timber shall be growing, or any manors, mef-aliVcrfons'ln- fuages> lands, tenements, or hereditaments, subject to the same terested. restriction; and in case there shall be any surplus of money arising by sale of such timber, the same shall be applied in manner herein-before directed, with respect to surplus money arising by sale of any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, hereby authorised to be sold: provided always nevertheless. That the court by whose direction any such timber shall be sold, shall further direct in what manner the income derived therefrom ought to be applied during so long time as the manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, on which such timber shall be growing, shall be in possession of any person or persons having a limited interest or limited interests therein, having regard to the rights of all persons interested therein, customar^XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for estateTmaybe anybody politick or corporate, or company, and for any person or enfranchised persons seised of any manors in England, of which any copyhold or customary estates shall be holden, with the approbation of the court of chancery, to enfranchise any such copyhold or customary estates, and to apply the money arising thereby, under the direction of the said court, in the same manner and under the same restrictions as herein-before directed and provided with respect to any timber hereby authorised to be cut down on any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the like purpose.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for devufedfoTthe any Person or persons by will or other wise, or any bodies politick redemption of or corporate, to give any sum or sums of money for the purpose the land tax of applying the same in the redemption or purchase of the land tax charged, on any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments settled to any charitable uses, and which may and shall be applied accordingly; any statutes of mortmain, or other statute or law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any

for the same purposes.

Money may be given or

on estates of charities.

Parishes entitled to lands

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60.'749

any parish or place entitled to the benefit of any lands, tene- settled to cha-ments, or hereditaments settled to charitable uses, to apply such r*tat>le uses,

7 mpiv rpnprrn

sum or sums of money as shall be necessary for the redemption the land tax of the land tax charged thereon, out of'any rate made or to be thereon out of made on such parish or place for the relief of the poor* in case the poors the rents and profits of such lands shall be applicable for benefit of the poor, and out of any church rate, in case the tion ot^two rents and profits shall be applicable to the repairs of any church justices, and or chapel, or otherwise out of such parish rate as the circum- on publick fiances of the particular case shall require: provided always, ^uixVfor That no such rate shall be so applied without the approbation of two Sundays, two justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, or place, certified in writing to the commissioners specially to be appointed for the purposes of this act, and upon proof before such justices on oath or affirmation, of notice having been given during divine service on two Sundays at the least in the church or chapel, belonging to such parish or place, or where there shall be no church or chapel, then in the church or chapel of some parish adjoining thereto, of an intention to make such application, and of the time and place of applying for the approbation of such justices.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Surveyorge* the surveyor general of the land revenues of the crown, in respect ner -1he of the land tax charged on the manors, messuages, lands* tene- cham^nr'rand ments, rents, or other revenues of the crown, within the furvev councji Of the and receipt of the exchequer for the time being, wit; h the consent duchy of of the lord high treasurer, or the of of the treasury kancaster, and for the time being, and for the chancellor and council of the [aloVthe^116" duchy of Lancaster for the time being, in respect of the land tax duchy of charged on the manors, messuages, lands, rents, tenements, Cornwall, hereditaments, or other revenues of the crown, within the survey may agree for andvreceipt of the said chancellor and council, and officers of the [he^Tnd^ax0* said duchy, and for the surveyor general of the duchy of Cornwall, on lands in respect of the land tax charged on the manors, me Ullages, within their lands, tenements, rents, and other revenues of the duchy of re*Pe<^ive fiir-Cornwall, to conrratft and agree with the of specially the case of to be appointed for the purposes of this act, for the redemption bodies corpo-of the land tax charged upon any of the said manors, messuages, rate, lands, tenements, rents, or other revenues respectively, and to proceed to the completion of such contract, in such and the like manner, in all respects, as is herein-before directed in cases of redemption of any land tax, with and subject to such benefit of preference, and with such power of redemption as is hereinbefore given to any bodies politick or corporate by this act, except where it shall be otherwise expressly provided by this a£h

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for fons to alcer-his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by warrant under his royal tain the land sign manual, to nominate and appoint such and so many persons tax on the as his Majesty may think proper, for the purpose of ascertaining the proportions of the land tax charged upon all and every of of the exche- the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, rents, or other revenues quer; a re-belonging to the crown, within the survey and receipt of the Port which

exchequer

Surveyor general of the crown may contratft for

750 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. [1797.

exchequer in England, and such of are hereby required, as soon as they conveniently can, to certify and report, in writing under their hands and seals, unto the of of hrs Majesty's treasury for the time being, the proportions of such land tax, and the several parishes and places within which, and the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, rents, or other revenues upon which the same is charged and payable, and to transmit a copy of such certificate to the surveyor general of his Majesty's land revenue.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the surveyor general of the land revenues of the crown, now or for the time being, to contract or agree with any person or sale of part of persons, or any bodies politick or corporate, for the sale, from the crown time to time, of such or so much of the manors, messuages, lands, d^in the land tenements> tythes, mines, minerals, colheries, woods, wood tax hereon; grounds, fens, marshes, or waste lands belonging to the crown, the money to as are within the survey and receipt of the exchequer in England, he paid into for foe best prices or considerations in money which the said laid out byTis ^urveYor general shall be able to procure for the same, as will order in the raise a him of money sufficient for the redemption of the land tax purchase of charged upon the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, rents,

3 percents, in or any ot^er revenues of or belonging to the crown, and the of the Trea- Purchase monies to be paid for the same shall from time to time fury, as under be paid into the bank of England, to the account of the com-34 Geo. 3. c. missioners of his Majesty's treasury, under which title the gover-75* but the^ nor and company of the bank of England are hereby required to keo^iftinA 6 °^en an account accordingly, and shall be laid out by order of from those un* the surveyor general in the purchase of three pounds per centum, der that act. consolidated bank annuities, in the names of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, in like manner as is directed by an act, passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better management of the la?id revenue of the crown, and for the sale of the fee farm and other unimproveable rents; but nevertheless in such manner that the accounts thereof may be kept separate and distinct from the accounts of the sales made, and stock purchased, in pursuance of that acct.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no onl b war contra^: be made, unless by special warrant to be issued

rant from the for that PurP°^e by the lord high treasurer, or the of treasury. of the treasury for the time being.

Chancellor,

XLIX. And be it further enadsea, That it shall be lawful for See. of the the chancellor and council of the duchy of Lancaster for the duchy of time being, under the seal of the said duchy, to nominate and a^oint^er^ aPP°'nt such and so many persons as the said chancellor and duchy may think proper, for the purpose of ascertaining the proportions of the land tax charged upon all and every the manors, messuages; lands, tenements, rents, and other revenues belonging to the crown, within the survey and receipt of the said duchy and its officers; and such last mentioned of are hereby required, as soon as they conveniently can, to certify and report, in writing under their hands and seals* unto the-

chancellor

Suchcontra&s to be made

appoint persons to ascertain the land tax on crown lands within survey of the duchy to be reported to them.

1797 1 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 6o. 75*

chancellor and council, the proportions of such land tax, and the several parishes and places within which, and the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, rents, or other revenues upon which the same is charged and payable, and to transmit a copy of such certificate to such officer of the said duchy as the said chancellor and council shall appoint.

L. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said fur- Surveyor ge-veyor general shall have contracted with any person or persons, ]J, er^contT^t" bodies politick or corporate, for the sale of any manors, messuages, ftaH give a*lands, tenements, tythes, or other hereditaments belonging to certificate the crown, the said surveyor general shall grant to the respective thereof to the purchaser or purchasers a certificate under his hand, specifying ^JC^?oduc^ the premises so contracted for, and the amount of the purchase tion of which* money to be paid for the same; and the cashiers of the bank, or the cashiers of one of them, shall, upon the production of such certificate, accept the bank hull and receive the purchase monies therein specified, and at the foot or on the back of such certificate acknowledge the receipt of the ^vc a same, without fee or reward; and the said certificate and receipt receipt; shall be afterwards enrolled in the office of the respective auditor which certifi-of the land revenue, or in the office of the clerk of the pipe, if cei^t^tll be the premises shall be in charge before him; and such auditor or enrollecTin clerk of the pipe, or their respective deputy or deputies, having the office of enrolled the said certificate and receipt, shall attefi: the same auditor of the under his or their hand or hands, and return the said certificate 'and

and receipt to the purchaser or purchasers, and from and imme- the enrol-diately after such enrolment, and thenceforth for ever, the re- ment, attested spective purchasers, their heirs, successors, or assigns, shall by on raid force of this act be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the shallfull actual seisin and possession of the premises so by them respectively evidence of purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the same peaceably and the purcha-quietly, freed and discharged of and from all claims and demands fer's title, which can or may be made by his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, or by any person or persons lawfully claiming, by, from, or under him or them, and of and from ail manner of incumbrance whatsoever, as fully and amply, to all intents and purposes, as his Majesty, his heirs or successors, might or could have held or enjoyed the same.

LI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Expends of lord high treasurer or of of the treasury for the time ffiaH be' being, to order any expences that may bemeceflarily incurred defrayed by for making surveys of any of the manors, messuages, lands, the treasury. tenements, or hereditaments, hereby authorised to be sold or other wise, in relation to the sale thereof, to be defrayed out of the purchase monies arising from such sales.

LII. And be it further enacted, That every contract made Form of con-under the authority of this act, for the sale of any part of the tr*&s a^re-land revenues of the crown within the survey and receipt of the of1 such lands exchequer, shall be in the form specified in the schedule hereunto in schedules, 5 annexed, marked (F.); and every certificate for the sale of any E, F, G, H. part of the revenues of the crown within the survey or receipt of the chancellor and council of the duchy of Lancaster, shall be in

d p d 3 the

7Sz Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. [1797.

the form specified in the schedule hereunto annexed, marked

(E.); and every certificate of contract for the sale of any part of the revenues of the duchy of Cornwall, shall be in the form in

the schedule hereunto annexed, marked (G.); and the receipt or

acknowledgement for the consideration of every such sale shall be

in the form in the schedule hereunto annexed, marked (H.)

Chancellor,

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

of CLancaftery chancellor and council of the duchy of Lancaster for the time

may fell lands, being, to sell and dispose of, to any person or persons, bodies

&c. within politick or corporate, from time to time, and thereupon to grant

the duchy, to and affile, in the name of his Majesty, his heirs and successors,

redeem the uncjer the seal of the said duchy, such and so much of the manors, land tax; the, r, n

purchase messuages, lands, tenements, tytnes, mines, minerals, colheries, money to be woods, grounds, fens, marshes, or wade lands, belonging to the paid to the crown, as are within the survey and receipt of the said duchy ra?of the*ene" an<^ t^e °cers of the same, or for the bed prices or considera-duchy, and tions in money which the said chancellor and council shall be invested under able to procure for the same, as will raise a sum of money fuf-the directions ftcient for the redemption of the land tax charged upon the o 19 Geo. 3. manorS5 meduages, lands, tenements, rents, or any other revenues of or belonging to the crown, within the survey and receipt of the said duchy and the officers of the same, and the purchase money to be paid for the same shall from time to time be paid into the hands of the receiver general of the revenues of the said duchy, and acquittances and receipts given by him for the same, and the same shall be laid out and invested in like manner, in all respects, as is directed by an act passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to enable the chancellor and council of the duchy of Lancaster to sell and dispose of certain fee farm rents, and to enfranchise copyhold and customary tenements, within their survey, and to encourage the growth of timber on lands held of the said duchy, or any other act or acts now in force for the sale of any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, rents, or hereditaments, within the survey and receipt of the said duchy or its officers.

The treasury,

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for cellor^&c ^f^l°r(^ high treasurer, or the of of the treasury, in the duchy, respect of the crown lands within the survey and receipt of the may, from the exchequer, and for the chancellor and council of the duchy of ?r°h of Lancaster in respect of the crown lands in the survey and receipt spectively, 1^ °^the fa'd duchy, for the time being, by order of his Majesty in transfer to council, from time to time to cause to be transferred to the of of for the reduction of the national debt, so much of for reducing the capital stock vested in their respective names, arising from debt^f^much anya^es made by them respectively in pursuance of the said reflock as shall spective acts of the nineteenth and thirty-fourth years of the be necessary reign of his present Majesty and of this act, or any other act or

thehr^f^c a^S nOW ^orce ^or any manors> messuages,

tiv^propor- lands, tenements, rents, and other revenues of the crown, within tions of land the survey and receipt of the exchequer, or the duchy of Lan-tax on the cajiery as may be necessary for the redemption of the land tax crown lands. charged

1797O Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. 753

charged upon any of the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, rents, and other revenues of the crown respectively; and The interest, that in the mean time, and until the same shall be so transferred, the interest or yearly dividends thereof, and also the interest or the furpiUS), if yearly dividends of any part of such capital stock which shall not any, to be ap-be applied or disposed of for the redemption or purchase of such plied accord-land tax, shall be from time to time received, accounted for, applied, and appropriated in like manner, in all respects, as is^directed by the said acts of the nineteenth and thirty-fourth years and34 Geo. 3. of his Majesty's reign, in respbcft of the dividends of flock purchased in pursuance of the said acts, or either of them, respectively,

LV. And be it further enacted, That upon the redemption On such by the transfer of flock, in the manner herein-before mentioned, ^ands of any land tax charged upon any manors, messuages, lands, or to exone. rents, or any other revenues belonging to the crown, and upon rated from the the regiflry thereof in the manner herein directed, the manors, land tax, and messuages, lands, or rents, or any other revenue belonging to the crown, upon which such land tax shall have been charged, abhH^y tenants shall thenceforth be wholly freed and exonerated from the land of the crown, tax charged thereon, and from all further assessments thereof, to be con* and the amount of such land tax shall thenceforth during the r^overable s continuance of any lease or demise now in being, be conildered rent# as rent due to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and be recovered and recoverable as such by his Majesty, his heirs and successors, against any lessee or lessees, and by such lessee or lessees against his, her, or their under lessees or tenants reflectively, and shall be collected and received by such person or persons, and subject to such orders and regulations as the lord high treasurer or of.of the treasury in respectl of the crown lands within the survey and receipt of the exchequer, and the chancellor and council of the duchy of Lav.caster in respect of the crown lands in the survey and receipt of the said duchy, shall from time to time appoint and establish for the better collecting and answering the same to his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Prince of his royal highness George prince of Wales and duke of Cornwall, Wales may by warrant under his said royal highness's sign manual, to nomi- fQ^ascer nateand appoint such and so many persons as his said royal high- tajn bjs pro-ness may think proper, for the purpose of ascertaining the pro- portions of portions of the land tax charged upon any of the manors, mef- lanc* tax in the fuages, lands, tenements, or other revenues belonging to and Cornwall to parcel of the duchy of Cornwall, and such of are be reported to hereby required, as loon as they conveniently can, to certify his council, and report, in writing under their hands and seals, unto the &c-anc* a council or of of the revenues of his said royal high- ^he^urve for ness, the proportions of such land tax, and the distridf within general of the which, and the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or other duchy, revenues upon which the same is charged and payable, and to transmit a copy of fuph certificate to the surveyor general of the duchy of Cornwall.

the purchase money to be

Eaid into the ank.

754 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. [1797.

Surveyor

LVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for

duchy may*be ^"urveyor general of the duchy of Cornwall, now or for the contract for time being, to contract or agree with any person or persons, or sale of lands any bodies politick or corporate, for the sale, from time to time, of to redeem the such or so much of the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, rents? an tax, tithes, mines, minerals, colheries, woods, wood grounds, fens, marshes, or waste lands, belonging to and parcel of the said duchy of Cornwall, for the best prices or considerations in money, which the said surveyor general shall be able to procure for the same, as will ralfe a sum of money sufficient for the redemption of the said land tax charged upon the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or any other revenues belonging to and parcel of the said duchy of Cornwall, and the purchase money to be paid for the same shall, from time to time, be paid by the respective purchasers into the bank of England, to be there received by the cashiers of the bank, and accounted for and inverted in the manner herein after directed. Such con-

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no

tracts shall be such contract shall be made, unless by special warrant to be issued wafrant froni for that purpose by the council or of of the revenues the prince's his said royal highness, or any three or more of them, for the council, &c.

The bank shall open an account with the duchy.

time being.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the governor and directors of the bank of England shall, and they are hereby required to open an account in their books, under the title of "The Account The furve or ^ucby of Cornwall, " and carry to the creditpf such account

on contrattino-the several monies directed as aforesaid to be paid to the cashiers for the sale of of the bank, for or on account of the purchase of any such manors, lands, shall messuages, lands, tenements, rents, or other revenues of the said

give the pur- of Cornwall, and whensoever the surveyor general of the

Culler 3 cer_ -'/ o

tifwate*on - said duchy of Cornwall shall have contracted with any person or the produc- persons, bodies politick or corporate, for the sale of any such tion of which, manors, messuages, lands, tenements, rents, or other revenues of of th^mone^ t^e ^a*lc^ duchy of Cornwall, the said surveyor general shall grant the bank^flfali unto the purchaser or purchasers a certificate under his hand, give him a specifying the premises so contracted for, and the amount of the

receipt: the purchase money to be paid for the same; and the said cashiers of the bank, or one of them, shall, upon the production of such certificate, accept and receive from such purchaser or purchasers the purchase monies therein specified, and at the foot or on the back of such certificate acknowledge the receipt of the said monies the duch°r without fee or reward; and the said certificate and receipt shall and the^be afterwards brought to the office of the auditor of the duchy of

Cornwall, and be there forthwith inrolled in proper books to be provided and kept for that purpose, separate and apart from the other business and proceedings of the said office; and the said auditor, or his lawful deputy, having inrolled the said certificate and receipt, shall attest the same under his hand, and return the said certificate and receipt to the purchaser or purchasers; and from and immediately after such inrolment, and thenceforth for ever, the respective purchasers of any such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, rents, tythes, mines, minerals, colheries, woods,

WO£>d

certificate and receipt shall be enrolled in the office of

enrolment attested thereon, Sec.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. 755

wood grounds, fens, marshes, or waste lands, belonging to and parcel of the said duchy of Cornwall, and the heirs, successors, or assigns of such purchasers, shall, by force of this act, be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the actual seisin and possession of the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, rents, or other revenues so by them respectively purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the iame peaceably and quietly, and in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as his said royal highness, his heirs or successors, dukes of Cornwall, might or could have held or enjoyed the same.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Contracts, if

person or persons, with whom the surveyor general of the land eru-oUed

revenue of the crown or of the duchy of Cornwall shall contract ancJ the

for the sale of any of the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, money; paid

rents, or other revenues, by this act authorised to be sold as afore- within 40

Lid, shall neglect to procure and sue forth the certificate of the *7to?e

r i VOIG UllieiS

respective surveyor general of his, her, or their contract, or shall the surveyors

neglect to pay into the bank of Englandxhe consideration money general shall

therein to be specified, or shall neglect to inrol Inch certificate, respectively and the cashier's receipt for the said money, according to the ^ficat^to^e*

directions of this act, for the space of forty days, to be computed enron€d nunc

from the day on which such contract shall have been made, the pro tunc.

said contract shall be null and void, and the consideration money,

if paid into the bank, shall be forfeited, unless the respective fur-

yeyor general shall, for any reasonable cause to him shewn for the

omi (lion of such inrolment, order the said certificate to be inrolled

nunc pro tunc, and which, upon such Cause being shewn^ he is

hereby authorised to order accordingly.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every sum and sums Money paid of money, which shall be paid into the bank of England, under or int° the bank by virtue of this act, on account of the duchy of Cornwall, shall, o^T account of from time to time be laid out, by order of the council or com- the duchy, mi (Goners of the revenues of his said royal highness for the time shall be and being in the

and company of the bank of England are hereby authorised and name*of the required to permit transfers to be made of the annuities, funds, dukeofCorn-or (locks, so to be purchased, and such transfers to be accepted by wa^» and-th'e* the receiver general of the duchy of Cornwall, or his deputy, for

and in the name of the duke of Cornwall, and the said receiver into the hands general, or his deputy, is hereby required to accept the same of the receiver accordingly; and that all and singular the annuities so to be pur- °ftIie duchy chafed and accepted shall remain inverted in the name of the duke revenue* of Cornwall, and shall not be transferred or transferrable to any thereof, person or persons whatsoever, except in the manner herein after described; and that all the dividends shall, from time to time, be paid by the said governor and company into the hands of the said receiver general of the duchy of Cornwall for the time being, or his deputy, and shall, by force and virtue of this act, be deemed and taken by law to be part of the revenues of the said duchy of Cornwall, and shall be from time to time answered, accounted for,

in the purchase of three pounds per centum bank annuities, remain m-

7 56

The prince's council, &c. may transfer to the commissioners for reducing the national debt so much of the said stock as shall be ne-

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. [1797.

applied, and appropriated, to such and the same uses and purposes as the revenues of the duchy of Cornwall now are or would hereafter have been liabe to, and been applied and appropriated in case this act had not been made.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the council or of of the revenues of his said royal highness for the time being, or any three or more of them, by warrant or power of attorney under their hands and seal of office, from time to time to transfer to the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt so much of the capital stock vested in the name of the duke of Cornwall, arising from any sales made in pursuance of this act, as may be necessary for the redemp-

The lands of the duchy to be thereupon exonerated

redemption of ^on 0i<r tax charged upon any of the manors, messuages,

his land tax. lands, tenements, or other revenues belonging to and parcel of the said duchy of Cornwall.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the redemption, by the transfer of flock in the manner herein-before mentioned, of any land tax charged upon any manors, messuages, lands, tene-fresh the land ments, or other revenues belonging to and parcel of the said duchy shall be^onfi £°rmu0^'> an<^ upon the regiflry thereof in the manner herein dered aennt directed, the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or any other where payable revenues belonging to and parcel of the said duchy of Cornwall, by the te- upon which such land tax shall have b£en charged, shall thence-nants. forth during the continuance of any demise, be wholly freed and

exonerated from the land tax charged thereon, and from all fur, -ther assessments thereof, and the amount of such land tax shall thenceforth during the continuance of any demise be considered as rent, and be recovered and recoverable as such by his said royal highness the prince of Wales and duke of Cornwall, his heirs and successors, against any lessee or lelfees, or tenant or tenants, and by such lessee or lessees, or tenant or tenants, against his, her, or their under lessees or under tenants respectively. Governors of

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Queen Anne s r^e gOVernors of the bounty of Queen Anneior the augmentation layout money the maintenance of the poor clergy, to lay out from time tQ in redeeming time any sum or sums of money, which now are or hereafter shall

land tax on livings,

be applicable by them towards the augmentation of any living or livings, under and by virtue of any act or acts, law or laws, now in force, or of the charter granted in the reign of Queen Anne for that purpose, in the purchase of so much of three pounds per centum bank annuities before-mentioned, as may be necessary for the redemption of the land tax charged, or hereafter to be charged, in pursuance of the said act of the present session, upon the lands, tythes, or other profits arising from any living or livings being within the meaning of the said charter, or any act or acts now in force, directing the application of such bounty, and which land tax shall have been contracted for within the time before limited by the incumbent or incumbents of such living or livings, with the consent of the said governors, and from time to time to transfer to the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt such three pounds per centum

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 6o, 7-5 Jr

bank annuities according to such contracts; and such transfer of flock shall from the quarter day preceding the making thereof, wholly exonerate and discharge the lands, tithes, or other profits of such living or livings, from the payment of the land tax so redeemed.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Governors of the governors and directors of hospitals and other charitable in- hospitals may flitutions, to apply any legacies or voluntary donations bequeath- denfptiqjx

ed or given to or for the benefit of such hospitals and charitable of land tax. institutions, and which shall not have been directed by the person or persons bequeathing or giving the same to be applied in any particular manner, for or towards the redemption of the land tax charged upon any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, belonging to such hospitals or charitable institutions.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That in every case where Any number the land tax charged on the messuages, lands, tenements, or here- ^ofe^kmd ditaments, of any person, shall not exceed the annual sum of tax shall not twenty-five shillings, it shall be lawful for any number of such exceed 05s. persons whose land tax respectively shall not exceed such sum, each, may join being respectively entitled so the benefit of preference as aforesaid, and who shall respectively advance the money required for c|eeci duly^the purchase of such land tax out of his, her, or their own eslate, registered) to by any deed or instrument in writing under their respective hands redeem their and seals, (a memorial of which deed shall be registered gratis with the proper officer to be appointed as herein is directed), to apc[ fucj, substitute and appoint any other person or persons to be a trustee trustee may or trustees, for the purpose of redeeming the land tax charged purchase the upon their respective messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments; and such trustee or trustees shall have full power and authority to demand the proper certificates from the commissioner, in one con-for executing the said act of the present session, of the amount of trad:, produc-land tax charged upon the several parties to such deed or instru- ^Qners ment, and also upon obtaining such certificates to contract and the ^ee(1 0y agree, in his or their own name or names, with the of trust, and the specially to be appointed for the purposes of this act, for the needlary redemption of such land tax; upon the lame terms and conditions, and in the same manner, and to do all such other acts necessiuy prese*ence> ' for completing such contract, as the persons so substituting him or and payment them could severally and respectively have done by virtue of this of the money, act 5 and the said of are hereby authorised and empowered by one contract, to contrail and agree with such trustee or trustees, in his her, or their own names, for the sale of the whole of such land tax accordingly, and as if the whole of such land tax was charged on the property of such trustee or trustees, without mentioning the proportions thereof: provided always, That such trustee or trustees shall produce and shew to the said commissioners, the deed or instrument conliituting such trust, and also an affidavit, deposition, or affirmation, of each of the parties to such trust deed or instrument, to be made in the form and manner herein directed, with relped to affidavits, depositions, and

75*

Nut to author rife sale or mortgage, &c. of lands by persons so joining.

Such trust deeds not liable to stamp duty.

Such trustees to assign their portion of land tax to each party (Schedule (I.); and the assignee shall thereby become entitled to the land tax.

Sect. 78.

Alignment not liable to be stamped.

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. [1797.

affirmations authorised by this act, declaring that the deponent in such affidavit, deposition, or affirmation is entitled by virtue of this act to the benefit of preference granted by this act, by reason of his or her estate in the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, whereon his or her proportion of the land tax, intended to be purchased by such trustee, is charged; and that he or she has advanced, or has agreed to advance, the whole sum required for the purchase of such proportion of land tax to such trustee or trustees out of his or her estate: provided also. That nothing herein contained shall be construed to authorise any sale or mortgage of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or grant of any rent charge to be made by any person or persons joining in such trust deed or instrument as aforesaid, for the purpose of raising the money required for the purchase of such land tax, or any part thereof: provided also, That no deed or instrument, appointing any such trustee Or trustees, and registered as aforesaid, shall be liable to any stamp duty whatever.

LXVII. And belt further enacted, That the said trustee or trustees shall, and he or they is or are hereby authorised and empowered, at any time after the purchase of the land tax to be contrafted for by him or them shall-have been completed, (upon the application of the respective persons by whom he or they shall have been substituted), to assign to such persons respectively their respective proportions of the land tax so purchased, and such alignment shall be in the form specified in the schedule hereunto annexed, marked (I.); and memorials of all such assignments shall be registered and certificates thereof granted, and duplicates of such certificates delivered to the receiver general in England, or collector in Scotland, in such manner in all respects as is herein directed-, in case of assignments of land tax for valuable confederation; and after such allignment, the assignee of the land tax thereby assigned, shall have, hold, and enjoy, the same, upon the same terms, and with the same benefits and advantages, and liable to the same conditions as if the same had been originally redeemed by him or her; and no assignment to be made by any such trustee or trustees as aforesaid, shall be liable to any stamp duty whatever.

After March

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon after the

commission- twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ers may put ninety-nine, as circumstances will permit, the commissioners uptofrle such appointed for the purposes of this act, or any two or more of land tax as them, in every of the said counties, ridings, stewartries, cities, un^oWiTnhtir b°roughs, cinque ports, towns, and places, where the whole of respective the land tax hereby made saleable shall not have been contrafted districts. for according to the preference hereby given, shall put up to sale, either by publick auction or otherwise, as the of of the treasury for the time being shall directs, the whole, or any part or parcel of the land tax so remaining unfold within their respective districts, and it shall be lawful for the of, specially to be appointed for the purposes of this act, or any two or more of them, to contract and agree with any person or persons,

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 6cv 759

fons; bodies, corporations, or companies, for the sale of the land tax so remaining unfold, in such parcels as the said of, with the approbation of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, shall think fit, such sales to be completed by the purchaser or purchasers, by such rules, methods, and directions as are preferred with respeil to centrals to be entered into by any person or persons'entitled to such preference as aforesaid, as far as such rules, methods, or directions are applicable to such sales respect A clauseto tively: provided always, That in every such contract, a clause or be inserted in proviso shall be infer ted for the redemption of such land tax by feieHfor^the the person or persons in possession of or beneficially entitled to the re(3emption manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments whereon of the land such land tax shall be charged, or by any person or persons, bodies, tax, by per-corporations, or companies, in remainder, reversion, or expec- ^te^efted tancy, or having any future interest as aforesaid, at such time and Seefeit. 18. in such manner as is herein directed: provided also, That in all 93. such cases all the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and Till such hereditaments, whereon the land tax so purchased as last aforesaid redemption, shall be charged, situated in thefameparish, constablewick, or place, fub*ed shall, until such redemption shall take place, be subject to a new to a newJ assessment of the said land tax, from year to year, by an equal assessment of rate, according to the annual value of such manors, messuages, the land tax, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in common with each other, without any power in the purchaser or purchasers thereof to ex- without any onerate the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or heredi- power in the taments, from the same, or to fix the rate of land tax to be charged purchaser to thereon, or, if the premises be in Scotland, by an assessment accord- ^e^ from ing to the rules, and in the manner established by law or custom or to qx in regard to the-cess or land tax in that country, as herein after rate of land mentioned, tax*

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if If, before at any time before the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand March 25, seven bundreel and ninety-nine, any person or persons, body or entitled^ftiall3 bodies politick or corporate, entitled to the benefit of preference give notice to aforesaid, shall give notice to the of appointed for of the purposes of this act, that he, file, or they does not or do not they do intend to claim the benefit of such preference, it shall be lawful claiuTtheirre. for the said of immediately to treat and contract with spective bene-the person or persons, body politick or corporate, next entitled fit of prefer-to such benefit of preference, and so from time to time as long enfi5' comas any person or persons, body politick or corporate, shall be en- ^v^elUo titled to such benefit, and shall not have given notice of his, her, persons next or their intention not to claim the benefit thereof; and if all the entitled* and persons, bodies politick or corporate, so entitled, shall, before finally to per-the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred ^to such and ninety-nine, give notice to the said of that they preference, respectively do not intend to claim such benefit, it shall be lawful for the said of to treat and contrail with any person or persons not entitled to such preference, in the same manner as the said of might otherwise do after the said

60 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. g.

[1797.

twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

The consider-

LXX. And be it further enacted, That the confederation to c'hafes°b'PUr-n any last mentioned contract, shall be the

son^no/en-1 transfer of so much flock at the lead in either of the three titled topre- pounds per centum annuities, transferrable at the bank of Eng-fcrence, to be land as aforesaid, unto the of appointed for the recent Ustock as* ^U(-^on of t*e national debt, as will yield an annuity or dividend will yield a* exceeding the amount of the land tax so to be purchased as dividend ex- aforesaid, by One fifth part thereof, such transfer to be made deeding the -within the period of one year from the time of entering into land'ta^b^ 1 all-mentioned contract, by four inflalments of not less

i-5to be ^ian one ^ourt^ Part °' t^e whole amount of the flock to be so transferred by transferred as aforesaid, at intervals of three months from each four instal- other, and on the respective days before mentioned^the transfer merits within Of such flock for the first inflalment to be made on such of the t^whole'rray^aYs as happen next after the time of entering into such be transferred last mentioned contrail: provided always, That it shall be law-at once, or by ful for all such person or persons, bodies, corporations, or comments*at" riot Pan*es' p.urchaling any such land tax as aforesaid, to contrail more than an^gtee with the said of specially to be appointed three month's for the purposes of this act, to transfer the whole of the flock interval. agreed to be transferred, as the consideration for such redemption or purchase at the time herein-before, prescribed for the transfer of the first inflalment thereof, or to transfer such flock in any greater proportions, and in any less number of inflalments than are herein-before prescribed, so as that such inflalments shall not be made at a greater interval than three months from each other.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That as soon after the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine as conveniently may be, the commissioners for the affairs of taxes for the time being shall cause to be prepared a schedule or description in writing of the amount and proportions of land tax remaining unfold, in all and every the counties, ridings, and places, in that part ot Great Britain called England, and the receiver general for Scotland shall prepare a like schedule or description for the land tax remaining unfold in Scotland, and transmit a duplicate thereof to the said commissioners for the affairs of taxes, which said duplicate shall be deposited in some convenient office for the inspection of any person or persons treasury, with during office hours, on payment of, to the clerk having the notice of the custody thereof, the sum of one shilling and no more for each anyplace of16 ^eare^ i and the said of for taxes shall, with the di-sale of such redtion of the commissioners of the treasury, cause the said sche-land tax. dules, or any parts or proportions thereof, to be from time to

time published in the newspapers usually circulated in the respective counties, ridings, stewartries, and places, where such proportions of land tax shall be charged, and shall, in such ad-verlisements, give notice of the times and places to be appointed for sale thereof, or any parcel or proportion thereof, in order that

all

Sess.

After March

1799* returns to be j made to of of the taxes of the land tax remaining unfold; such returns to be published by the said of, under direction of the

GOO^C

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 6o*

all persons desirous of purchasing such land tax may receive the necessary information.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every per- ^er^n^e*r fons and person, bodies, corporations, or companies, desirous of purchasing the land tax charged upon any manors, messuages, producetothe lands, tenements, or hereditaments aforesaid, shall make out relpetfiveJand and produce to the of of the land tax acting in and for the hundred, rape, lathe, wapentake, ward, or other divi- dales of the fion in England, (or if in Scotland\ to any two of of land tax which supply of the county or stewartry, or the chief magistrate of the they propose city or burgh), within which such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments are situate, a schedule or defer ip- coirmnfiloners tion in writing, containing the amount of the land tax he, (he, are to adjust, or they is or are desirous of purchasing, and the county, riding, and grant a or stewartry, and the parish, constablewick, or place, in which certificate the said land tax is charged; and the said respective of or chief magistrate respectively are hereby required to production of settle and adjust the amount of the land tax to be purchased, and which the to ascertain the particular parish, constablewick, or place, in of, which such land tax is charged, and where the case shall require m^ontradt the same, the particular manors, messuages, lands, tenements, for the sale; or hereditaments whereon the same is charged, and to grant a on the procertificate thereof in the form in the schedule to this act annexed, dilution of marked (A.), distinguishing the amount of each separate asseif- trfoMnd^er ment of land tax; and on the production of the said last-men- tifieate at the tioned certificate, the of especially appointed for the bank, and purposes of this act:, within the county, riding, stewartry, city, transferring borough, cinque port, town, or place, within which such ma- agreed nors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, are situate, for, or the first may contra<ft and agree for the sale of such land tax, according instalment, to the directions of this act, and subject to the power of redemp- the cashiers tion herein contained; and upon the production at the bank of ce^t^on the* England of such last mentioned contract and certificate, and up- registry or en-on the transfer to the commissioners for the reduction of the na- try of which, tional debt, of so much stock in either of the three pounds per w[th the com-centum bank annuities before mentioned, as shall be stated in such [^sOIJheS<ur contradf to be the consideration for the purchase of the land tax chafer lhaf^be therein mentioned, or of such proportion of such ftcck as shall entitled to re-have been agreed upon and settled in such contract to be trans- ceive the land ferred, as the first instalment, being not less than one fourth part ^rein Tfter^ of the whole amount of the stock so to be transferred as the directed sub-consideration of such purchase, the person or persons, bodies, jedt to recorporations, or companies, transferring such stock as last afore- demption by said, shall be entitled to have a certificate from the caf -

(hier or thSf, c"sons' entitled to

cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of Englandprcferellce of such transfer being made, which certificate the said cashier or cashiers is or are hereby required to give, and the same may either be endorsed on such contract, in the form prescribed in the schedule marked (C.), to this act annexed, or be distinct therefrom, as the governor and company of the bank of England shall judge expedient, or in such other form as the said governor

762 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 6c [1797.

and company shall devise; and upon the registry of such certificate with the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, all and every such persons or person, bodies, corporations, and companies, shall be entitled to demand, have, and receive, for his, her, or their own use, in the manner herein directed, the full amount of the land tax so purchased by him, her, or them as aforesaid, free of all charges and deductions whatever,; at the respective times, and in the respe<f\ive proportions herein directed: provided always, That the land tax so purchased shall be redeemable by the person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies respectively entitled to the benefit of preference in respect of their tenure in the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or claiming the same by, through, or under the!

Se&. 93. persons so entitled, at the period herein after mentioned for the redemption of the same.

Contrafh

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any land

made^b ^om tax be by au£h°n5 by virtue of this act, by the of missioners specially to be appointed as aforesaid, a contract ot

with the high- contrails shall be forthwith entered into with the said commis-eft bidder at a sioners by or on the behalf of the highest bidder or bidders at publick auc- such auction, specifying the amount of the land tax purchased, Ucm* and the consideration agreed to be paid for the same, and also

the county, riding, or stewartry, and the parish or place where such land tax shall be charged, according to the directions of this a6V, which last mentioned contract or contracts, being produced at the bank of England, shall be as effectual to entitle the puchaser or purchasers to proceed to the completion of such sale, as in cases of contracts entered into in the manner before directed.

The whole land tax charged on any place shall continue to be certified by the land tax commissioners, so long as any part remains payable to the King, or any puchaser; and such lands as shall not be exonerated shall continue subject to yearly alTcfT-ments, not exceeding 4s. in the pound; such remaining land tax to be raised as if the lands chargeable formed an entire parish, &c.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the whole of the land tax charged on any parish or place shall (notwithstanding the discharge of any part thereof) continue to be inserted in the certificates of assessment to be signed by the of of land tax, so long as any part of the proportion of land tax charged and chargeable in such parish or place shall remain payable in such parish or place, either to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or to any purchaser or purchasers thereof in pursuance of this act; and that all such manors, messuages, lands* tenements, or hereditaments, that shall not be exonerated, by virtue of this act, from the land tax, shall continue subject to a new assessment, yearly and from year to year, by an equal rate, according to the annual value of such manors, messuages, lands* tenements, or hereditaments, not exceeding in any year the rate of four shillings in the pound on such annual value; and that such part of the said land tax, which shall remain payable as aforesaid in any parish or place, shall be raised, levied, collected; and received, in such and the like form and manner, and under such penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, and according to such rules, methods, and directions* as if the manors* messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, charged with the land tax so remaining payable as aforesaid, formed an entire parish or place, and as are prescribed, directed, and appointed, by the act

of

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo Qftavo GEORGII III. c. 60. 763

of the present session of parliament with respe£f to the quota'of the collectors

each parish and place: provided always, That upon the delivery to return the r 1 -r r 1 r r i m rx c l amount of the

of the certificates and precepts to the federal collectors, for the iancitaxre-

raising, levying, collecting, and recovering, such part of the said deemed in

land tax as shall so remain payable in such parish or place, the each parish.

raid collectors shall be directed to return, in their schedule to the

receiver general for the county, riding, or place, the amount of the land tax which shall have been redeemed in such parish or

place, and from the payment of which such parish or place shall have been exonerated: provided also, That if any such lands,

tenements, or hereditaments, are situated in Scotland, the same shall continue subject to a new assessment yearly, and from year

to year, according to the rates and in the manner established by

law or custom in that country.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That every contract: en- Contracts for tered into in pursuance of this act for the redemption or sale of redemption of any land tax charged as aforesaid, shall, within four calendar be^giftered0 months after the making of such contract, and before the time within four appointed for transferring the quantity of (dock to be transferred months, and upon such contract for the second instalment thereof, be registered with the proper officer at the office to be appointed for that pur- ^d^nftalment pose by the said of for the affairs of taxes, which at the office of registers shall be made in books to be provided and kept by such of officer; and the said officer is hereby required to make out three ^r^du^i duplicates on parchment, fairly written, under his hand and seal, cates to be* of the several amounts of the said land tax so redeemed and ex- made and re-onerated, or so redeemed or purchased as aforesaid, and not ex- turned, one to onerated but remaining chargeable, distinguishing the several ^eraToFthe parishes and places where the same shall have been assessed, and county, oneto to deliver or cause to be delivered one of such duplicates to the of receiver general for the county, riding, or place where such land of land tax in tax shall have been charged, and one other of such duplicates ^d^oneriin<to, to the of of land tax acting for the division where the parish or place in which such land tax shall have been charged quer. is situated, and a like duplicate into the office of the King's remembrancer of the exchequer, whenever the same shall be required.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every copy of any Copies of reregister of any contract made in pursuance of this act, or assign-

merit thereof, registered according to the directions of this act, contracts, with the proper officer to be appointed for that purpose, which shall be signed by him, shall be allowed in all courts and places, and before all persons, to be good and sufficient evidence of such contract or assignment thereof respectively.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the receiver gene- Receiver ge- ral of or for any county, riding, or place in England, and the nerah &c. on collector of or for any county, fbeWartry, burgh, town, or place, the contract° in Scotland, where any such land tax shall femain chargeable as shall pay the aforesaid, after the same shall have been redeemed or purchased purchaser or as aforesaid, or his deputy or deputies, shall, before such land tax shall become due and payable, that is to say, On the twen- amount of the

Vol. XLL E E E tieth land tax pur-

764 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. [1797.

chafed, on tieth day of September, for the half year ending on the twenty-

and^rch i6° ^ay of September, and on the sixteenth day of March, for

sn every year! year ending on the twenty-fifth day of March in every

year, upon demand, and upon production of the contract, whenever the receiver general or his deputy in England, or collector in Scotland, shall require the same, pay or cause to he paid to the purchaser or purchasers thereof, or the executors, administrators, or assigns, of such purchaser or purchasers respectively, the full amount of the land tax so purchased as aforesaid, free of all charges and deductions whatever, without fee or reward, out of any money in the hands of any such receiver or collector arising from the produce of the land tax, if he shall have so much in his hands, and if such receiver or collector shall not have sufficient money in his hands arising out of the land tax as aforesaid, then out of any other monies in the hands of such receiver or collector arising from any other rates and duties payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and receivable and received by him as such receiver or collector as aforesaid: provided, That such monies of any other rates and duties shall be replaced by such receiver or collector out of the first monies that shall be received by him of the land tax arising the reafter in such county, riding, stewartry, city, borough, cinque port, town, or place.

Proprietors

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful may assign the for the proprietors for the time being of any land tax which shall chafecfbv Ur* ^ave t>een purchased in pursuance of this act, to fell, dispose of, them (sche- and transfer the same, in the manner, and subject to the rules dule(D.), and and conditions herein after mentioned, and that the assign ment a memorial of thereof shall be in writing, in the form specified in the schedule mLit^hall*be ^ereunt0 annexed, marked (D.); and on every such alignment, and also in every case where any alignment shall be made of any land tax in pursuance of any claim or demand by virtue of this act, the assignment of such land tax shall be produced to the proper officer to be appointed for that purpose, who shall enter a memorial of such assignment in a book or books to be provided and kept for that purpose, and shall certify the entry of such memorial by an indorsement on such assignment; and where any person or persons shall, in right or by virtue of his or their mar-registeraffida- riage, become entitled to any land tax which shall have been re-viu thereof, deemed or purchased in pursuance of this act, an affidavit, con-and execu- taining a copy of the register of such marriage, shall be made

enter ^ro an(^worn to or affirmed by some credible person, before a judge

bateL^&c" one of h*s Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or be-

Duplicates of fore a matter in chancery in England, or one of the judges of inch entries to the court of session in Scotland, or a magistrate or baillie of some corporate town, or one of his Majesty's justices of the Peace' an(^ transmitted to such officer as aforesaid, who shall pay such shall make an entry thereof in the book or books which shall be

assignees, &c. kept for entering memorials of alignments of such land tax, and such officer shall, upon the application of the person or persons entitled to such land tax, grant to him, her, or them, a certificate

entered with the proper officer to be appointed, with whom persons, becoming entitled to land tax by marriage, shall

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. 76

ficate of such entry; and where any person or persons shall, as executor or executors, administrator or administrators, of any person deceased, become entitled to any such land tax, the probate of the will or testamentary instrument or letters of administration, under which such person or persons shall be so entitled, shall be produced and shewn to such officer, who shall enter the same, and grant a certificate thereof in manner aforesaid; and such officer is hereby required to make out a duplicate of every such certificate, fairly written under his hand, and to deliver or cause to be delivered such duplicate to the receiver general in England, or collector in Scotland, for the county, riding, stewartry, or place, wherein such land tax shall be charged; and after the delivery of such duplicate to such receiver general, or his deputy or deputies, or to fujeh collector, the person or persons to whom any such land tax shall have been transferred or transmitted as aforesaid, shall, upon the production of such certificate to such receiver general, or his deputy or deputies, or such collector, be entitled to demand, have, and receive, for his, her, or their own use, the full amount of the land tax which shall be specified and mentioned in such certificate, free of all charges and deductions whatever, and in the same manner, in all respects, as if he, she, or they, had been the original puchaser or purchasers of such land tax, and the receipt or receipts of such person or persons shall be a sufficient discharge to such receiver general, or his deputy or deputies, and collector, for the same: provided always, That wherever, by reason of any Where af-assignee not having declared such option as herein-before is signee does mentioned in the alignment of any land tax, the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, charged therewith, ian(js to shall be exonerated therefrom, such officer is hereby required to exonerated* transmit the like duplicates as herein-before directed in cases where any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, shall be exonerated from the land tax charged thereon in pursuance of the original contract.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any person who Where pur-shall have entered into any contract with the said of, chafers die specially to be appointed for the purposes of this at, for the re- kefore com-demption or purchase of any land tax, shall die before the trans- tracts*" the* fer of all the instalments of flock contrated to be made by him payments due or her, without having made any provision, by will or otherwise, shall be confi-how the future instalments shall be made good, then and in such, dPre-

case the future instalments shall be paid out of the assets of the dcebt to person so dying, as a debt to his Majesty upon record, and the King; on reexecutors or administrators of the person so dying, and the truf- cord; and on tee or trustees, guardian or guardians, curator or curators of any

infant, minor, or other person entitled to the estate and effects tutors of the persons so dying, shall he indemnified against such infant may fell and or minor, and all other persons whomsoever, for making good assign thecon-the instalments necessary to complete the said contrail, and if tract, of which such executor or administrator, trustee, curator, or guardian, fhalfha^all shall not have assets for that purpose, then they shall and may, the benefit.

E E E 2 and

766 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. [1797.

and they are hereby respectively authorised and empowered to fell, assign, and dispose of the said contract in the manner and form herein after directed; and the person or persons to whom such contract shall be aligned, shall be bound to complete the same upon the same terms and conditions, by the same instalments, and at the same periods, and in the same manner, and have and be entitled to the same benefits and advantages, as the person so dying would have been bound to complete the same, and would have been entitled to, in case he or she had been then living.

LXXX. Provided always, That the said respective courts of exchequer may, in all such cases, give the like relief by enlarging the time for making good any future instalment or instalments, as they are hereby authorised to do in cases of forfeiture through the default of the party.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That where any person, body, corporation, or company, shall have redeemed any land tax out of the monies arising from the sale or mortgage of any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or from the grant of any rent charge thereout, under and by virtue of this a#, and shall have declared his, her, or their option to be considered on the footing of a purchaser thereof as aforesaid, in every such case the land tax So redeemed shall continue and be attendant upon the estate and interest of the person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, who shall for the time be-

Courts of exchequer may enlarge the time for payment of instalments.

Sech 96, 97. Where persons redeeming the land tax by sale of part of their lands, &c. shall declare their option to be considered as purchasers, the land tax so

redeemedshallnS beneficially enthled to the rents and profits of the said

manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and shall be payable by the receiver general in England, or collector in Scotland, his deputy or deputies, for the benefit of Such person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies; and the receipt or receipts of the person or persons who shall for the time being be in the a#ual perception of the rents and profits of the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, shall be a sufficient discharge to such receiver general or collector, or his deputy or deputies, for such land tax.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That if the receiver general in England, or collector in Scotland, of any county, riding, stewartry, or place, where any such land tax shall be purchased, as a specifick charge upon any particular estate, shall neglect or refuse to pay to the purchaser or purchasers of such land tax, or the executors, administrators, or assigns, of such purchaser or purchasers respectively, the full amount of the land tax so purchased as aforesaid, the same being lawfully demanded of such receiver general or collector, or his deputy, in the manner before diretsted, at or after the time before limited for such payment, it shall be lawful for such purchaser or purchasers, or the executors, administrators, or assigns, of such purchaser or purchasers, to cause notice of such default to be given to the occupier or occupiers of the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, on which, the land tax So purchased case the occu- shall be charged, and fuc.h occupier or occupiers shall be obliged

to

be attendant on the estate of such purchasers, and payable to them by the receiver general.

If the receiver general. &c. refutes to pay the land tax to any purchaser, the occupier of the lands charged shall pay it, unless previously paid (for want of notice) to the collector, or unless the value of the estate is reduced; in which latter

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. 767

to pay the same upon like demand, unless such occupier or oc- pier shall not cupiers shall have previously paid the same, for want of such no- be to tice to the collector or collectors of the parish or place wherein the

such land tax shall arise, or unless the yearly value of the etate pound on his whereon such land tax shall have been charged, (estimating such rack rent; or value by the rack rents, and the highest improvements made °fa ba tement*0 f" such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments), |anfj ux shall be reduced, so that the estate shall be charged with a higher such sum on?y rate than four shillings in the pound on such value, in which case as shall then the occupier or occupiers shall not be liable to the payment of^hereon^to any greater sum than after the rate of four shillings in the pound be recovered on such value, or unless the land tax charged on such manors, offuchoccu-messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, shall by any abate- pier as rent, ment thereof be reduced to a sum less than the sum charged on In case of re-the same manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, dudlion of the at the time of the purchase, in which case such occupier or oc- Estate °theC cupiers shall not be liable to the payment of any greater sum than purchaser of the sum charged on such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, the land tax or hereditaments, at the time when such demand shall be made; may have his and in case of neglet or refusal by such occupier or occupiers to receive1 a* pay the land tax so payable as aforesaid, such occupier or occu- sum adequate piers not having before paid the same, all the remedies which to the defi-may be pratifed by any leffors or landlords shall be applied and cjency of the put in execution for the recovery of any land tax purchased in much* per ° pursuance of this at, as fully and effectually as if all such reme- cent aS dies were severally and separately re-enacted in the body of this will produce act: provided always, That in case of any diminution of the sum i-jthori-ioth to be paid by such occupier or occupiers to the purchaser or pur- fachVeficien-chafers of any land tax, his* her, or their executors, adminif- cy> according trators, or assigns, by reason of such reduction in the value of to the original the estate charged therewith, such purchaser or purchasers, his, contract, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, shall have the option of continuing to receive a sum necessary to complete in each year the whole annual amount of the land tax originally purchased, or of receiving back from the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt so much capital stock in the three pounds per centum bank annuities originally transferred, in pursuance of the contract:, as shall-yield an interest exceeding the amount of the sum by which the land tax originally purchased shall have been diminished by one tenth part, or one fifth part, or other proportion thereof, according to the terms of the original contract; and the said of are hereby authorised and required, on the production of the certificate of the commissioners for executing the act of the present session and this at, of such abatement, or an attested copy thereof, (which certificate or copy the said last mentioned of are hereby required to give, after making any allowance of such abatement), to transfer such capital stock to such person or persons as aforesaid.

tXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any receiver Receiver ge-general in England, or colletor in Scotland, of or for any county, r^fusing riding* stewartry, or place, where any such land tax shall be to pay ian(j

E E E 3 purchased tax to a pnr-

the party grieved.

768 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. [1797.

chafer, 'to for-purchased as aforesaid, or his deputy, shall (having sufficient feit 100l. to money in his hands arilen out of the land tax, or out of any other rates or duties receivable*by him as such receiver general or collector) wilfully neglect or refuse to pay to the purchaser or purchasers, or the heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns of such purchaser or purchasers, within the time herein-before limited, the full amount of the land tax so purchased as aforesaid, free of all charges and deductions whatever, and without fee or reward, such receiver general or collector shall forfeit and pay to the party grieved the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered as herein after is directed.

LXXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every receiver general or his deputy in England, and every collector in Scotland, and every collector of any parish or place in England, paying any such land tax to any person or persons, appearing by any register kept by the proper officer to be appointed for that purpose, under the direction of this act, or by the certificate of such officer, to be the person entitled to such land tax, shall be indemnified in making such payment, notwithstanding any defect of title in the person or persons receiving the same.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That where any purchase shall be made of any land tax as a specifick charge on any particular manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or where any person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, entitled to preference, shall have made his, her.

Receiver general paying to the perfoti appearing by the register to be entitled, shall be indemnified.

Where land tax is purchased, and any abatement takes place, the re-

toTnLJ^ood or t^r °pfi°n? to considered on the footing of a third person the deficiency purchasing the land tax, and any abatement shall afterwards take

tO the pur- 1 n fKn fit» rvi nVt 'i nh \-> £* f i mn r\ f fi i r* Vi rvi i rr'k n To f ko ro

chafer, unless he has received back an equivalent in flock.

place in the sum charged at the time of such purchase, the receiver general in England, or collector in Scotland^ of or for the county, riding, stewartry, or place, within which such land tax is charged, is hereby authorised and required, upon the production of the certificate of the commissioners for executing the act of the present session of parliament and this act, of such abatement, or an attested copy thereof, to pay the full amount thereof, free of all charges and deductions whatever, and without fee or reward, to such person or persons as aforesaid, in like manner, and out of such monies, and at such times of payment as is herein directed for the payment of the whole of the land tax purchased, unless such person or persons shall have received back a propor-Seefedl.8a.86. tion Df capital stock in lieu of such abatement, according to the provisions of this act.

Where pur*

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any purchase is made _chafe shall be made of any land tax as a specifick charge on any enth^edTon0t Part'cu^ar e^ate or estate$5 by any person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, other than the persons entitled to preference as aforesaid, then such person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies may, at his, her, or their election, ..'^v inilead of receiving the amount of such abatement from the remit of ceiver general or collector, demand of and from the of mtr- for the reduction of the national debt, a transfer of so much 0,: i l, ie capital stock in the three pounds per centum bank annuities, as*r shall

preference, ibe purchaser -v. m his

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 6o. 769

shall yield an interest exceeding the amount of such abatement by neral, demand one fifth part, or one tenth part, or other proportion thereof, ?^va^ent according to the terms of the original contract, and the said of are hereby authorised and required, on the production of the certificate of such abatement herein-before mentioned, or an attested copy thereof, to transfer such capital stock to such person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies as aforesaid.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if the receiver On refusal of general in England of any county, riding, or place, where any ^eraUo^av land tax shall remain chargeable, after the same hath been pur- the land tax chafed in pursuance of this act, shall neglect or refuse to pay to toaproprie-the respective purchasers of such land tax, or the executors, ad- for the col-ministrators, or assigns of such purchasers respectively, the ^u^, t giVen n°" amount of the land tax so purchased as aforesaid, the same being pay the lawfully demanded of such receiver general, or his deputy, at or same, after the time before limited for such payment in manner before (See fedt. 8z.) directed, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for such proprietors respectively, or their respective executors, administrators, or assigns, to cause notice of such default to be given to the collector for the time being of the said land tax, for the parish or place where such land tax shall have been charged, and also of his, her, or their intention to receive the land tax in future from such collector, and on such notice every such puchaser, his or her executors, administrators, or assigns, shall be entitled to receive the amount of such land tax from such collector accordingly.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any If the receiver abatement shall take place in England in the land tax purchased as a specifick charge on any particular estate or estates, or by the^amount of any persons entitled to preference, who shall have made their abatement, option to be considered on the footing of third persons purchas- the collector ing the land tax, if the receiver general of the county, riding, pay the or place, shall neglect or refuse to pay to any of the persons en- ame* titled to such land tax the full amount of such abatement, the same being lawfully demanded of such receiver general, or his deputy or deputies, at or after the time before limited for such payment, then and in every such last mentioned case it shall be lawful for such person or persons to cause the like notice to be given to the collector for such parish or place as aforesaid, to entitle him, her, or them, to receive from such collector the amount of such abatement.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every such col- Collector ledtor, for any parish or place in England, on the production of pay proprietor the contract for the purchase of such land tax, with the certifi- product cate of the registry thereof, or an attested copy of such certificate, tion of the is hereby authorised and required, within ten days after he shall contract and have received the same, and after such notice shall be given as certificate of aforesaid, and so from time to time as any land tax shall be pay- ancHofroia able to such person or persons, to pay or cause to be paid to such time to time purchaser or purchasers, his, her, or their executors* adminif- totime, unlef*

e e £ 4. trators, he have

whole receipt, without notice, to the receiver general.

770 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. [1797.

pud over his trators, or assigns, the full amount of the land tax so purchased as aforesaid, or in case of any abatement therein, the amount of such abatement, free of all charges and deductions whatever, and without fee or reward, out of any money in the hands of such collector arising from the produce of the land tax, or out of the first monies which shall come into his hands, arising from the produce of the land tax in such parish or place, unless such collector shall, for want of such notice as aforesaid, have paid the whole of the land tax charged in such parish or place to the receiver general of the county, riding, or place, within which such parish or place is situate, at the time of any such demand being made; and the receipt of the purchaser or purchasers, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, shall from time to time be a good and sufficient discharge to such collector for the amount of the land tax or abatement thereof so paid, and shall be taken by the respective receivers as cash, and returned by them as such into the receipt of the exchequer; and in case of neglect or default by such collector to pay such land tax, such collector not having before paid the same, all the remedies which may be had or practised by any receiver general on behalf of his Majesty, or by the commissioners for executing the act of the present session of parliament, or this act, shall be applied and put in execution by the person or persons entitled to such land tax, against such collector or collectors, his, her, or their estate or effects, as fully and effectually as if all such remedies were severally and reflectively re-enacted in the body of this act.

XC. And be it further enacted, That if any such collector of any parish or place in England where such land tax shall be purchased, (having sufficient money in his hands, arising out of the land tax charged on such parish or place, receivable and received by him as such collector), shall at any time or times, after such notice given as Iaft-mentioned, neglect or refuse to pay to the purchaser or purchasers of any such land tax, or the executors, administrators, or assigns of such purchaser or purchasers, within the time herein-before limited, the full amount of the land tax so purchased, or any such abatement thereof as aforesaid, free of all charges and deductions whatever, and without fee or reward, the same being first: lawfully demanded as aforesaid, such collector shall forfeit and pay to the party aggrieved the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered as herein after is directed.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That upon every contract entered into as aforesaid, upon which the transfer of (lock shall be made by instalments, there shall be paid at the time of making the second instalment upon such contract, and so of every sub-iequent instalment upon such contract, into the hands of the cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, (whose receipt shall be a sufficient discharge), to the use of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, a sum of money by way of interest, equal to the amount of the land tax redeemed

Proprietor's receipts shall be the collector's discharge, and taken as cash of him.

Proprietor shall be entitled to all the remedies as a receiver general.

Collector re* fusing to pay, after notice, to forfeit 20l. to the party grieved.

On the transfer of the second and all other in Raiments of Rock, the purchaser of land tax ill all pay, by way of inte-reR, a pro-

portion of the or purchased, deducting therefrom a sum bearing the same pro-, deemed*.^portion to such land tax, as the amount of the (lock before then

transferred

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. 771

transferred bears to the whole amount of the flock agreed to be transferred on such contract, having regard to the time when the first dividend after the transfer of fu£h flock will become payable; of which sums so to be paid by way ofinterest, a separate account shall be kept at the bank of England, and the same shall from time to time be paid separately into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and shall be applicable to such uses and purposes as shall then have been or shall be voted by the commons in parliament.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That the land tax, or any Land tax part or parcel thereof, purchased under and by virtue of this act, ot

loy any person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, entitled to not entitled to preference as aforesaid, shall not be subject to re- preference, demption until the period when the dividends arising from the shall not he purchases of flock made by the commissioners for the reduction [h^d^d^nds of such part of the national debt, which existed previous to the on tjle stock commencement of the present war, shall, according to the true purchased for intent and meaning of the acts now in force, cease to accumu- redyeing the late, and be considered as redeemed and in the disposition of exifbng^pre^ parliament. # vious to the

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the war, shall

period herein last before-mentioned, and at any time during three cea^e to accu*

years then next ensuing, all and every persons and person, bodies, mu d e*

corporations, and companies, being in the poflfeflion of, or bene-

facially entitled to any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or [^ree yearSf

hereditaments, charged with any land tax, which shall have been persons pof-

purchased under and by virtue of this act, shall, in the order in fefied of or

which they respectively shall be entitled to the benefit of redeem- entitled to

.\ J.r r r 1 lands charged

ing their land tax, according to the rate or preference for the wph ]ancj tax

redemption herein-before mentioned, be entitled to treat with the purchased

of specially appointed for the redemption of such land under this

tax, or any part or parcel thereof, in such and the like manner, 1n

in all respects, as he, she, or they might have done within the preference,

period first herein-before limited, and the said of are be entitled to

hereby authorised to contract and agree with him, her, or them redeem the

respectively, for the redemption of such land tax, or any part or

parcel thereof, upon the same terms and conditions, and in like (under

manner in all respects, as if such contracts had been made within fed. 12, 13),

the period hrft herein-before limited, provided that he, (lie, or giving notice

they shall, within twenty-one days after the making of such con- 0/such^re*

trad, give notice in writing to the receiver general in England, demption to

or collector in Scotland, of the county, riding, Aewartry, or place, receiver gene-

-within which such land tax shall be charged, of such redemption w'nq

as aforesaid, specifying in such notice the amount of the land tax ^e"°tl^to

so redeemed, the -parish or place within which, and the manors, tors^aUpay-

messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, upon which the ments to"

same is charged, and such receiver general or collector is hereby whom shall

required to cause notice in writing of such redemption to be ^he^e/fuin1'-

given to the original purchaser or purchasers of such land tax, qUirter.

his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, or to the person or persons then entitled to receive the same from the said

receiver

772

Commissioners for reducing the national debt, shall thereupon transfer to such proprietor so much of 3 per cent, flock as was transferred for the original purchase; or, at 'the option of such proprietor, pay the value of such hock according to the price at the time of transferring the ft! it instal-rnent; which price fn.-ill be it'd or feel on the comrade.

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. [1797.

receiver general or collector of such land tax as aforesaid, as herein-before mentioned, whenever he, flie, or they shall next demand the fastie; and all payments to such original purchasers on account of the land tax so redeemed, shall cease and determine from the end of the quarter of the year next ensuing such notice.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt, on application made to them by the original purchaser or purchasers of any land tax redeemed as aforesaid, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, and on production to the said of of the original contract of purchase of such land tax, or assignfnent thereof, or certificate of any alignment thereof, or copy, made under the authority of this act, of any such certificate, and of the notice given to such purchaser or purchasers, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, by the receiver general or collector of the county, riding, or place, within which such land tax is charged, of the redemption thereof, or any part thereof, shall transfer to him, her, or them, so much capital stock in the three pounds per centum bank annuities as shall have been transferred by such original purchaser or purchasers, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, as the consideration for the purchase of such land tax, or such part thereof as shall be in proportion to the land tax redeemed, or at his, her, or their option, shall pay to him, her, or them a sum of money equal to what was the value of such capital stock at the time of the transfer of the first instalment on such contract, which value the cashier or cashiers of the bank of England is or are hereby required to indorse on such contract at the time of such transfer being made, and such contract shall thereupon be determined and of noeffect, as to so much of the land tax which shall be so redeemed.

On minding XCV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any land for ralcrn^ tax Pure'na^e^ under and by virtue of this act shall be afterwards tion, the lands redeemed in pursuance of this act, and the whole of the capital subject to the stock contracted for as the consideration of such redemption, or land tax re- such part thereof as shall have been contracted for on account of exonerated^ ln^a^ment5 shall have been transferred to the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt, and all other matters and things herein-before directed as to contracts of redemption made within the period first herein-before limited, been duly performed, the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments comprised in such contract, shall be wholly freed and exonerated from the land tax charged thereon, and from all further assessments thereof, and such land tax shall be no longer payable to the receiver general or collector of the county, riding, stewartry, or place, within which such land tax shall be charged, nor by such receiver general or collector to the purchaser or purchasers thereof, after notice of such redemption, unless such contract shall become null and void on failure of making good any instalment contracted and agreed for thereon as herein after mentioned.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. 773

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- Where persons, after entering into any (itch contract as aforesaid for the ^on* or redemption or purchase of any such land tax, shall afterwards COmpletetheir refuse or neglect to complete the same by the due and regular contract it transfer of the several instalments agreed to be made thereon, frail become then and in every such case, and immediately after default shall be made in the transfer of any of the said instalments, such jj. ^as ceased, contract shall become null and void, and the whole of the land shall be reviv-tax so con traded for (in case the same shall have ceased by virtue ed, and be of this act) shall be revived, and again become chargeable on the a^n^n^fold*manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, whereon ancj the con- the same was charged prior to such contract, and such land tax trador mak-(whether the same shall have been redeemed or purchased) shall tag default be again aflested, raised, levied, and collected for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or be again sold by the of specially appointed for the purposes of this act, in the menu same manner as if such contract had not been entered into, and the person or persons so making default shall, for the non-performance of such contract, be subject to a penalty not exceeding the amount of the value of the flock agreed to be transferred for the first instalment.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That where any contract Courts of ex-shall become forfeited, it shall be lawful for the courts of exche- ^landor quer in England and Scotland respectively, on the application of Scotland may the person or persons who shall have incurred such penalty, or relieve against any other person or persons who may be prejudiced by such de- such forfei-fault, by petition to be preferred in a summary way, dating the tures* grounds of such application, to enlarge the time for the making good any subsequent instalment or instalments, and to grant such relief to the party or parties as to the said courts respectively shall seem meet, upon payment of all costs, and upon such other terms and conditions as to such courts respectively shall appear reasonable.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That every contract entered into and made, under and by virtue of this act, shall be assignable by indorsement made thereon, in the form contained in the schedule marked (D.), and where the alignment is only a part of the land tax comprised in such original contract, then by a like form to be indorsed upon an attested copy of such original contract, specifying the proportion of the land tax so to be assigned, and the premises upon which the same is charged, which alignment and alignments shall be registered, and duplicates thereof delivered in such and the like manner, in all respects, as is herein-before described with respect to the original contract entered into under and by virtue of this act.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That all land tax which shall be redeemed or purchased in pursuance of this act, except where the same shall be discharged by virtue of this act, or in cases where other provisions are made by this act, shall be deemed personal estate, and transmissible as such, and not of the nature of real estate.

Contracts may be assigned and registered.

Sed. 78.

Land tax redeemed or purchased under this 2# to be personal estate, except in certain cases. (See feet. 3^. 40*)

774 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. [1797.

In case of contia&s becoming void, Grangers may, on application to the exchequer, make good the lame, and hand in the place of the original purchasers.

Sea. 96.

C. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where any contract shall have become null and void, in manner hereinbefore described, it Avail be lawful for any person or ersons, although not interested therein, by leave of, and under and subject to the directions of the said respective courts of exchequer, on application made in a summary way, to contract with the of specially appointed for the purposes of this act, for the making; good all such instalments as shall remain due at the time of such contract becoming null and void as aforesaid, and on transferring to the person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies interested therein, the quantity of capital stock that shall have been transferred under such contract, or paying the value thereof, in futh manner, and to such person or persons as the said respective courts of exchequer shall direct, and upon making good the instalments that shall remain due as aforesaid, and upon such registry and delivery of duplicates in manner herein-before directed in cases of alignment of contracts, such person or persons shall thenceforth be considered as the purchaser or purchasers of the land tax mentioned in such contract, and shall be entitled to all such benefits, advantages, and payments, as if he, she, or they had originally contracted for the purchase thereof, subject to such redemption thereof as is herein directed with respect to any purchaser or purchasers at the period herein after mentioned.

Where no Cl. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where any

tion isPmade" contra(^ made under and by virtue of this act shall have become within three null and void as aforesaid, and no application to the said respective months, and courts of exchequer shall have been made within three calendar the penalty months from the time of such default, in manner hereiivbefore contrails not ^re(^ec^? by any person or persons not interested in such contract, sued for the nor any prosecution for the penalty shall have been brought, it of shall be lawful for the commissioners for the reduction of the

for reducing national debt, and they are hereby required to reserve to the use debt^may1*1 Fu*'c^ Part of t^ie capital stock transferred under

retain the such contract as shall be equal to the penalty incurred, and on

penalty out demand thereof made, to transfer the remainder of such capital

flock to the person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, ferreVVncl jnt€re^e<J in such stock, his, her, or their executors, administra-retransfer the tors, or assigns.

remainder to CII. And be it further enacted, That the governor and direc-the purchaser. tors Gf the bank of England shall, and they are hereby required

Bank to open an account of the sale of the land tax, and receive monies, and make entries accordingly.

S(edt. 30.

If any aflHT-ment of the

to open an account in their books under the title of u An Account of the Sale of the Land Tax5' as before directed, and to carry to the credit of such account the monies directed to be paid into the bank of England-) upon the said account, and the cashier or cashiers of the bank of England is and are hereby required to accept and receive all such monies from any person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies aforesaid, and to make entries thereof in the books of the bank of England to be-provided for that purpose.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That if any assessment of land

tax*

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. 77

tax, which shall continue to be charged in pursuance of this act, land tax shall shall at anytime hereafter be found to exceed the rate of four ^ee^sj shillings in the pound on the annual value of such manors, mef- abatement fuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, the same shall be shall be made, subject to an abatement in the manner in such cases directed by and afleiT-the said act of the present session of parliament; and that after ^ordb^ such abatement made, an assessment specifying such abatement

shall be made thereof accordingly; and the of making such assessment, shall cause duplicates thereof to be returned to the said receivers general, the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, and the offices of the King's remembrancer at JVejbninJier and Edinburgh respectively, in the manner therein directed in other cases of assessments.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That where any manors, Where lands messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments which now are toother shall rated together, and chargeable with the payment of one gross be hereafter sum by way of land tax, (and which land tax shall be purchased divided, the and continued payable, and be collected under the regulations land tax con-contained in this act), shall hereafter be separated or divided, and mi^tfhalfbfe come into the possession of different persons prior % o the time apportioned when such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments by the land shall be exonerated therefrom by virtue of this act, then and in tax commis-every such case the of of land tax afling in or for the eithe^o/the^division wherein such land tax shall be charged, if in England, or posseffors shall the of of supply acting for the county, stewartry, or be called on to place, if in Scotland, or any two or more of them, shall cause such PaY the whole land tax to be apportioned as between such persons respectively, recover according to the value of their respective estates, and to assess and from the other charge the proportions in which their respective estates shall bear his portion as and sustain the same, or if in Scotland according to the rules and rent due. regulations followed there in the division of Cumulo valued rents; and in case any one of such persons shall, at any time or times after such land tax shall be apportioned, be compelled to pay the whole of the said land tax, or more than his or her due proportion thereof, such person or persons shall and may, and is and are hereby authorised and empowered to demand of and from the person or persons who, under such assessment, ought to have paid the same, such sum or sums of money as he, she, or they shall have been compelled to pay over and above his, her, or their due proportion of such land tax, and on refusal to pay the same, to proceed for the recovery thereof in the same manner, in all respects, as leftors or landlords can or may, by virtue of any laws or acts now in force in England and Scotland respectively, proceed for the recovery of rent in arrear. When the

CV. And be it further enacted, That whenever, in any parish j^tax^in C or place, separately assessed to the land tax, the whole of the land any parish is tax charged upon the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or redeemed, hereditaments in such parish or place, shall have been redeemed, and the parish and all the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments all°asse(rmenU in such parish or place shall be exonerated, under and by virtue thereof thall

of cease.

776

The filtered on 3 percents, transferred tinder this act

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. [1797.

of this act, from the payment of any sum or sums of money as land tax, all act'eflinents in such parish or place, by virtue of this act, shall cease and determine.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That when any capital stock to commit- three pounds per centum bank annuities shall, by virtue of

sioners for re- this act, be transferred to the commissioners for the reduction of

during the the national debt, the interest or dividend which would have been

shall not be*Paya^e on 11°°^ shall front thenceforth cease to be issued issued from from receipt of the exchequer, or to be charged on the con-

the exche- folidated fund, and the money which would have been applicable

quer; but re- to the payment thereof shall remain and be a part of the growing the ^owln* °^Proc^uce consolitated fund, to be applied in such manner as

produce of the parliament shall from time to time direct. consolidated fund, disposeable by parliament.

But when CVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever any

stock is trans- capital stock shall be transferred by the said of to any ferred by the person or persons in pursuance of this act, the dividends shall again ftonersTo^any PaYa^e thereon in the same manner as if the same had never one, the di-been transferred to the said of vidends shall again be payable.

Duties on CVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several duties

malt by 27 imposed on malt, by an act made in the twenty-seventh year of 3* Cu13^ the reign of his present Majesty; on sugar, by three acts of the 27 Geo. 3^twenty-seventh, thirty-fourth, and thirty-seventh years of the reign c. 13. 34 Geo. of his present Majesty; and the duties of excise.x>n tobacco and 3. c. 4. and 37 snuff, by an act made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of ^d°*lie*duties Pre^ent Majesty, shall continue in force until the twenty-fifth

day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer, but shall from thenceforth cease and determine, except as to arrears due, or to grow due, unless the same shall be specially continued by parliament.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That the several sums of money arising from the produce of the duty by this act made perpetual as aforesaid, which shall be paid into th, e receipt of the land tax after exchequer in any year after the said twenty-fifth day of March March 25, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, (Tin 11 from time to ^rt of°he 6 ^me carr^ec^ to ar, d ma^e Part of the consolidated fund, consolidated CX. And be it further enacted, That no contract entered into fund. with the said of specially to be appointed by virtue of

No contracts, this act, nor any certificate or receipt given under and by virtue receipts, cer- of this act, nor any assignment thereof, shall be liable to any (lamp duty whatever.

CXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever any notice, required to be given by this act, cannot be delivered to the person or persons to whom such notice is Notices under directed, it shall be sufficient for the party obliged to give such this act may notice, to leave the same at the last most usual place of abode of the person or persons to whom such notice is to be given, if such person shall be in Great Britain; or if such person shall be beyond the seas, then to publish the same in the London Gazette.

of excise'on tobacco, by 29 Geo. 3. c. 68. to determine from March 25, 1799-

Produce of

tificates, or assignments, under this act, liable to stamp duty,

be left at the parties houses; or if they are abroad, published in the Gazette.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii IN. c. 60. 777

CXII. And be it further enacted, That the manors* messuages, Lands fold lands* tenements, or hereditaments, which shall be sold by audfion uncJer tJl's according to the provisions of this act, shall be exempt from any from duty on duty payable on sales by auctions. auctions.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to Treasury may and for the' lords of of his Majesty's treasury, or any Pay salaries three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time ^ndei^thi^ad: being, to order and direct any sum or sums of money to be issued out of annual and paid out of any aids orfupplies granted, or to be granted, by supplies, not parliament for the service of the year in which suchexpences shall exceeding 3d. 4e incurred, for the payment of salaries to of, clerks, comP°UnCl and officers, and for discharging such incidental expences as shall mifl]0herson necessarily attend the execution of this act, in such manner as the land tax fold, said lords of, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer, shall from time to time think fit and reasonable in that behalf: provided always, That no greater sum shall be paid to the of specially to be appointed for the pur-ppfes of this act, for any county, riding, stewartry, city, borough, cinque port, town, or place, than after the rate of three-pence in the pound on the amount of the land tax sold by them, to be applied and paid to and amongst them in equal proportions: provided also, That an account of all such expences shall be annually Account of laid before parliament: provided also, That such expences shall be^idlLfore not be liable to account otherwise than before the said com- parliament, missioners of the treasury or lord high treasurer.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be ^iffioners7or lawful for any two of the commissioners for the reduction of the reducing national debt for the time being, to execute and do all matters the national and things which by this act the commissioners for the reduction debt, suffi-of the national debt are required and empowered to do. c, ent ^or f

CXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the

acceptance of a commission from his Majesty in pursuance of this Acceptance act, for the purpose of felling the land tax, in any county, riding, of com-stewartry, city, borough, cinque port, town, or place, shall not missions under vacate the feat of any person returned to serve in parliament, nor tJlls not shall the election of any person who shall have accepted such com- parliament3 million, be in any manner impeached thereby of made void; any law or statuteto the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That all penalties and for- Penalties to feitures to be sued for by the party aggrieved by virtue of this act, Pities griev-shall and may be sued for by action of debt or on the case in any beVue^for ° of his Majesty's courts of la win England and Scotland respecti vely, holding pleas to the amount of forty shillings, in which action or Cods to suit the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be entitled to his, her, or their plaintiffs, full costs, as in other cases in the said courts; and that one moiety of all pecuniary penalties and forfeitures hereby imposed, other Other penal-than to the party aggrieved, shall, if sued for within the space of in fix six calendar months from the time of such penalties pr forfeitures months^ half being incurred, be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and to the crown, the other moiety thereof, with full costs of suit, to the person or and half to persons who shall inform or sue for the same within the time the "lfQrmer-

aforesaid,

Attorney general, &c. may ft ay proceedings

After six months,

name of the attorney general, See, and be paid to of of taxes, who may reward the informer.

778 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. [1797.

aforesaid, and which shall and may be, sued for in his Majesty's court of exchequer at Westminster, ior offences committed in England, ox in his Majesty's court of exchequer in Scotland for offences committed in Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoign, privilege, protection, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance shall be allowed; but never-theiefs it shall be lawful for his Majesty's attorney general in England, or his Majesty's advocate in Scotland, in case it shall appear to his satisfaction that any such last mentioned penalty or forfeiture was incurred without intention of fraud, to day all further proceedings, by entering a noli prosequi, or otherwise, with respect as well to the share of such penalty or forfeiture claimed by such informer or informers, as to the share thereof belonging to his Majesty.

CXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in penalties shall default of prosecution within the time herein-before limited, no be recoverable such lad mentioned penalty or forfeiture shall be afterwards re-only in the coverable except in the name of his Majesty's attorney general in England, and of his Majesty's advocate in Scotland, by information in the court of exchequer in England or Scotland respectively, in which case the whole of such penalty or forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors; and that all penalties and forfeitures, and shares of penalties and forfeitures, incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall be paid into the hands of such person or persons as the commissioners for the affairs of taxes shall appoint to receive the same, to the use of his Majesty; and that in all cases where the whole of such pecuniary penalties or forfeitures shall be recovered to the use of his Majesty, his heirs o$ successors, it shall be lawful for the said of to cause such reward as they shall think fit, not exceeding one moiety of such penalty or forfeiture so recovered, after deducting all charges and expences incurred in recovering the same, to be paid thereout, to or amongd any person or persons who shall appear to them intitled thereto as informers, in respect of such penalties or forfeitures so recovered; any thing herein contained to the contrary nothwithdanding.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or knowingly or wilfully act or'affid in certificate, or the forging, counterfeiting, or altering, any contract or contrails receipt, guilty for the fa]e cf any ]an(j tax, or any alignment or alignments of such contract or contracts, or of any portion of land tax therein comprized, or any certificate or certificates of the commissioners of land tax or of supply, or any chief magistrate authorised by this act to make out such certificate or certificates, or of the surveyor general of the land revenue of the crown, or of the duchy of Ccrnivall, or any certificate or certificates, receipt or receipts, of the cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank ofo England, or any certificate or certificates, or' atteded copy of a certificate or certificates, directed by this act to be made out by the proper officer to the commissioners for the

affairs

Persons forging, See. any contrail, alignment,

of felony without benefit of clergy.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. 779

affairs of taxes, or shall wilfully deliver or produce to any person or persons acting under the authority of this act, or shall utter any suchforged, counterfeited, or altered contract or contracts, assign-mentor alignments, certificate or certificates, receipt or receipts, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or any body or bodies politickor corporate, or any person or persons whomsoever, then and in every such case all and every person or persons so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit shall be brought against any person or persons for any thing done s* in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within six months next after the fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the county or place where the cause of complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in every such action or suit may plead the general General issue. issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their action or suit after the defendant or defendants shall have, appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and Treble costs, have the like remedy for the same as any defendant hath in any other cases to recover costs by law.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That the several persons Land tax who are or shall be named or appointed of of land tax, in or by any act or acts now in force, or hereafter to be justices of S passed to carry into execution the act of the present session of peace, may parliament before mentioned, or this act, in any county, riding, hear appeals or place, such persons being also justices of the peace of and for ^der this the same county, riding, or place, and not being persons specially appointed of for the purposes of this act as aforesaid, shall be commissione/rs for the purpose of hearing appeals to be made by virtue of this act, for the division of the county or riding, or the district within which they usually act as of of land tax and justices of the peace as aforesaid. Persons

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- aggrieved in fonsshall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any sale of land determination of the of specially to be appointed for consideration the purposes of this act, with relation to any right or benefit of foi- which preference in, or any right of redemption of any land tax to be shall not sold by virtue of this act, or with relation to the sale or mortgage exceed 500l. of any messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or the grant of any rent charge thereout, for any of the purposes of this commissioner 8 act with relation to the redemption or purchase of any land tax, at the next (for the redemption or purchase of which not more than five Petty sessions, hundred pounds capital stock, in the three pounds* centum bank ^Jder'shall annuities, would he transferred in the whole if such land tax was ^naJ an(j

Vol. XLI. F f f redeemed conclusive.

Anno regni tricesimo octavo GEORGII III. c. 60. [1797.

redeemed or purchased), it shall be lawful for such person or persons, in every such case, to appeal to the of appointed by this act, for the purpose of hearing appeals at the next petty lessions held by them, within and for the division or district within which such land tax, or any proportion thereof, shall be charged, and the said of, or any two or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine all such appeals, at any petty sessions to be by them appointed, from time to time as there shall be occasion, and on due consideration of all the circumstances attending the case upon which such appeal shall arise, and on examination upon oath or affirmation of the parties interested in such appeal, and all other persons who shall be willing to be examined touching any matters or things relating to the matter in dispute as aforesaid, which oath or affirmation they, or any two or more of such of, are hereby authorised to administer, and on the production upon oath or affirmation as aforesaid, of any deeds, conveyances or instruments, or upon the production of any affidavits, or depositions in writing, upon oath or affirmation, to be made in manner herein directed as to such affidavits, depositions, or affirmations, as may be produced to the of specially appointed for the purposes of this act, it shall be lawful for such of of appeal, and they are hereby required to determine such appeal, and give such order therein, as in their discretion shall seem expedient, which order shall be final and conclusive upon all parties; and if such of of appeal shall have any doubts, touching any matters or things relating to the determination of such appeal, it shall and may be lawful for such last mentioned of to require the advice and assistance, or the opinion of any counsel learned in the law, being a barrister of five years (landing at the leafs, as to them shall seem most expedient, and such of shall and may award the costs actually incurred in such appeal, and no more, together with such expence as shall have arisen from the obtaining the advice, assistance, or opinion of counsel, as the case may be, if any such expence shall have been incurred, to be paid either by the party against whom such appeal shall have been determined, or by both the parties to such appeal, in such proportions as to such of shall seem just and reasonable; and in case of refusal or non-payment of any sums so ordered to be paid, by the space of twenty-one days next after such determination, such of of appeal, or any two of them, shall and may issue forth their warrant, to levy the same by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person or persons ordered to pay such sum as aforesaid, rendering the overplus to the owner or owners, after the payment of the charge of such distress and sale: provided always, That where capital stock, which would be requisite to be transferred for the redemption or*purchase of any land tax respectively, about which any petition to the such dispute as aforesaid may arise, would in the whole exceed five chancery" hundred pounds in such publick annuities, the person or persons

exchequer, or session.

Commissioners of appeal may have the advice of counsel, and award colls, &c.

Where the consideration exceeds 500l. Itock, appeal may be by

so thinking himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved as aforesaid,

shall

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60.. ySi ftlall and may apply to the court of chancery or exchequer in England, ox the courts of session or exchequer in Scoland, by petition, to be preferred in a summary way, which courts respectively may thereupon grant such relief, and make such order therein, as to the said courts respectively shall seem meet.

CXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this act may Act may be be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts of this present J^pealedthis session of parliament. session.

SCHEDULE to which this act refers.

(A.)

FORM of the Certificate of the amount of the land tax, and the lands upon which it is assessed.

A.B. and G. D. two of the of

of land tax, for the county of do hereby certify, that the lands [briefly describing the lands and hereditaments chargeable] are charged with land tax to Jhe amount of [and

if more parcels of land tax than one, repeat the description ]; and that the messuages and lands [briefly describing the fame] are charged in like manner to the amount of making in the whole the amount of

(B.)

FORM of the Certificate of the Contract,

KNOW all men, That we A.B. and C. D.

two of the of appointed for the purposes of an act [here insert the title of the act], for the [county, riding, &c.] do hereby certify, that we have contrafted and agreed with A.B. for the [" redemption by, " or c sale to" him, as the case may require] of land tax, being the land tax [or, parcel of the

land tax, as the case may require] charged upon the [describe the Aands as in the certificate of the commissioners of the land tax; and if any land tax redeemed or purchased on other lands, to be specified in the same manner] or being parcel of the land tax charged upon the parish of [insert the parish and county, and if more par foes,

to be insert ed in the same manner]. The consideration of the sale is declared to be capital stock in the per centum bank

annuities, to be transferred to the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt, at the bank of England, in the following proportions, and at the following times; viz.

Stock on or before the

Stock on or before the

Stock on or before she

£*.

F F F 2, With

78z

See fed. 96.

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. [1797.

with interest, to be paid at the time of the second and each subsequent instalment to the cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, equal to the amount of the land tax redeemed or purchased, deducing therefrom a sum bearing the same proportion to such land tax as the amount of the flock transferred before the time of each payment bears to the whole amount of flock agreed to be transferred on such contract: [iand, if the contract is made with a purchaser, subject nevertheless to the redemption of the land tax hereby fold, on such conditions, and at such time, and in the manner directed in the act herein above mentioned].

(C.)

FORM of the Certificate or Receipt to be indorsed on the contract.

Bank of England Days when flock was transferred Amount of the flock transferred. Name of the receiver or acceptor.

ift Instalment -

rzd Instalment -

3d Instalment -

4th Instalment -

&c. £cc. &c.

(D.)

FORM of Alignment,

I A.B. of in consideration of

paid to me by C.D. of do hereby bargain, fell, assign,

and transfer to the said C.D. his executors, administrators, and assigns, the yearly sum of being the whole [or, part] of the land tax charged upon certain manors, messuages, &c. [here describe the nature of the estate] in the parish of in the

county of [or, being part of the land tax charged upon the parish of ] to hold to the said C.D. his executors,

administrators, and assigns, with the same benefits and advantages, and subject to the same right and power of redemption, restriction, and conditions, as I held the same immediately before the execution hereof.

Witness our hands and feals8 the day Of

in the year of our Lord

FORM

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 6o,

(E.)

FORM of Contract for sale of crown lands belonging to the duchy of Lancaster.

GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, and so forth, to all to whom these presents shall come, greeting: know ye, that we, in consideration of the sum of paid into the

hands of our receiver general of the revenues of our duchy of Lancaster, as appears by the receipt of the receiver general indorsed on these presents, by and with the advice and consent of our chancellor and council of our said duchy, do by these presents grant, bargain, and fell unto A.B. his heirs and assigns, all [describe the manors, &c. fold] to have and to hold the said [manors, &c.] hereby bargained and fold, and all benefits and advantages thereto belonging, unto and to the use of the said A.B. his heirs and assigns for ever. [In case there be any subsistitig lease of the manors, &c. words to the following effect are to be added; subject nevertheless to the term and interest in the said manors, &c. by virtue of a lease granted under the seal of bearing date on or about unto for a term of

which will expire on or about ]

In witness whereof

(F, )

FORM of Certificate of contracts made by the Surveyor general of the land revenue.

By the Surveyor general of his Majesty's land revenue.

THESE are to certify, That in pui fuance of a warrant from the right honourable the lords of of his Majesty's treasury, bearing date the day of the said Surveyor

general hath contracted and agreed with A.B. of for the sale to the said A.B. of all [here describing the premises to be sold] at or for the price or sum of of lawful money

of Great Britain, to be paid by the said A.B. into the bank of England, and carried to the account of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, [and in case of any fubffting lease, then the following words to be added, Subject nevertheless to, here describing when and to whom such lease was granted^for what term of years or lives, and when the term will expire, or which of the lives are. in being], and from and immediately after the payment of the said sum in manner aforesaid, and the enrolment of this certificate, and the receipt for the said purchase money, in the office of the auditor of the land revenue for the county aforesaid [ory of the clerk of the pipe, as the case may be]-, and thenceforth for ever, the said A.B. and his [her, or their] heirs, successors, or assigns, shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the actual seisin

f f f 3 and

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. r[1797.

and possession of the said premises so by him [her, or them] purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the same peaceably and quietly, and in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as his Majesty, his heirs or successors, might or could have held or enjoyed the same, by force and virtue of an act of parliament, passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled An act, [inserting the title of this act.] Given under the hand of the said surveyor general the day of

Witness to the signing by the said surveyor general,

[ The witness to be one of the clerks,

or other officers in his office.]*

(GO

FORM of Certificate of Contrafts to be made by the surveyor general of the duchy of Cornwall.

By the surveyor general of the'duchy of Cornwall.

THESE are to certify, That, by virtue of a warrant from the council of his royal highness the prince Wales and duke of Cornwall, the said surveyor general hath coutrafted and agreed with A.B. for the sale to the said A.B. of all {here describe thepremises, or the rent to be sold'] at or for the price or sum of of lawful money of Great Britain, to be paid by the said A.B. into the bank of EngMnd, and carried to the account of the duchy of Cornwall, {and in case of any fubfijling lease, or any grant by copy of court roll, then the following words to be added, subject neverthe-theless to, here describing when and to whom such lease or copy was granted, for what term or lives, and when the term will expire, or which of the lives are in being,] and from and immediately after the payment of the said sum in manner aforesaid, and the enrolment of this certificate, and the receipt for the said purchase money, in the office of the auditor of the duchy of Cornwall, and thenceforth for ever, the said A.B. and his [her or their] heirs, successors, or assigns, shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the actual seisin and possession of the said premises [or rent, as the case may be] so by him [her, or them] purchased, [and where the purchase shall be other thari for a rent, then the following words to be added,] "and shall hold and enjoy the same peaceably and quietly, and in as full and ample manner to all intents and purposes, as his royal highness the prince of Wales, his heirs or successors, dukes of Cornwall, might or could have held or enjoyed the same, " by force and virtue of an act of parliament passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled An act, \i?ferting the title of this act.]

Given under the hand of the said surveyor general of the duchy of Cornwall, the day of

Witness to the signing by the said surveyor general,

[The witness to be one of the clerks, 'or other officers in his office.]

M FORM

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 6x#

(H.)

FORM of the Cashier's Receipt.

RECEIVED the day of of and from the

above [or, within] named A.B. the sum of of lawful

money of Great Britain, being the confederation money expressed in the above [or, within] written certificate.

Witness my hand,

For the governor and company of the bank of England,

; 8

(I.)

FORM of Assignment of Land Tax by a Trustee.

I A.B. of a trustee appointed by C.D. of

together with several other persons, to purchase their respective land tax, do hereby bargain, fell, assign, and transfer to the said C.D. his or her executors, administrators, and assigns, the yearly sum of being the land tax charged upon the [here describe the nature of the property'] of him or her the said C.D. situate in [here insert the place] and which is the proportion purchased by me as a trustee for the said C.D. to hold to the said C.D. his or her executors, administrators, and assigns.

Witness my hand and seal, the day of

in the year of our Lord

CAP. LXI.

An act to continue, until the end of the next session of parliament, and amend an act passed in the thirty -sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter one hundred and six, videlicet, on the eighteenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, for regulating the allowance of the drawbacks and payment of the bou?ily on the exportation of sugar.

[June 21, x798.]

WHEREAS an act was made in the thirty-sixth year of /^Preamble.

reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to amend an 36 Geo. 3. ad, made in the last session of parliament, intituled, c An act to c; Io6> reamend an act, made in the thirty-second year of the reign of hisc*tec* present Majesty/ intituled, " An act for regulating the allowance of the drawback and payment of the bounty on the exportation of sugar, and for permitting the importation of sugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda islands in foreign Chips; and for reducing the bounty on refined sugars exported in any other than British ships f which was to continue in force until the thirty first day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety six, and

786 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 62. [1797.

from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament: and whereas it is expedient that the said aff should be continued and amended \ be it enacted by the King's mo ft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and If the average by the authority of the same, That if, on the twenty-third day fiwarfhannot1 June* twenty-third day of August^ twenty-third day of Oc-at^the periods tober^ one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and the herein men- twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and tioned, exceed ninety-nine, the average prices of brown or Muscovado sugar, cwt the Per ta^enn manner dire£ied by the said add, made in the thirty-drawback and second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the six weeks bounty to be preceding, shall not exceed sixty-seven shillings and sixpence for paid. an hundred weight, exclusive of the duty of customs paid or payable thereon on the importation thereof into Great Britain, then and in such case the drawback and bounty on the exportation of sugar shall be paid and allowed; any thing in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Continuance JJ % And be it further enacted, That the provisions of this act

shall have continuance until the end of the next session of parliament.

CAP. LXII.

An act to empower magistrates and justices of the peace, in setting the assize of bread, to make an allowance on account of the additional duty on faltt — [June 21, 1798.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an made in this present session of parlia-

38 Geo. 3. y V merit, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty addi-

4^' tional duties on salt, the price of that article is materially increasedy

by reason whereof the bakers will be considerably injured, if some allowance be not made to them on account of such additional duties: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-assize^of bread tkority fame> That, from time to time, when and so often

5d1Zper quar- as any magistrates or justices of the peace within the limits of ter to be add- their respective jurisdictions shall, by virtue of any law or statute, ed to the laws or statutes, made for that purpose, set the assize of bread,

average price they (ba]]^ immediately before setting such assize, add to what

account of appear to be the average price per quarter of wheat fit for the additional the making of wheaten bread, the sum of five-pence, on account duty on salt, of the additional duty on salt, so as to increase such average price five-pence per quarter, and shall then, in setting the assize of bread, make use of such increased average price in all respects as if the same were the real average price of wheat, so long as such additional duty on salt shall continue \ but no longer.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 63. 787

CAP. LXIII.

An act for the further encouragement of the trade and manufactures of The Isle of Man; for improving the revenue thereof \ and for the more effectual prevention of smuggling to and from the said if and.

[June 21, 1798.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS a report has been made, in consequence of a com-

miffton from his Majesty, for the purpose of obtaining information upon various points respecting The Isle of Man, which report has, by his Majesty's command, been laid before the house of commons: and whereas it is expedient, that, until parliament can take the said report under their co nftderat ion, same temporary encouragement and relief should be granted to the trade and manufactures of The Isle of Man, as well as some further regulations made for the more effectual prevention of smuggling to and from the said if and: and whereas, by an act passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his 20 Oco. 3. Majesty several additional duties upon certain goods imported c. 42, # into the Ife of Man, and for better regulating the trade and securing the revenues of the said island, the Commissioners of his Majesty's cufoms in England, or any three of them, are authorised to grant licence (among other things) for the exportation from any port in England into the port of Douglas, in The Isle of Man, of any quantity of British spirits, not exceeding forty thousand gallons in one year: and whereas it is expedient to repeal the said recited act so for as relates to the allowing British spirits to be exported from England to the said Isle of Man; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven From July 5, hundred and ninety-eight, no British spirits shall be allowed to po Bribe shipped for, or exported from, any port or place in England, ^'e sported0 to the said Ife of Man, under the penalty of the forfeiture thereof, from England and of the ship, vessel, or boat, in or on board of which the same to the Isle of shall be so shipped or exported; any thing in the said recited act °" Pe* to the contrary notwithstanding.; fdtrn-e.&c.'

II. And, in order that the inhabitants of the said if and may be legally supplied with a fuffcient quantity of spirits, be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand The commis-seven hundred and ninety-eight, it shall and may be lawful to flQIJers °fthe and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England, may

or any three of them, to grant their licence, to be in force for grant licences three months from the date thereof, for the importation from for three any port or place whatever into the port of Douglas, in The Ife for

of Man, but to no other, in British-built ships, owned, navi- tioVinto the gated, and registered, according to law, and not of less burthen port of Dou^-than fifty tons, of any quantity of foreign brandy, not exceed- glas, of 10, 000 ing ten thousand gallons in any one year, and also of any quantity of foreign geneva, not exceeding ten thousand gallons in dy^and alike

any quantity of

788 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 63. [1797.

any one year; and that on the importation, under the licences as aforesaid, of any such brandy or geneva into the said port of Douglas, in The Isle of Man, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, the following duties; videlicet, For every gallon of foreign brandy, the sum of three shillings; and for every gallon of foreign geneva, the sum of three shillings; and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no foreign brandy or geneva shall be imported into The Isle of Many by licence as aforesaid, except in calks which shall contain one hundred gallons each at the leaflyon forfeiture of all such foreign brandy or geneva, and of the ship or vessel in which the same shall be imported: provided also, That no foreign brandy or geneva shall be imported into the Isle of Man as aforesaid, of a greater or higher degree of strength-than that of one to nine over hydrometer proof, on forfeiture of all such foreign brandy or geneva,

IV. And be it further enacted, That no foreign brandy or geneva shall, upon any pretence whatever, be removed or carried coastwise in the said Isle of Man, or shall be shipped or laden on board any ship or vessel, in order to be so removed or carried coastwise, unless in the package in which the same was originally imported into the said island, under the penalty of the forfeiture thereof, together with the ship or vessel on board of which the

in the original same shall be shipped or laden, and all her tackle, apparel, and

fufkkur &c furniture*

01 V. And whereas the quantity of forty thousand pounds weight of

tobacco, allowed to be annually exported to The Isle of Man, under the authority of an act of the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the duties on to-From Odt. to, bacco and snuff, and granting new duties in lieu thereof, is yearly, com- found to be insufficient for the consumption of the inhabitants of the mi (Loners of f^y Jand'y be it therefore further enabled. That, from and after, n the tenth day of October in each year, it shall and mayhe lawful for the commi (lion ers of his Majesty's cultoms in England, or any three of them, to grant their licence for the exportation from any port in England, where tobacco is allowed by law to be imported and warehoused, into the port of Douglas, in The Isle of Man, but to no other, in British-built ships, owned, navigated, and registered, according to law, and not of less burthen than fifty tons, of any quantity of tobacco not exceeding sixty thousand pounds weight in any one year, instead and in lieu of the quantity allowed to be exported by virtue of the said recited act; and that on the importation of any tobacco into the port of Douglas, in The Isle of Many there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, instead and in lieu of the duty now due and payable on such tobacco so imported, a duty of sixpence per pound weight; and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

VI. And whereas it is expedient to impose an additional duty on ivine imported into The Isle of Man, as well as to limit the quantity

geneva, in one year, in British-built veil els, of not less than 50 tons:

3s. per gallon to be paid on importation;

but no such brandy or geneva to be imported, except in calks of not less than 100 galions, and of a certain strength, on penalty of forfeiture.

No foreign brandy or geneva to be removed in the Isle of Man, or carried co all-wife, unless

cuiloms in England may grant licences for the importation of 6o, oooolb. of tobacco into Douglas, in British-built vcdels of not less than 50 tons, in head of the quantity allowed by 29 Geo. 3. c. 58.

6d. per lb. to

be paid instead of the duty now payable.

1797O Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 63. 789

of wine to be imported into the said island to an annual allowance From July 5*

adequate to the consumption of the inhabitants thereof; be it there-

fore enacted, That, from and after the fifth day of July one the customs in

thousand seven hundred and niney-eight, it shall and may be England may

lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in grant licences

England, or any three of them, to grant their licence (such [wo°months

licence to continue in force for two months) for the importation fortheimpor-

from any port or place whatever into the port of Douglas, in tation into

The Isle of Man, but to no other, in British-built ships, owned, Douglas, of 70

navigated, and registered, according to law, and which shall ?ons oi wme

o*o 1 o j _ in one year,

exceed the burthen of fifty tons, of any quantity of wine, not in j$rjtish-

exceeding seventy tons in any one year. built vdfels,

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the exceed-

fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, over and above the duties now due and payable on the importation of wine into The Isle of Man, there shall be raised, levied, ^[y^ow cohered, and paid, a further duty of eight pounds for every ton payable on of wine, containing two hundred and fifty-two galions, imported wine, a further into The Isle of Man, by licence, as aforesaid; and so in pro- duty of 81. portion for any greater or less quantity. j^r9"

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from ^Tq t and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and Eefoimported ninety-eight, no wine shall be imported into The Jfe of Man, except by li-except by licence from the Commissioners of his Majesty's cuf- cence, nor in toms in England as aforesaid, nor in any cask or package less ^h^'fhead110 than a hogshead, on forfeiture of all such wine, and of the ship n0r shalHt be or vessel in which the same shall be imported: provided also, carried coalt-That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven ydfe, except hundred and ninety-eight, no wine shall be carried coastwise in or*£, nal The Isle of Man, except in the original cask or package in which forfeiture^such wine shall have been imported into the said island, on for-with the vessel feiture thereof, together with the ship or vessel in which the same employed; shall have been so shipped or carried; and that no wine shall be nor removed removed by land from one part of the said island to another, ex- ky land, except in the original calk or package in which the same shall have ormna^casks been imported into the island, or in bottles, on forfeiture of all Qr ?n botties, 'such wine, together with the horses, carts, and carriages, em- on forfeiture, ployed in the removing of the same: provided also. That the &c*

wine so imported may be carried coastwise in the said island, in vessels of the burthen of fifty tons, and upwards.

IX. And whereas it is expedient to allow a certain number of live foeep to be exported from England to The Isle of Man; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the fifth day of July one From July 5, thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it shall and may be I79^» lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in of the customs England, or any three of them, to grant their licence, to remain in England

in force for one month from the date thereof, for the exportation rnay grant

from any one port in Great Britain into the port of Doudas or hceftces to y a o continue a

Ramsey, in The Isle of Man, but to no other, any number of live month for

sheep, not exceeding one hundred in the whole in any one year, exportation

and such sheep shall and may be exported accordingly under the from Great

like Britain into

under certain conditions.

790 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 63. [1797.

Douglas or like rules, regulations, securities, restrictions, and forfeitures, so ^ar as ^ame are applicable, as the exportation of wool is

in one year, allowed to the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sark, by virtue of an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, among other things, for preventing the exportation of live sheep and wool.

X. And whereas it is expedient that the inhabitants 9/* The Isle of Man shonld enjoy every benefit and advantage in respect of the several articles allowed by law to be imported by licence, which ?nay be confident with the security of the revenue of Great Britain, and also that a regular and confant fapply of the said articles, for the necessary use and consumption of the inhabitants of the said island, should, as One month's Jar as poffble, be provided for; be it therefore enacted, That one vious^o^commonth previous to the periods at which the licences in each year mencement of for the respective articles licensed by this or former acts are to licences, tobe commence, the collector and comptroller of the customs at the given at the port Gf Douglas, in The Isle of Man, shall, and they are hereby i^a^ine^of reclu^re<^ to affix* or cauie to be affixed, at the several custom Aian, and the houses in the island, publick notice in writing, that for fourteen days from and after the date of such notice so affixed, they (the collector and comptroller of Douglas) are ready to receive applications in writing from the inhabitants of the said island, for the importation into the said island of the several articles allowed by law to be imported, by virtue of licence from the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively; and the said collector and comptroller shall forthwith, without preference, and in the order in which they shall receive such applications, within the time so limited as aforesaid, enter the same in a book to be kept for that purpose, specifying the date of each application, the name, residence, and occupation of the person applying, and the description and quantity of the articles touching which such applications are made; and the book containing such entries shall be open at the custom house for publick inspection during the hours of business, and at the expiration of such limited time the said book shall be closed; and the collector and comptroller shall make out, with all convenient speed, not exceeding seven days, and transmit by the earliest onveyance, a true copy of the entries in the said book, certified by each of their signatures, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England, as far as regards articles so allowed to be imported by licence from England, and to the commissioners of the customs in Scotland, as far as regards articles so allowed to be imported by licence from'Scotland \ and the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively, or any three of them, are hereby empowered and directed, upon application from the parties whose names fhalbbe so transmitted and certified by the collector and comptroller of the said port of Douglas, or the agents of such parties properly authorised, to issue to them their licence for the importation into the said island of the articles so applied for, according to the rules, regulations, and restrictions, by law established, for the granting licences for the

collector and comptroller of Douglas shall make entry of rill a of un.tions, and t ran I'm it an account to the commissioners of the customs, that licences may be issued:

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 63. 791

the importing goods into the TJIe of Man: provided always,

That if the total quantity of the articles contained in the appli- If the quan-cations so made, in the said Isle of Many shall exceed the total quantity of each or any of the articles allowed by law to be so cations shall" imported within the year, then, and in such case, it dial] and exceed the may be lawful for the said of of the customs in Eng- quantity al-land and Scotland respectively to divide such total quantity amongst

the several parties, in proportion to the quantity they shall have so applied for, and to grant their licences accordingly: and pro- portionably vided also, That if the total quantity of any of the said articles divided among so applied for, in the Isle of Many shall fall short of the total ^Pa quantity allowed by law to be imported within the year, then pcences jfr]y and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the said commis- he granted to sioners of the customs in England and Scotland respectively, to future appli-grant their licences to any persons afterwards applying, and dulycants* qualified, to import such quantity of each article as shall be wanting to complete the quantity annually allowed to be imported into the said island; and the said collector and comptroller of Quarterly- a c-Douglas shall, and they are hereby required to transmit to of of the customs in England and Scotland respect t^nfmftted to tively, a quarterly account of the species and quantities of all the commis-such goods imported by licences as aforesaid. sioners.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons Persons coun-shall counterfeit or falsify any licence or other document required terfeiting or or dire<sted to be obtained by this act, or shall knowingly or fej\nficences wilfully ma^e use of any licence or other document so counter- or documents feited or falsified, such person or persons dial I, for every such of- to forfeit sooL fence, forfeit five hundred pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no fee, gratuity, or re- No fee to be

ward whatever* shall be demanded or taken by the collector and count of comptroller of Douglas, or any other officer or person in the said piicltions^'r island, for or in respect of any applications made in the said licences, or island, as herein provided, nor on account of any return or cer- for any re-tiflcate of the due landing of articles imported by licence, in tfiurn#=or cert*- virtue of this or any former act or acts, under the penalty of e^cm^enalty fifty pounds, ^of'50l.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as The matter of any foreign brandy, or geneva, or wine, shall be imported by the vessel im-licence into the isle of Man, in pursuance of this act, the master Portm£ so-^or commander of such ship oir vessel in which the same shall be*

imported, shall deliver up to the colle<stor and comptroller of the wine, to de-custams at the port of Douglas, the licence or licences by virtue liver to the of which such foreign brandy, geneva, or wine, shall be im- collector. See. ported, which licences, by indorsement signed by the British li^ce consul at the port of'shipping, or if no Bril if) consul, by two authorising known Britif) merchants, shall specify the species and quantity/ such importa-of foreign brandy, geneva, or wine, with the marks, numbers,1011' buiorfed and denomination of the casks or packages containing the same, f^in men- so shipped on board such ship or vessel, and the master or com-tioned; mander of such ship or vessel shall produce to all commariders of and shall pro-his Majesty's cutters or vessels, or officers of the customs or ex- duce the same

cife, within certain

792

limits when required, on forfeiture of the articles.

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 63. [1797.

cife, who shall demand the same, (so soon as he shall be within four leagues of the coast of Great Britain, IrelaM, or the Isle of ManJ, such licences so indorsed, as often as he shall be so called upon, until so delivered up to the collector and comptroller of Douglas as aforesaid, on forfeiture of all such foreign brandy, geneva, or wine

XIV. And whereas it is expedient to allow a drawback of the duty on British hops, on the exportation thereof to the Isle of Man, be it therefore ensCted, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, on the exportation of any British hops to the Ife of Many there shall be allowed the drawback of the v/hole duty paid thereon; and that instead and in lieu of the duty of two pounds ten shillings.for every hundred pounds of the value thereof, now payable on hops imported into the said Ife of Man from Great Britain, there shall be raised, levied, colleCicd, and paid, a duty of one penny farthing per pound weight on all hops so imported, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

XV. And whereas it is expedient to extend the provisons of an act of the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An a Cl for the better securing and further improvement of the-revenues of customs, excise, inland and salt duties, and for encouraging the linen manufacture of the Ife of Man, and for allowing the importation of several goods, the produce and manufacture of the said island, under certain restrictions and regulations, to cotton yarn and cotton cloth, being the manufacture of the Me of Man; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight,

imported into any cotton yarn or cotton cloth, being the manufacture of the tree " from'th'e> of ^an"> be imPort: ed into Great Britain without pay-

From July 5,

1 798, on exportation of hops to the I fie of Man, the drawback of the duty to be allowed: id. iq. per lb, to be paid on importation instead of the former duty.

5 Geo. 3. c. 43.

Cotton yarn or cotton cloth of the manufacture of the fie of M'-n to be

rom duty of customs, See.

And no cotton yarn, &c. shall be imported into the Isle of Man except from Great Britain, on forfeiture.

No bounty to be allowed on the exportation of any

ment of any duty of customs whatever; subject nevertheless, in other respects, to such rules, regulations, and refrrictions, as are required by the before recited act, on the importation of any goods of the growth, produce, and manufacture of the said island.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, no cotton yarn or cotton cloth shall be imported or brought from any port or place whatever into the said Ifeof Man, except from Great Britain, on forfeiture thereof.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight,

no bounty shall be allowed or paid for or upon the exportation

lilk mamitac- from Great Britain to the Ife of Man of any manufacture of silk ture to the Ifie.J J J

of Man. whatever.

No drawback

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no drawback or or bounty to bounty, shall be paid or allowed for or upon any goods, wares, be allowed, or merchandizes whatever, exported from this kingdom to the c-dc1 herein^1* nor an>' debenture made out for such drawback or

ilefcribedbe bounty, until a certificate shall be produced, under the hands produced. and seals of the officer or officers appointed or to be appointed to

attend

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 64, 65. 793

attend the landing or examination of such goods at the port or place in the said island where the same shall be landed, and also under the hand and seal of the collector or comptroller of such port or place, which certificate shall specify that such goods have been duly entered and landed at such port or place in the said island.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That on the exportation of All reguJa- the several articles in this act mentioned from Great Britain, and forceVehtii" on the importation of the same respectively into the Isle of Man, to such goods pursuant to this act, all the rules, regulations, restrictions, pe- imported or nalties and forfeitures, according to the laws now, or which exported, to hereafter may be in force relating to such goods respectively lo extend to this imported or exported, and to the payment, recovery, and appropriation of any fine, penalty, or forfeiture relating thereto, faali

be, and the same are hereby declared to extend to this act, the same as if all the clauses, powers, directions, and authorities relating thereto, so far as the same respectively apply, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act.

XX. And whereas it may be expedient, under certain special circumstances, to permit, for a limited time, the importation into the Mle of Man of a larger quantity of the several articles allowed to be imported into the said island, by licence under the authority of this

aft; be it therefore enacted, That, during the continuance of the treasury this act, it shall and may be lawful for the lord high treasurer, ^rsto^he>l* or the of of the treasury for the time being, to issue of their orders to the Commissioners of his Majesty's culloms in of customs to England or Scotland, to grant their licence for the importation ?ranJ- licences into the Isle of Man of such additional quantity of the several tatiox^ofTd-- articles which are by this act allowed to be imported imo the said ditional quan-island by licence only, and the lord high treasurer, or the.com- tities of the missioners of the treasury, on the neceiTity of the case being proved to their satisfaction, shall in their judgement deern fit and ported 6for" reasonable for the use and consumption of the inhabitants of the consumption said island. in the island.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue Continuance in force until the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and one, and no longer.

CAP. LXIV.

An act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, fop one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

[June zi, 1798 ]

CAP. LXV.

An act for preventing the depasturing of for efts, commons, and open fields, with Sheep or lambs infefted with the scab or mange, in that part of Great Britain called England.

[June 21, 1798.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS there are within this kingdom several for efts,

chases, woods, moors, marshes, heaths, commons, wajle lands, and open fields, and other undivided and nn in defied lands? capable of

yielding

794 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 65. [1797.

yielding great profit, by breeding and maintaining Sheep and lambs: and whereas fever a I persons bit ere fled in such lands, turn out, keepy and depasture thereon Sheep and lambs infefted with a certain contagious cotnplaint or disorder, commonly called the scab or mange, by which means such complaint or disorder has gradually increased, and wilf if such practice be not refrained, become general, to the great injury not only of divers individuals, but of the public at large, such complaint or disorder rendering the flesh of Jiich sheep and lambs un-whole same, and destroying the wool: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present iromDec. 25, parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, 1798>^a^y from and after the twenty-fifth day of December in the year of turnout upon our ^ord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, if any any forest, &c. person or persons whosoever shall turn out, keep, or depassure, fheeporlambs in or upon any forest, chase, wood, moor, marsh, heath, corn-having the rnon, waste land, open field, or other undivided or uninclosed hav^ng'been any fl>eeP or lambs infected with such complaint or difor-

within fix der called scab or mange, or shall wilfully and knowingly turn months infect- out, keep, or departure, in or upon any such forell, chase, wood, he shall^rfeit moor> marfr» heath, common, waste land, open field, or other not more than undivided or uninclosed land, any sheep or lamb which, at any 10l. norless time within the space of six calendar months immediately pre-than 20s. vious thereto, shall have been infe£led as aforesaid, every such person, on being thereof convicted on the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or on his or her confefilon, before any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, district, or place, wherein such offence shall have been committed, shall forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than twenty shillings, for every such offence, together with all reasonable costs and charges attending such conviction, such coffs and charges to be afeerrained by the justice or justices before whom such conviction shall take place; and io toties quoties as often as any such sheep or lamb shall be so turned out, kept, or depastured.

The owner of

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said every iheep twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and mont\^o\dfo ninety-eight, lhe owner or owners of each and every sheep and turned out, lamb of the age of three months, which shall be turned out,

shall cause kept, or departured on any forest, chase, wood, moor, marsh,

them to be heath, common, waste land, open field, or other undivided or

enalt not*uninclosed land, shall cause such sheep and lambs to be marked

exceeding us. with the initial letters of his, her, or their christian name and for each, surname, or christian names and surnames, or with such marks with which such sheep or lambs have for three preceding years been usually marked, such letters or marks not being less in length than three inches; and in case of neglect thereof, the owner or owners shall, for each and every such sheep and lamb not so marked, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding two shillings, and so toties quoties, as often as any such sheep or lamb

not

1797O Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 65.

not so marked shall have been so turned out, kept, or depaf-tured.

III. And be it further enacted, That for the better and more effectually discovering the offenders, and punching the offences herein mentioned, it shall and maybe lawful to and for any person or persons having sheep or lambs actually depasturing, or entitled to be depastured, on such forest, chase, wood, rnoor, rnarsh, heath, common, wade land, open field, or other undivided or uninclosed land, who shall perceive, or have reasonable ground or foundation for belieying, that there is or are any sheep or lambs, sheep or lamb, depasturing or being in or upon the same, contrary to the direction and provisions of this act, to apply to any one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, distriCf, or place, wherein such lands severally do lie, who, upon complaint on oath made thereof before him or them, is and are hereby authorised and required to issue a warrant or warrants under his hand and seal, or their hands and seals, directed to the keeper or keepers of the said forests or chases, or his or their deputy or deputies, or to the petty constable or constables, bailiff, headborough, or tything man of any parish, hamlet, or town-ship, within or near which any such forest, chase, wood, moor, rnarsh, heath, common, waste land, open field, or other undivided or uninclosed land, shall lie and be situate, or unto any other person or persons, who shall consent and be willing to be inserted in such warrant or warrants, and shall command and empower him or them, or any of them, to take or drive all and every such sheep and lambs, sheep and lamb, to the next pound, or to forne other convenient place, there to be examined by the person or persons who shall have made such application to such justice or justices as aforesaid, his, her, or their servant or agent, and by the person or persons to whom the said warrant shall be directed, any or either of them, notice being first given six hours at the least before such examination shall take place, by the person or persons making such complaint, or by his, her, or their servant or agent, to the owner or owners of such sheep or lambs, sheep or lamb, or unto his, her, or their hind, bailiff, or servant, or left at his, her, or their last or usual place of abode, if any or either of them be known, and do reside in the parish or parishes, hamlet or hamlets, township or townships, where such sheep or lambs, sheep or lamb, shall have been so found, deferring the pound or place the same have been taken or driven to, in order that he, she, or they may, should he, (lie, or they, judge proper, be present at such examination; and if after such examination it shall be proved to the satisfaction of the justice or justices granting such warrant or warrants, that such sheep or lambs, sheep or lamb, have or hath not been kept or dcpafturecl in or upon such lands and grounds, contrary to the directions and provisions of this add, then and in such case each and every such sheep and lamb shall be taken and driven back to the place or places from whence it was taken or driven previous to such examination, and such justice or justices shall award such costs,

Vol. XLI. C Q Q charges,

795

Anv person

c!e p muring or having^right to de-pafeure on such forests. See. may apply to a justice, who may order sheep md lambs to he ex mined, and if found to have been depastured not contrary to this act, may order them back to the place from whence taken, and award damages to the owner;

796 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 65. [1797.

charges, and damages, to the owner or owners thereof, as td him or them shall i'eem reasonable; and such costs, charges, and damages, shall be paid by the person or persons making such complaint, and shall be recovered in like manner as any forfeitures or penalties are by this add directed to be recovered, but if found

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if upon any n*: "'iIWt^, nL*«5^CC" c^ examination it shall appear to such justice or justices, that them to be ai*y ^leeP or lambs, sheep or lamb, have or hath been marked, and turned out, kept, or oepastured, in or upon any such lands or on demand grounds, infected as aforesaid, or which at any time within the P ace of six calendar months immediately previous thereto shall ihalipay ^ave been infected as aforesaid, then and in such case the said

the exptnjis and penalty.

Penalty on periods dell roying 111 a h ranks, and on owners not renewing the m.

j u It ice or justices shall and may direct the same to be impounded, detained, and kept, and to be forthwith marked on both fuies with the letter S, (the length of such letter not being less than five inches), such marks to be made with pitch or tar, or some other adhesive material, such as (beep have been usually marked with in the neighbourhood, and shall also cause the left ear of each such sheep and lamb to be cut or ilit in a horizontal line^ (such cut or (lit not exceeding the length of one inch), and the lame, when so marked, shall be delivered, upon demand, to the owner or owners thereof; and the costs, charges, and expences attending the taking, driving, keeping, impounding, and marking of the same, having been ascertained by such justice or justices, shall be paid by the owner or owners of such sheep or lambs, sheep or lamb, together with the penalties and forfeitures imposed by this add, for each and every such sheep and lamb, and such costs, charges, and expences shall be recovered in like manner as any penalties or forfeitures imposed by this act are directed to be recovered; and any such mark or marks, when made, shall be and be deemed evidence of the fad! that such sheep or lamhsj sheep or lamb, have been turned out, kept, or depastured, contrary to the directions and provisions of this add, without any other evidence whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons, at any time within the space of six calendar months after any such sheep or iambs shall have been so marked as directed by such justice or justices, shall cut out, alter, or destroy the mark herein directed to be made in the ear of any such sheep or lamb, or if the owner or owners of any such sheep or lamb shall not immediately renew or cause to be renewed, in like manner, the mark or marks herein directed to be made on the side or Tides of every such fneep and lamb, when and as often as such mark or marks on the side or Tides shall be defaced, aliered, obliterated, or destroyed, by any means whatsoever, every such person, for each and every sheep and lamb, the said mark in the ear of which shall have been by him or her so cut out, altered, or destroyed, and such owner or owners, for each and every sheep and lamb, not having the said mark or marks on the side or fuies thereof, immediately renewed as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay, on conviction, any sum not exceeding twenty shillings, nor less than

797

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 65.

two shillings; and the justice or j uflices before whom such conviction be h id, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to cause every such mark so cut out, altered, defaced, obiifeneed, or destroyed, to be immediately renewed, and the sheep or Jamb, c?

(keep or Iamb, to he det^ftied and impounded until every such mark shall have been renewed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if such sheep or Iambs, ^fbeep be,

sheep or lamb, so detained or impounded, iliali not be demanded ^tliin^e C and taken away by the owner or owners thereof within five days days after they after the same shall have been so marked as aforesaid, it shall and are marked, may be lawful to and for any justice or justices of the peace of^ie'/ m: ly)e the county, district, or place, in which such sheep or Jambs, p|-0, ]u^Cheep or lamb, shall have been so detained or impounded, by to the over-warrant under hi.s or their hand and leal, or hands and seals, to seers of the direct the same to be sold, and the money arising by such sale, P0

after deducing the cods, charges, and expences of taking, driv- |n months' ing, keeping, detaining, impounding, and marking the same, npplied in aid shall be paid to the overseer or overseers of the poor of the parish, of the poor hamlet, or place where such sheep or lambs, (beep or lamb, shall rate*

have been to detained or impounded; and in case the owner or owners of such (beep or lambs, sheep or lamb, shall not claim such money within twelve calendar months after such payment, the same shall be applied in aid of the poor rate of such parish, hamlet, township, or place.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all penalties and for Penalties may feitures by this act imposed for any offence against the same, shall be h vied by be levied fey distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the of- aiiaL'0-fender or offenders, by warrant Under the hand and seal of same

justice of the peace for the county or place where the offence shall be committed, rendering the overplus of the money arising by such distress and sale (if any) upon demand, to the owner of such goods and chattels, after deducting the costs and charges of making such distress and sale; which warrant such justice is hereby empowered and required to grant, upon conviction of the offender or offenders, by confession or upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses; and one moiety of such pe- Application of

1 ties and forfeitures, when so levied, shall be paid to the in- Peilaldcs. former, and the other moiety to the overseer or overseers of the parish or township where the offence shall be committed; to be applied by him or them in aid of the poor rate.

Vin. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Convictions conviction shall be had for any offence or offences committed a.nrl kdjudica-agairft this act, or against any order of sections, or any adjudication for the marking of fneep or lambs made, the form of con- forms. ° viction, and the form of adjudication for the marking of any sheep or iambs, shall be in the words or to the effect following 5 ('that is to say),

'towit. } ' BE dayeSembered' of the reign of

That on this

in the year

J, B. is convicted be-q q Q 2 fori

798'Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 65. [1797.

fore of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the

of by virtue of an aci of parliament, made in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here set forth the title of the act, and specify the offence, and the time and place wb$rUand where the same was committed]; and I [or, we] the said do adjudge

him [her, or them] to forfeit and pay for the same the sum of Given under my hand and seal [or, our hands and seals] the day and year aforesaid.'

THE FORM OF ADJUDICATION.

4 1 c T T PON the report upon the oath for, oaths] of

J U this day of

in the year of our Lord made

unto of his Majesty's justices of the peace

lor the of respecting certain sheep

[and, lambs] detained [or, impounded] in a in the parish of in the said county, by virtue of

a warrant under our hands and seals [or, my hand and seal] do hereby adjudge that such sheep [and, lambs] belonging to A.B. [or, the owner or owners thereof being unknown] appearing to me [or, us] to be infected with the scab or mange [or, having within the space of months,

immediately previous to the date hereof, been infected with the scab or mange] be marked forthwith according to the directions of an act, made in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here set forth the title of the act.] Given under our hands and seals, [or, my hand and seal], the day and year aforesaidP

Persons aggrieved may

appeal to the quarter hellions.

Ih lirefs not deemed un-lawul on account of want of form in proceedings.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall think himself, herself, or them helyes, aggrieved by any thing done by or in purhuance of this act, huch person or persons may appeal to the justices of the general quarter sessions of the peace to be holden for the county or place where such matter of appeal shall arise, next after the expiration of four calendar months from the time such matter of appeal shall have arisen, and the justices in such sessions are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine the matter of such appeal in a summary way, and to make such determination therein, and to award such costs as they shall judge proper; and such determination shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all parties, and to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted, That where any distress shall be made for any sum or sums of money to be levied by virtue of this act, the distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making the same be deemed a trespasser or trespassers on account of any defect or vshnt of form in the summons, conviction, warrant of distress, or other proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the party or parties making the same be deemed a trefp after or t re {pallet's ab initio, 011 account of any irregularity

which

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 65. 799

which shall afterwards be done by the party or parties distraining; and the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity may recover full satisfaction for the special damage in an action on the case: provided always, That no plaintiff or plaintiffs shall recover in any such action for such irregularity, or for any trespass or other wrongful proceeding, if tender of sufficient amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or his, her, or their attorney, or by or on the behalf of the defendant or defendants, before such action brought; and in case no such tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the defendant or defendants in any such action, by leave of the court, after such action shall have been brought, at any time before issue joined, to pay inro court such sum of money as he, she, or they, shall think hr, whereupon such proceedings, order, and judgement, shall be made and given in and by such court, as in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no action or Limitation of salt shall be commenced against any person or persons for any addons, thing done in pursuance of this aunless ten days notice in writing, signed by the attorney for the plaintiff or plaintiffs, be thereof given to the defendant or defendants, specifying the cause of such action or suit, hath been given to the party or parties aggrieved, or after six calendar months next after the fact committed; and every such action or suit shall be brought and tried in the county where the cause of such action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in every such atftion or suit shall or may, at his, her, or their election, plead specially, or the general issue, and give this act and the special General issue. matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this aci; and if the same shall appear to be so done, or such action or suit shall be brought before ten days notice shall be given as aforesaid, or after the time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall he brought in any other county than as aforesaid, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants-; and upon such verdict, or if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or her action or suit after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff, then the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have such remedy for the same as any defendant Treble costs, or defendants hath in other cases by law.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no order, verdict, No proceed* judgement, or other proceedings made, touching or concerning

any of the matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the con- want of form,

viession of any offender or offenders against this act, shall be or removeable

quashed or vacated for want of form only, or be removed or re- into any court

moveable by Certiorari, or any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's courts of record at Wesimbjhr,

any law or statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwith-

standing.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing teJ1(Jnt° g°0e*-

G G G 3 herein land.

Soo Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 66, 67. [1797.

herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

PuoVicJs: act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and all persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same*

CAP. LXVI.

An act for empowering his Majesty, for a time and to an extent to he limited, to accept the services of such parts of his militia 'forces in this kingdom as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Ireland.

[June 21, 179S.]

Cap. lxvii

An act to prevent the exportation of base coin to his Majestfs colonies in the West Indies and America.

[June 21, 1798.]

WHEREAS various base copper coins made to the resemblance

[Preamble.]

Copper coin, not being le-g-d coin, and counterfeit

and similitude of the foreign copper coins, called Tempes and Sous Marques, have been exported from this kingdom to the if and of Martinique in the West Indies, under the denomination cf wrought copper: and whereas base coin made to the similitude and resemblance of the foreign gold and silver coins, called Johannes and Dollars, have been circulated in his Majesty's islands in the West Indies, and in other his Majesty1 s colonies in America, to the great injury of the inhabitants of the said islands and colonies: for preventing the like and similar evils in future, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all copper coin whatsoever, not being the legal copper coin of this kingdom*, and all counterfeit gold or silver coin made to the similitude or resemblance, or intended to referable, gold or silver any gold or silver coin, either of this kingdom or of any other coin, export- country, which shall, under any pretence, name, or description ed to Marti- whatever, he exported or flipped, or laden or put on board oMfis any ftnp> vessel, or boar, for the purpose of being exported from

iefty's colonics this kingdom to the ("aid i ft and of Martinique, or any of his Main the West jesty's islands or colonies in ihe TVejt Indies or America, shall be America' or forfeited, and the same shall and may be seized, sued for, pro-ftlipped for fecu ed, and recovered in such courts, and by such and the like the*t purpose, ways, means, and methods, and the produce thereof disposed of pay be seised. and applied in such and the like manner, and to such and the like uses and purposes, as any forfeiture incurred by any law respectins: the revenue of the customs, may now be seized, sued for, prosecuted, or recovered, disposed of, and applied, either in tins kingdom, or in any of his Majesty's islands in the West Indies respectively, as the case may happen to be.

II. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall so export, or shall so ship, Jay, or put on board any ship, vessel, or boat, in order to be so exported, or shall cause or procure to

he

Penalty on per Pons exporting it, See

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 68. 8oj

be To exported, shipped, or put on board any ship, vessel, or boat, or shall have in his or her custody, in order to be so exported, any such coin as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, and double the value of such coin, to be recovered by bill, suit, action, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster*

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for regulating the payment, until two months after the commencement of the next session of parliament after the end of the present war, of the duties on cinnamon, cloves, nutmegs, and mace, and for granting to his Majesty additional duties thereon.

[June 21, 1798.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, have lately imported into this kingdom a large quantity of cinnamon, cloves, nutmegs, and mace, upon which certain duties are now chargeable according to the weight thereof and the exporters of such goods would, if such duties had been duly paid, be entitled to certain draiubacks upon the exportation thereof which goods now remain in the warehouses of the said united company, under the joint locks of his lAojefy and the said united company, zuithout the said duties having been paid thereon: and whereas it is expedient, under the present cir cum fiances, that some new provision'should be jmade respednng the duties on the said cinnamon, cloves, nutmegs, and mace, so imported and warehoused as aforesaid and also in, respect of such goods of the same nature, which hereafter, during the continuance of this act, fall be imported by the said company: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no part of the duties now payable by law, in The duties on respect of any cinnamon, cloves, nutmegs, or mace, which have been imported by the said united company, and which, on and India

immediately before the passing of this aeff, shall remain in their company and warehouses, under the joint Jocks of his Majesty and the said now ware-

company, and on which the duties of-customs shall not have been hem fed, or j J.r - c*1 - hereafter im-

paid, or in respect or any cinnamon, cloves, nutmegs, or mace, porte(^ 110t

which hereafter, during the continuance of this act, shall be payable till

imported into this kingdom by the said united company, shall be sold at the

paid, or become payable, unless and until any such goods shall

of the company.

be sold at the publick sales of the said united company, and then such duties shall be paid thereon, ' and in the manner herein-aftei provided; any bond or security, law, statute, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing 'Cinnamon* of this a6>, and during the continuance thereof, all the cinnamon, cloves, nutmegs, and mace, which shall be imported into this o^entry^fe kingdom by the said united company, shall and may, upon the landed with -importation thereof into this kingdom, upon due entry thereof, out payment

G G G 4 be of duty, or

8o2 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 6S.

[1797.

iately ware-^oufcil after the weight is taken.

On file of fu h cinnamon, &e. and entry for exportation, there ih ill be paid il. jos. p r cent urn of the value;

and if taken out of warehouses for home con-i'u motion, the duties payable on importation I nail then be paid.

Cinnamon,

See. to be duly entered for exportation, 6tc.

If cinnamon, &c. on which the duties

be forthwith landed from on board the ship or vessel in which the same shall have been so imported, in the presence of the proper officer or officers of the customs, without payment of any duty whatever, except as herein is provided: provided always, That an exact account shall be taken of the weight thereof, and entered in a book to be kept for that purpose by the proper officer or officers of the customs, and that all such goods shall, upon landing, be immediately lodged and secured under the joint locks of his Majesty and of the said united company, in such warehouses as shall be fit for that purpose, to be provided at the foie expence of the said united company, with the approbation of the commi 111 oners of his Majesty's customs in England, or any three or more of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any ctnnamon, doves, nutmegs, and mace, so imported by the said united company as aforesaid, and which, on or immediately before the pa ding of this act, shall remain in their warehouses, under the joint locks of his Majesty and the said united company, and on which the duties of customs shall not have been paid, and any cinnamon, cloves, nutmegs, and mace, which hereafter, during the continuance of this act, shall be imported into this kingdom by the said united company, shall, from time to time, be sold by the said united company at their publick sales, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, whenever the same shall respectively be duly entered for exportation from the warehouses of the said company, and not before, the sum of two pounds and ten shillings of lawful money of Great Britain, for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of such goods according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been respectively sold at such publick sales, and so in proportion for a greater or less value than one hundred pounds; such duty to be paid by the respective persons who shall enter such goods for exportation from the said warehouses,

IV. And be it further enacted, That if such goods, or any part thereof, shall be intended to be taken out of such warehouses in which the same are or shall be lodged, to be used or consumed in this kingdom, the person or persons, who shall so intend to take the same out of such warehouses, shall, before the same {half be delivered from thence, pay to the proper officer of his Majesty's customs the full duties payable by law on the importation into Great Britain of such cinnamon, cloves, nutmegs, and mace, respectively, so intended to be taken out of such warehouse as aforesaid; provided that such cinnamon, cloves, nutmegs, and mace, or such part thereof which shall be so exported, shall be duly entered for exportation, and regularly shipped and exported according to the laws now in force, or which shall be in force at the time of exporting the same, and under such security as is now required by law on the exportation of pepper from the warehouses of the said company.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any cinnamon, cloves, mace, or nutmegs, on which the full duties

due

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 69. 803

due and payable by law at and immediately before the pa fling this shall have act shall have been paid, and which shall have been taken out of the warehouse in which the same had been secured, shall be after- been taken wards exported from this kingdom, the exporter or exporters out of a ware-thereof shall be allowed such and the like drawbacks as would house, shall be have been allowed on the due exportation of any such articles afterwards

*c ^oortccl cX

respectively, in case this act had not been made. drawback to

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the monies arising by be allowed,

the duty hereby granted shall be paid into the receipt of his duties to foe Majesty's exchequer, and carried to and made part of the con- carried to the folidated fund. confolUakd

VII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue g*11

in force during the continuance of the present war, and from ^naAnce thence until the expiration of two months next after the commencement of the next session of parliament after the end of such war.

CAP. LXIX.

An act for allowing gold wares to be manufactured at a standard lower than is now allowed by lava.

[June 21, 1798.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it would be for the advantage of the manufactures

of gold in this kingdom, that gold of an inferior jlandard to what is now allowed by law should be permitted to be itfed for the same: may it therefore please yotir Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of From 061- i, October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it shall be £°ld lawful for any goldsmith, or other person, making, tracting, or dealing in gold wares in Great Britain^ to work or make, or 'or expor-cause or procure to be wrought or made, any gold vessel, plate, tation of the or manufacture of gold whatsoever, of the standard of eighteen standard of 18 carats of fine gold in every pound weight troy, and to fell, ex- 'n a,

change, or expose to sale, or export out of this kingdom, any gold vessel, plate, or manufacture of gold whatsoever, of the standard of eighteen carats of fine gold, in every pound weight troy; any thing contained, in any act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Such manu-first day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, no person whatever shall fell, exchange, or expose to sale, or pofVd for sale export out of this kingdom, or cause or procure to be sold, ex - fold, or exchanged, or exposed to sale, or exported out of this kingdom, any ported, until gold vessel, plate, or manufacture of gold, made alter the said first day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, of ^ena 10*the standard of eighteen carats of fine gold in every pound weight troy, until such. vefle], plate, or manufacture, shall be marked with the new mark as follows; that is to say, With the mark of a crown and the figures 18, instead of the mark of the lion pafiant,

upon

8c>4 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 69. [1797.

upon pain that every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds.

III. And further enabled, That it shall be lawful for the in London, respective companies of goldsmiths in London, Edinburgh, Bir-&c. may Act'.y mingham, and Sheffield, and the wardens and assayer or a flayers of rmfi M U1Cd at Exeter> Bristol, Chester, Norwich, and Newcastle upon

oM asr.ol being respectively duly authorised according to the laws in

authoriifed by force on and immediately before the passing of this act, to touch, law, except as assay, and mark, with the mark herein-before directed to be used, to themaik. any gold vessel, gold plate, or manufacture of gold, made and wrought after the said first day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, of the ffandard of eighteen carats of line gold in every pound weight troy, of gold brought to them respectively to be touched, allayed, or marked, in like manner and under the like regulations, except as to the mark herein directed to be used, instead of the mark of the lion passant, as they rer spedlively are authorised by the laws in force on and immediately before the passing of this act, to touch, assay, or mark, any gold vessel, gold plate, or manufacture of gold, of the ffandard of twenty two carats of fine gold in every pound weight troy.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enaeffect, That nothing in this act contained shall be confirmed to extend to prohibit the

Act n t t-o prevent the manufactur

ing of gold of making, lelling, exchanging, exposing to sale, or exporting out of this kingdom, any gold vessels, plate, or manufactures of gold whatever, of the ffandard of twenty-two carats of fine gold in every pound weight troy, in the manner directed by any law in force on and immediately before the passing of this act.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to authorise any person to touch, allay, or mark, with the mark directed to be used by the laws in force at and immediately before the passing of this act, any gold vessel, gold plate, or manufacture of gold, made and wrought of a lower ffandard than the ffandard of twenty-two carats of fine gold in every pound weight troy of gold.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall, from and after the said first day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, work or make, or cause or procure to be

the ffandard of 22 carats in the pound troy:

nor to antho-ri!e the allaying with the mark used before the passing of this act any gold manufacture of lower ffandard th-n 22 carats in the pound tr^v.

p u r 1 wrought or made, or shall fell, exchange, or expose to sale, or

jrt nairy or 501.__y r 1 j

export out of this kingdom, or cause or procure to be sold, exchanged, or exposed to sale, or exported out of this kingdom, airy gold vessel, plate, or manufacture of gold, not being duly marked with one of the marks hv law required, to denote one of the respective ffanJards of twenty-two or eighteen carats of fine gold in every pound weight troy, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said first clay of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, terhdting if any person shall forge, caff, or counterfeit, or cause or procure marks, &c. to be caff? forged, or counterfeited, the mark or ffamp used, or

or felling, or directed to be used in pursuance of this act, for the marking or Groping of gold plate by the company of goldsmiths in London

1L

for making, fclbng, or exporting manufactured gold not marked with one of the marks required by law.

Persons conn

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 69. 805

or Edinburgh, or the Birmingham or Sheffield company, -or-Hy the such counter-

wardens or assayer or assayers at York, Exeter, Bristol, Chester,

Norwich, or Newe a file upon Tyne, or any or either of them, or ported ior shall cast, forge, or counterfeit, or shall cause or procure: o be seven years, caff, forged^ or counterfeited, any mark, stamp, or tmprehion, in imitation of or to resemble any mark, fiarop, or impression, made or to be made with any mark or fhrop used or to be uffd as aforesaid, by the said company of goldsmiths in London or Edinburgh, or by the said Birmingham or Sheffield companies, or by the said wardens or assayer or assayers, or any or either of them, or shall mark or {lamp, or cause or procure to be marked or damped, any wrought plate of gold, or any wares of silver, brass, or other metal, gilt over and resembling plate of gold, with any mark or {lamp which hath been or shall be forged or counterfeited, at any time, (either before, on, or after, the said hrir day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight), in imitation of or to resemble any mark or (lamp used or ro be used as aforesaid, by the said company of goldsmiths in London or Edinburgh, or by the said Birmingham or Sheffield companies, or by the said wardens or assayer or assayers, or any or either of them, or shall transpose or remove, or cause or procure to be transpoied or removed, froiT} one piece of wrought plate to another, or to any vessel of silver, brass, or other metal as aforesaid, any mark, fsamp, or impression, made or to be made by or with any mark or damp used or to be used as aforesaid, by the said company of goldsmiths in London or Edinburgh, or by the said Birmingham or Sheffield companies, or by the said wardens or alfayer or afiayers, or any or either of them, or shall fell, exchange, or expose to fa!e, or export out of this kingdom, any wrought plate of gold, or any vessel of silver, brass, or other metal as aforesaid, with any such forged or counterfeit mark, {lamp, or impression thereon, or any mark, {lamp, or impression, which hath been or shall be transposed or removed from any other piece of plate, knowing such mark, {lamp, or impression, to be forged, counterfeited, or transposed, or removed as aforesaid, or shall wilfully or -knowingly have or be pcffeffed of any mark or (lamp which hath been or shall be forged or counterfeited, in imitation of and to resemble any mark or (lamp used or to be used as aforesaid, by the said company of goldsmiths in London or Edinburgh, or by the said Birmingham and Sheffield companies, or by the said was dens, or ah <yer or aflkyers, or any or either of them, every such person offending in any such or either of the cases aforesaid, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall be transported to tuch parts beyond the lees, as his Majesty, with the advice of his privy council, shall direct, for the space of seven years.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That ah gold vessels, plate, Manufactured

and manufactures of gold whatever, of the standard of eighteen

carats of line gold in every pound weight troy, shall be touched, n

a flayed, and marked with the several marks directed to be used by pound troy to this act, or by any act or acts in force on and immediately before beaflay^J, &c.

the passing of this act, in the marking of gold vessels, plate, or e.xcePt vy, t]!. r ° 00 r cl the mark of

manufactures th lion

8o6 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 70, 71. [1797.

pafiaiit, as manufactures of gold, except the mark of the lion palfant, by the the* Persons> at and under such powers, authorities,

standard of rules, and regulations, 'and lTiall have and be under such provisoes, 22 carats, and exemptions, qualifications, and conditions, and shall be subject to tobefubjtft such penalties and forfeitures, and to the like payments and re-to the like wards, subtractions and detentions, for or upon touching, assaying, and marking the same, as gold vessels, plate, and manufactures

of gold, of the ffandard of twenty-two carats of fine gold in every pound weight troy, may or ought to be touched, assayed, and marked, with the marks required by the laws in force as aforesaid, or have, or are subject or liable to by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the better preventing frauds and abuses in gold and ftlver wares, or by any act or acts therein recited or referred to, or by any other act or acts in force on and immediately before the passing of this act, with relation to gold plate wrought, made, or fold in, or exported out of this kingdom; and that all the powers, authorities, rules, provisions, penalties, and forfeitures, methods, clauses, and all other matters and things prescribed or appointed by the said act of the twelfth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, or by any act or acts therein recited or referred to, or by any other act: or acts with relation to wrought gold plate or manufactures of gold of the standard of twenty-two ^arats of fine gold in every pound weight troy, and in force on and immediately before the passing of this act, (except where other provisions are expressly made by this act), shall be observed, practised, applied, and put in execution for the working, making, touching, and allaying, all gold vessels, plate, and gold manu-fastures of the standard of eighteen carats of fine gold in every pound weight troy, and in and for the making the same according to the directions of this act, and in and for the felling, exchanging, exposing to sale, and exporting the same, or any of them; and in and for the recovery of any penalties or forfeitures incurred against the form of the said acts, or any of them, or of this act, as fully and effectually as if the said several powers, authorities, rujes, provisions, penalties, and forfeitures, methods, clauses, matters, and things, had been repeated and re-enacted in this act, and had herein "been expressly applied to such gold vessels, plate, and manufactures of the standard of eighteen carats of fine gold in every pound weight troy respectively,

CAP. LXX.

An act for making allowances in certain cases to subaltern officers of the militia in time of peace.

[June 21, 1798.]

I

CAP. LXXI.

An act for encouraging the art of making new models and cash of busts, and other things therein mentioned.

[June 21, 1798.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS divers persons have, by their own genius, industry, pains, and expencey improved and brought the art of making

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 71. 807

new models and casts of bu/ls, and of statues of human figures, and of

animals, to great perfection, in hopes to have reaped the foie benefit of

their labours; but that divers persons have (without the consent of the

proprietors thereof) copied and made moulds from the said models and

casts, and fold base copies and casts of such new models and casts, to

the great prejudice and detriment of the original proprietors, and to

the discouragement of the art of making such new models and casts as

aforesaid: for remedy whereof, and for preventing such practices

for the future, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this The sole right

act, every person who shall make or cause to be made any new of^maldn

model, or copy or cast made from such new model, of any bust, models or

or any part of the human figure, or any statue of the human calls shall be

figure, or the head of any animal, or any part of any animal, or ve!^d in the

the statue of any animal; or shall make or cause to be made any p^eto?

new model, copy, or cast from such new model, in alto or basso F

relievo, or any work in which the representation of any human

figure or figures, or the representation of any animal or animals shall be introduced, or shall make or cause to be made any new cast from nature of any part or parts of the human figure, or of any part or parts of any animal, shall have the sole right and property in every such new model, copy, or cast, and also in every such new model, copy, or cast in alto or basso relievo, or any work as aforesaid, and also in every such new cast from nature as aforesaid, for and during the term of fourteen years from the time of first publishing the same: provided always, That every person who shall make or cause to be made any such new model,

copy, or cast, or any such new model, copy, or cast in alto or bafla

relievo, or any work as aforesaid, or any new cast from nature as

aforesaid, shall cause his or her name to be put thereon, with the

date of the publication, before the same shall be published and exposed to sale.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall, within Persons mak-the said. term of fourteen years, make or cause to be made any ^model copy or cast of any such new model, copy, or cast, or any such or cast, vitlL model, copy, or cast in alto or basso relievo, or any such work as out the con-aforesaid, or any such new cast from nature as aforesaid, either sent of the by adding to or di mini filing from any such new model, copy, or cafi, or adding to or diminishing from any such new model, copy, f^cuted: ^0" or cast in alto or basso relievo, or any such work as aforesaid, or adding to or diminishing from any such new cast from nature, or shall cause or procure the same to be done, or shall import any copy or cast of such new model, copy, or cast, or copy or cast of such new model, copy, or cast in alto or basso relievo, or any such work as aforesaid, or any copy or cast of any such new cast from nature as aforesaid, for sale, 'or shall fell or otherwise dispose of, or cause or procure to be sold or exposed to sale, or otherwise disposed of, any copy or cast of any such new model, copy, or

except Rich persons who ilia.ll pir.cn tie the imic of the original proprietor.

Limitation of anions.

caff, or any copy or caff of such new model, copy, or cast in alto or balTo relievo, or any fu'.h woik as aforesaid, or any copy or cast of any <uch new call from nature as aforesaid, without the express content of the proprietor or proprietors thereof fir If had and obtained, in writing hgned by him, her, or them respectivelyj with his, her, or their hand or hands, in the presence of and atteifed by two or more credible witnessc: -., then and in all or any of the cases aforesaid, every proprietor o>* pronrieter.S of any such original moAl, copy, or caff, and every proprietor or proprietors of any such original model, or copy or caff in -alto or basso relievo, or any such work as aforesaid, or the proprietor or proprietors of any such new caff from nature as aforesaid respectively, shall and may, by and ill a special action upon the case, to be brought against the person or persons so offending, recover such damages as a jury on the trial of such action, or on the execution of a writ of enquiry thereon, shall give or assess, together with full coifs of suit.

III. Provided nevertheless, That no person w'ho shall hereafter purchase the right, either in any such model, copy, or calf* or in any such model, copy, or calf in alto or basso relievo, or any such work as aforesaid, or any such new caff from nature, of the original proprietor or proprietors thereof, shall be subject to any action for vending or selling any caff or copy from the same; any thing contained in this act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

IV. Provided also, That all actions to be brought as aforesaid^ against any person or persons for any offence committed against this act, shall be commenced within six calendar months next after the discovery of every such offence, and not afterwards;

CAP. LX XII.

An Act for indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and persons acting as such, in the West India islands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in lo'rcigU bottoms.

[June 21, 1798.]

CAP. LXXIII.

An act for amending and rendering more effectual an act, made in the thirty-sixthyear of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to prevent abuses and frauds in the paeking, weight, and sale of butter; and to pepeai certain acts relating thereto.

[June 21, 1798-.}

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, to prevent abuses andfrauds in the paeking, weighty and sale of butter, various provisions were made by a statute pfjfed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty 36 Geo. 3. intituled An act to prevent abuses and frauds in the paeking, c* weight, and sale of butter; and to repeal certain acts lela'ing

thereto \.and whereas the said act is veiy much avoided by concealing the places of abode of the coopers making vessels for butter, and of the darymen jr ether packers of butter for Jale, and by the want cfjo me provision

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 73. 809

vision to make the fa ft or s or agentsfor buying and selling butter, and also

the cheesemongers and other persons felling butter on their own account

responfble for t ran failing the file of butter, in vefels not made as the said act requires; be it therefore enacted by the King's moss excellent

majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual

and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled,

and by the authority of the same, That every cooper or other person making a vessel for the packing of butter, being a vessel poking

within the regulations of the ad herein-before recited, before butter, /hall

his or her suffering any such vessel to go out of his or her brand them

possession, shall, on the bottom of such vessel, on the outside, with manner*

an iron, in addition to his or her chriffian name and sirname as p

the said act requires, brand the name of his or her place of abode

or dwelling, in permanent and legible letters, in manner following;

[videlicet). If he or she shall dwell in a city or market town, or within the county of such city or the parish of such market town, then the name of such city or market town; and if he or she shall dwell in a village* township, liberty, hamlet, or other sub-division of any parish, then the name of the parish wherein such village, township, liberty, hamlet, or other subdivision shall be so situate; and if he or she shall dwell in an extra-parochial place, then the name of the next adjoining parish to which such extra-parochial place shall be situate; or in default of branding such for

his or her place of abode in manner before directed, he or she, e au for every such offence, shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten shillings.

II. And be it further enacted, That every such factor or agent Penalty ori for buying or selling butter for others, who shall buy or fell, or factors for offer for sale, or shall, for the purpose of sale, have in his or her buying or custody, power, or possession, any vessel containing butter, or shall order, consign, forward, or fend, or shall cause to be ordered, vessels, not consigned, forwarded, or sent, any vessel containing butter for legally sale, to any person or persons whomsoever; which vessel con- marked, taining such butter shall not be made and externally marked, and have the butter therein imprinted according to the directions of this act, and of the ad herein-before recited, shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings.

III. And be it further enacted, That every person being a Penalty oh cheesemonger, or otherwise a feller or dealer in butter on his or dealers having her own account, who shall offer for sale, or shall, for the in ^lr purpose of sale, have in his or her custody, power, or possession, kutter in* any vessel containing such butter, which vessel containing such vessels not butter shall not be externally marked according to the directions legally

of this act, and of the ad herein-before recited, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten shillings.

IV. And be it further er.acted. That all forfeitures and penal- Penalties to ties impeded by this act, shall be respectively sued for, levied, raised, he recovered and applied, in such manner and form, and with, by, under and

subject to the same methods, limitations, and provisions, as are un(jer ? prescribed in the act herein-before recited concerning the respect recited act,

tive

8io

Conn men cement of act.

Act not to exttnd to Scotland,

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 74. [1797.

tive penalties and forfeitures thereby imposed; and all »persons who shall be sued or proceeded a gain ft for any thing done in pursuance or under colour of this act, shall be within the benefit of the same provision as is contained in the act herein-before recited in respect to persons acting under the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That this shall commence and begin to be in force on the first day of September in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing contained in this act shall extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[Preamble,

a6 Geo. 3. c. 107, recited.

CAP. LXXIV.

An act for raising a body of miners in the counties of Cornwall and Devon, for the defence of the kingdom, during the present war.

[June 21, 1798.]

WHEREAS, by an act passed in the twentyfxth year of his Mcjefy s reign, intituled An a cl for amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, it is provided, That nothing therein containedfhculd extend to the miners in the counties of Devon and Cornwall, but that the warden of the farmeries, in pursuance of his Majesty's commission in that behalf, and such as he fouId commissionate and authorije under him, should have and use the like powers, and array, ajfess, arm, muser, and exercise the said miners, within the said counties, or either of them, as hath been theretofore ijed, and according to the an cent privileges andcufoms of the jaidfarmeries, and the like provision had been made by clivers former acts of parliament concerning the militia: and whereas, by reofon of the length of time which elapsed face any commission hath issued to the tvarden of the/tanneries aforesaid, to array, ajfess, arm, muser, and exercise the said miners, great difficulties might occur in the execution of such commifion, and it is therefore expedient that provision should be made for arming, arraying, and exercising a certain proportion of such miners, for the defence of the kingdom during the present war; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the His Majesty authority of the same, 'That his Majesty may, from time to time may authorise as occasion shall require, issue his commission to the warden of the {tanneries of the counties of Devon and Cornwall, giving him power and authority during his Majesty's pleasure, and such warden is hereby, according to such commission, authorised and required to call together, arm, array, and cause to be trained and exercised, such miners, in such numbers and in such manner as herein after is directed; and the said warden shall constitute and appoint, from time to time, such persons as he shall think fit, being qualified as herein after mentioned; to be his deputy-wardens for the special purposes of this act, the names of such persons having been first presented to and approved by his Majesty

the warden of the stanna ries to call out the miners.

Warden to appoint his deputies and officers, &c.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 74. 811

Majesty; and the said warden shall also appoint such field officers

and other officers as herein after directed, qualified as herein after

mentioned, to train and discipline, and command the miners, so to

be armed and arrayed, according to the rules, orders, and directions

after mentioned, and shall certify to his Majesty the names and

ranks of all such officers so to be appointed; and if his Majesty shall,

within fourteen days after such certificate shall have been laid

before him, signify his disapprobation of any of the persons so to

be appointed, it shall not be lawful for the said warden to grant

a commission to any person so disapproved, but commissions shall be granted by the said warden to all such persons so to be

appointed as shall not be disapproved by his Majesty, and the officers so appointed shall rank with the militia officers of this Rank of

kingdom, according to the dates of their respective commissions, °fficers-

and with al! officers of his Majesty's forces, in the same manner

as the said militia officers are entitled to rank; and the com- Commissiors

/ not* ^(1

millions so to be granted by the said warden shall not be the revo,

vacated by reason of the revocation, expiration, or discontinuance cation or ex-

of his Majesty's commission to the said warden: provided always pitation^of the

nevertheless, That if any warden of the said fiannaries, to whom warciePL6

his Majesty shall have issued his commission as aforesaid, shall be commi 10IU

removed from, or resign his office of warden of the said stannaries, and cease to be warden of the said stannaries, the said commission issued to the said warden for the purposes aforesaid, and all and every the powers and authorities vested in such warden by virtue of such commission, and of this act, shall cease and determine.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said warden shall con- Warden to fiitute and appoint twelve special deputy wardens at the leafi for the purposes of this act, if so many persons can be found qualified deputy war-

as herein after directed, that is to say. Every such person so to be dens, who

appointed a special deputy warden shall be qualified in the same shall take the

manner as deputy lieutenants are required to be qualified by the said act of the twenty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, in the reclted ad.

said counties of Cornwall and Devon; and every person so to be

appointed a special deputy warden shall take and subscribe the

oaths, and make, repeat and subscribe the declaration required

to be taken, made, repeated, and subscribed, by such deputy lieutenants, by virtue of the said act of the twenty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, changing only what ought to be changed.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any juf- Juices with tice or justices of the peace of the said counties respectively, together

with one or more special deputy warden or deputy wardens, to do all matters and things in the execution of this act, which might be done by a like number of special deputy wardens, in the same manner as justices of the peace are authorised to ad with deputy lieutenants in executing the laws concerning the militia.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said warden shall from Warden to time to time, appoint a clerk of the general meetings to beholden aPP£int

as herein after directed, and may displace such clerk if he shall g^eral meet-think fit, and appoint another in his room; and the special deputy ings, and dewardens within their respective subdivisions, or the major part of puty wardens Vol. XLI. Hhh those

812 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 74. [1797.

a clerk for^those present at any subdivision meeting, shall also, from time to lionsappoint a clerk for their subdivisions, and may displace such clerk as they, or the major part of them, shall think fir, and appoint another in his room; and such clerk of such general meetings shall be paid five guineas for every general meeting, and such clerks of subdivision meetings shall be paid one guinea for every subdivision meeting; such fees to be paid by the receiver general of the land tax in the counties of Cornwall and Devon respectively; and such clerks shall receive no other fee or reward whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted, That the number of men to be raised by virtue of this act shall be one-seventh part of the number of persons who shall appear to be liable to be ballotted to serve in pursuance of this act, as herein after directed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That general meetings of the said warden and special deputy wardens shall be holden at the most convenient towns of the counties of Cornwall and Devon respectively, and such meetings shall consist of the warden and two special deputy wardens at the least, or on the death, removal, or absence of the warden, of three special deputy wardens at the least, and notice thereof shall be given fourteen days at the leaffc before the day of any such meeting, in some newspaper or newspapers usually circulated in the said counties of Cornwall and Devon respectively; and such general meeting shall and may

f - o lvr ^ummcm ot^er meetings, and be adjourned in the same manner as meebngs°^general meetings of lieutenancy may be summoned and adjourned.

Number of men to be raised.

General meetings to be holden, of which 14 days previous notice shall be given.

General meeting may

First general meeting to appoint subdivision meetings, &c.

Fii ft general meeting to ilTtie orders to the chief constables. Sec. to return to the special deputy wardens lills of

by virtue of the laws in force concerning the militia forces of that part of Great Britain called England.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said warden and special deputy wardens, or such of them as shall be present at the first general meeting to be held in pursuance of this act, in each of the said counties of Cornwall and Devon, shall appoint the several subdivision meetings which shall be held within the four stannaries of Blachnore, Foymore, Tywarnhaite Penwith, and Kerrier respectively, for the county of Cornwall, and within the four stannaries of Chagford, Ashburton, Plymton, and Tavistock, for the county of Devon; which subdivision meetings shall consist of two special deputy wardens, or one special deputy warden and one justice of the peace for the county within which such subdivision meeting Inali be holden; and such subdivision meetings shall have the like powers and authorities for the purposes of this act, as the subdivision meetings of lieutenancy have for the purposes of the several general acts concerning the militia forces of England.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, at the first general meeting tQ be holden in pursuance of this act in each of the said counties, the said warden and special deputy wardens respectively, present at each of such meetings, shall issue their orders to the chief constables, and where there is no chief constable, to some other officer of the hundred or other division, within the said counties respectively, where miners do dwell, requiring every

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 74. 813

such chief constable or other officer to issue an order, under his miners be-

hand, to all constables, tythingmen, and other officers of every tWee^s80pjf

parish, tything or place, within, the said hundreds or other45 s

divisions respectively where miners do dwell, to return to the

special deputy wardens, within their respective subdivisions, at the

+places and at the times to be appointed for that purpose, full and true lists, in writing, of all and every the miners dwelling within their respective parishes and places, between the ages of eighteen and forty-five years, distinguishing their respective occupations as miners, and where the true names and descriptions of such miners cannot be procured, their common appellations shall be sufficient,

and distinguishing which of such perfoils so returned labour

under any infirmity likely to incapacitate them from serving in pursuance of this act, and having first affixed a true copy of the Copies or lifts

lift intended to be so returned on the door of the church or to be affixed

chapel belonging to every such parish or place; or if any such churc

parish or place shall have no church or chapel belonging thereto, then on the door of the church or chapel of some parish or place adjoining, on some Sunday morning before such return shall be made, which shall be three days at the least before the meeting appointed for receiving such return, and having also written at the bottom of such copy so affixed on the door of such church or chapel, notice of the day and place of such meeting; and that all persons who shall think themselves aggrieved may then appeal,

and that no appeal will afterwards be received; and at the days Constables so

and places so to be appointed for the returns of such lifts, theerhMifts

constables, tythingmen, and other officers respectively, shall

attend and verify the same upon oath; and the said special 10ns

deputy wardens, or any two or more of them, or any special deputy appeals, See.

warden and one or more justice or justices of the peace, assembled in their respective subdivisions, shall proceed to hear appeals, and amend such lists, and cause duplicates of such amended lists to be

made, and otherwise to aeft therein in the same manner as deputy lieutenants and justices are authorised to proceed in the like cases,

with respect to the returns of men to be ballotted for the militia in England.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no person shall be

struck off the said lifts upon appeal, on pretence that such person old tobe* is not a privileged miner, if such person, being above the age of struck off the eighteen years, was left out of the lift last returned under the laws lifts as not concerning the militia forces of England, for the parish or place apliv*- where he resided as a privileged miner, and unless such person ifieft out0f shall upon oath, or affirmation (if a quaker,) declare that he was the lift last not left out of such lift by reason of his being a privileged miner, returned as but by mistake or neglect, or for some other cause. one*

X. And be it further enacted, That if any constable, tything- Penalty of^man, or other officer, shall wilfully omit or neglect to insert inP*j^nTeThi any such lift the name of any person which ought to be inserted

therein, every such constable, tythingman, or other officer,

shall forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum of twenty pounds.

HI1H2

dens may require chief captains of

miness or a«?this of blowing houftrs, to return lift of the miners employed, &c.

814 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. 0, 74. [1797.

Special war-

XL. And be it further enacted, That in order to enable' the said special wardens to correct and amend the said lifts, and discover whether all the names have been inserted which ought to have been inserted therein, the said special deputy wardens shall, if they shall think, fit, issue their precept to the chief captain of any mine, or to the agent of any blowing house or smelting house within any subdivision, requiring such chief captain or agent to return to such special deputy wardens, at any subdivision meeting, as they shall see fit, a true lift of all the working miners employed in or about the business of such mine, blowing house, or smelting house, and describing their occupations as miners, and where they mittin* respe<^vety dwell; and if any such captain or agent shall wilfully names in such or?it or neglect to insert in such lift the name of any person which ought to be inserted therein, such captain or agent shall forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That after such return shall have been made, and such lifts amended and made compleat as aforesaid, the said special deputy wardens, within their respective subdivisions, shall, at subdivision meetings to be holden for that purpose, appoint what number of men shall serve for each subdivision, that is to say, One man in seven of all the men contained in the amended lifts for such subdivision; and shall further pro-

lifts.

After lifts are completed, special wardens to appoint the number of men to serve for e^ch sub-division, and

bailot, &c.

for each place ceed to appoint what number of men so to be appointed to serve to^ppoint^ for fhbch\dfion shall serve for each parish and place within another meet- such subdivision, in proportion to the numbers appointed to serve ing for chuting for such subdivision; and shall appoint another meeting to be the men by holden within the same subdivision, as soon as conyeniently may be, and within three weeks from the day of the prior meeting, and shall issue an order to the chief constables, or other officers of the respective hundreds and places within such subdivision, requiring them to give notice to the constable, tythingman, or other officer of every parish or place within their respective hundreds and places, of the time and place of the next subdivision meeting; and the said special deputy wardens, or any two of them, at such subdivision meeting, shall cause the number of men appointed to serve as aforesaid to be chosen by ballot out of the duplicate of the lift returned for every parish and place, and amended as aforesaid, in the same manner as men are chosen by ballot to serve in the militia in England; and shall appoint another meeting to be holden in the same subdivision, as soon as conveniently may be, and within three weeks after such prior meeting, and shall issue an order to the chief constables or other officers of the several hundreds or places within such subdivision, to direct the constable or other officer of every parish or place, to give notice to each man so chosen to serve as aforesaid, to appear at such meeting so to be appointed, which notice shall be given to him, or left at his place of abode, at least seven days before such meeting; and such constable or other officer shall attend such meeting, th^followingC anc* ma^e a return on oath of the service of such notice; and every person so chosen by ballot shall, upon such notice, appear at such meeting, and there take the following oath; that is to say,

Person9chosen to take

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 74. 815

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful oath;

X and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George; and I do swear that I will faithfully serve in the regiment of miners of the counties of Cornwall and Devon, within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the same, during the present war, and for the space of six calendar months aftpr the end thereof.'

And every such person shall be enrolled (in a roll to be then and and to be there prepared for that purpose) to serve in the said regiment enrolled, during the present war, and for the space of six calendar months alter the end thereof.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Persons person so chosen by ballot may produce a substitute, who, if ^oduc^fiib3^ approved, may be enrolled and sworn in the same manner as stitutes, who substitutes may be sworn and enrolled in the case of men chosen by may be ballot to serve in the supplementary militia in that part of Great enrolled. Britain called England.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if through any neglect If the full

or mistake, or from any other cause, the full number of men^eros appointed for any subdivision should not be duly enrolled at the }\lbdiv!fion^ meeting appointed for that purpose, then the said special deputy shall not be wardens, or any two or more of them, at their said meeting, or at enrolled, a some subsequent meeting, are hereby required. immediately to to

proceed to a fresh bailot, and to adjourn their meeting, and appoint other meetings, and amend the lifts, and repeat the amending of lifts as may be necessary and expedient for carrying the purposes of this act duly and fully into execution, in the same manner as deputy lieutenants may do for the like purposes by the laws in force concerning the militia.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any A deputy

one special deputy warden or justice of the peace to administer or the oath herein-before required to be taken, either to any person ballotted, or to any person who shall offer to serve as a substi- oaths, and tute; and such special deputy warden, or justice of the peace, is direct the hereby authorised to direct and require the clerk of the subdivision £h^eribns°* for which every such person is to serve, to enrol in the roll of fWorn.r °* such subdivision the name of such person, together with the day on which the said oath was so administered to such person.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person chosen If persons by ballot as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to appear, and take ^jjQ^dcfnot the oath aforesaid, and serve in the said regiment, or provide a appear or substitute, who shall take the said oath and be enrolled according provide sub-to the provisions herein contained, every such person so refusing stitutes, they or neglecting shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifteen pounds, and

be liable, whenever a ballot shall again take place under the liable to serve authority of this act, to serve in the said regiment, or provide a on a new substitute; and in default of payment of such penalty as aforesaid, bailot, aid if or for want of sufficient effects whereon to levy the same, the t

name of such person shall be entered on the roll, and such person compellable shall be delivered over to the proper officer of the regiment, and to serve.

shall be compelled to serve in the said regiment in the same manner

Quakers ballotted, to be proceeded with as quakers in the miiitia forces.

Lifts of two

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 74. [1797.

as if he had appeared, and been duly sworn and enrolled, and shall be subject to the same punishment for afterwards absconding or deferring as he would have been subject to in case he had appeared, and been duly sworn and enrolled: provided always, That if any person so ballotted to serve in the said regiment shall be one of the people called Quakers^ the same proceeding shall be had with respect to such person as may be had with respect to a quaker ballotted to serve in the militia in England \ and all and every the provisions with respect to the people calied, Quakers in the several acts concerning the militia forces of England,

shall be carried into execution in the levying of men to be raised

by virtue of this act, in the same manner, and as fully and amply as if the same had been repeated and enabled in the body of this act.

laces ma be And be further enacted, That it shall be lawful for

added toge-^special deputy wardens, or any two or more of them

ther. within their respective subdivisions to add together the lifts of two

or more parishes or places within such subdivision, and proceed upon such lifts added together in the same manner as if such lifts had been originally returned for one parish or place, foas to make the choice of men by ballot within every parish and place in each subdivision as equal as possible.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the lift of any parish warden^may or Pj2Ce be 1°^ or destroyed, it shall be lawful for the said cause newlifts special deputy wardens, or any two or more of them, to cause a to be made new lift of such parish or place to be made and returned to them at their next or any subsequent subdivision meeting, and to enforce the return thereof, and to proceed thereupon in the same manner as they might have done upon the lift so lost or destroyed if the same had not been lost or destroyed.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said regiment shall consist of so many companies (the number of men not being less than sixty men in each company) as his Majesty shall direct; and

out.

Establishment of the regiment.

The warden may be the colonel.

the field officers of such regiment shall be one colonel, one tenant colonel, two majors, and no more, unless the private men ballotted to serve in the said regiment, and sworn and enrolled, shall exceed twelve hundred men, in which case the said regiment shall be formed into two battalions, each battalion having two field officers, that is to say, One lieutenant colonel.and one major, and the two battalions shall form one regiment, to be commanded by the colonel; and there shall also be one captain, one lieutenant, and one ensign, to each company, such companies containing sixty men at the least in each company; provided always, That it shall be lawful for the said regiment to have one company of grenadiers and one of light infantry, to each of which companies two lieutenants shall be appointed instead of a lieutenant and ensign; and it shall be lawful for the said warden, if he shall think fit, with the approbation of his Majesty, to be the colonel of the said regiment instead of appointing another person to be colonel thereof.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 74. 817

XX. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant colonel The officers

to have the

regiment, Jr Ajavc 7-, a Came 9uah'

or lieutenant colonels and other officers of the said'shall be persons having the like qualifications as by the ad, passed ffoation^sVor in the thirty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act the supple-for providing an augmentation to the militia, to be trained and exercised rnentary in the manner therein directed\ and for enabling his Majesty to cause the same to be embodied, in case of necessity^for the defence of these kingdoms; or by any other act of parliament respecting the supplementary militia, is required for officers of the same rank serving in the said supplementary militia for the said counties of Cornwall and Devon.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty may appoint His Majesty one proper person, or in case the said regiment shall be formed maY appoint into two battalions, two proper persons, who shall haveferved or thall, at the time of such appointment, actually serve in some of regulars, the ffiis Majesty's forces, or in some body of militia, or some volunteer militia, or the corps, to be adjutant or adjutants of the said regiment; and such volunteer adjutant or adjutants shall and may have the like privileges, corPs* benefits, and advantages, as an adjutant appointed to any body of militia is entitled to by the laws now in force concerning the militia.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the colonel of the said The colonel regiment shall appoint a regimental clerk, or in case the said to appoint a regiment shall be divided into two battalions, shall. appoint two cifrk^to act battalion clerks, who shall execute the office of paymaster or as paymaster. paymasters, in the same manner, and with the like benefits, as

persons appointed to the like offices by the colonels or commanding officers of regiments or battalions of militia.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the serjeants, corporals, The serjeants, and drummers, shall be appointed to the said regiment, in the corporals, and

' 11 o'flni m to

same manner as serjeants, corporals, and drummers, are appointed appointed to militia regiments; and such serjeants and corporals shall take as to militia the same oath to serve in the said regiment of miners as serjeants regiments* and corporals of militia are, by the said act of the twenty-sixth of his Majesty's reign, required to take to serve in the militia, changing only what ought to be changed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the The provi-provisions contained in the said act of the twenty-sixth year offions°f.a^s his Majesty's reign, and in any other act of parliament concerning the ^ilitia the militia forces of England, for holding the several general and forces in subdivision meetings of lieutenancy of the several counties and England, for places therein mentioned, and appointing new or other meetings, holding meet-and for procuring and compelling returns, and proceeding the re- extend to this on, and for ballotting men to serve in the said militia; and all and so for as every the powers, provisions, rules, regulations, penalties, and applicable, forfeitures, bounties, allowances, clauses, matters and things contained in the said act of the twenty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, or in any other act of parliament now in force relative to the raising, training, embodying, and calling out the said militia, or providing for the families of militia men called out, or in any ad respecting the paying, cloathing, or subsisting the militia.

SiS

Maintenance of militia mens families, and bounties, to be repaid out of the county rates.

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 75. [1797.

or touching the billetting the said militia, or otherwise touching such rpilitia^ shall be applied, practised, and put in execution with respect to the regiment hereby directed to be raised in as full and ample manner as if all and every such powers, provisions, rules, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, bounties, and allowances, clauses, matters, and things had been again repeated and enabled in this act, so far as the same respectively are applicable to the provisions of this act, and are not repugnant to or altered thereby.

XXV. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted, That all and every the sums of money which, according to the provisions made by law for the maintenance of the families of militia men, and by virtue of this act, shall be paid for the maintenance of the families of men serving in pursuance of this act, and all and every the bounties to be paid under this act, shall be repaid to every such parish or place out of the general rates of the county by the treasurer of the county in which such parish or place shall happen to be, in pursuance of any order by one or more justice or justices of the peace, to be made for that purpose.

CAP. LXXV.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

[June 21, 1798.]

667, 9161. 13s. 4d to be raised by a lottery, to consist of 50, 000 tickets at 13l. 7s. 2d. each. All persons who have made deposits of il. 7s. 2d. for each ticket, pursuant to the resolution of the house of commons, are required to pay the remainder of their subscriptions at the times following, viz. 2l. by July 27, 1798. — zl. by Sept. 14, — 2l. by Odh 30, — 3l. by Nov. 29, — and the remaining 3l. by Jan. 15, 1799, and the contributors for each 13l. 7s. 2d. advanced, shall be entitled to such lot upon each fortunate ticket as is herein mentioned; and those that pay contributions before Nov. 28, to be allowed discount at 3l. per cent, per annum, and to have lottery tickets delivered at 13l. 7s. 2d. each. Cashier to give security to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the treasury; and to pay all monies received into the exchequer. Commissioners of the treasury empowered to apply the money paid in by the cashier. 500, 0001. the amount of the prizes, to be paid out of any supplies granted this session. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery books. Managers to examine the books, with the tickets, and deliver them to the cashiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the same. Cashiers to return the books, with the undisposed tickets, with an account of money received and paid in Undilposed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or silk; and cut off indentwise into a box marked with the letter (A), and put into another box to be locked up and scaled. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 50, 000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets. Three prizes of 2o, ooool. — four of 10, 000l. — five of 5.000l. — five of 2, ooool. — ten of i, ooool. — fifteen of 500I — thirty of 100L — one hundred of 50l. — and sixteen thousand nine hundred of 20l. — iooool. to the ticket first drawn a blank. — -50c!. to the ticket first drawn a blank on the last day of drawing the lottery. Tickets in the outermost column of the last mentioned books to be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a box marked with the letter (B), &c. Publick notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Feb. ix, 1799. Method to be observed in drawing, &c. Number of the fortunate tickets, and the sums to be printed. Disputes to be adjusted by the managers. Penalty

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 7, 5.

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

on forging tickets, &c. Offenders (not in prison) discovering persons guilty to receive a pardon and fifty pounds reward. Managers to be sworn. Cashier may receive the Aims subscribed; giving a note for the same, which shall entitle the bearer to a ticket for every 13b 7s. 2d. paid. After July 27, 179S, the cashier may deliver tickets not exceeding in value half of the sum actually subscribed; and shall give receipts for the re fid ue of such sums, after deducing the value of the tickets so delivered. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their deposits, and the tickets to be returned to the managers, &c. Commissioners of the treasury may reward the managers, &c. as they shall think fit. The 500, 000k for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any supplies granted this IVffion; and lha.ll be paid to the proprietors without any deduction on Aug. 1, 1799. Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered and signed, See. Commissioners of the treasury empowered to defray the incidental expences attending the execution of this act. No fee to be taken for receiving or paying contribution monies for receipts, &c. on penalty of 20l. No person to take down the numbers of the tickets at the time of drawing, unless employed as a clerk, by the managers, or licensed so to do. Persons so licensed to receive from the stamp office numerical books, which shall be stamped on every leaf. Commissioners to grant such licences only on account of licensed lottery offices. Five pounds penalty on unlicensed persons taking down or publishing the numbers of tickets drawn, &c. On complaint, the magistrates of London may grant warrants for apprehending offenders. Persons in the actual commission of such offence, may be apprehended by any person, and carried before a magistrate, who may commit the offender, if penalty be not paid. Fifty pounds penalty^ on persons summoned or witnesses not appearing, Scc. Commissioners shall not be required to grant a licence for dealing in lottery tickets, unless it shall appear that the party is able to an fiver the penalty required by law, and he shall have deposited fifty tickets, he. Persons to whom licences are granted, to give bond agreeably to 22 Geo. 3. c. 4.7. At the end of twelve months after expiration of licences, the of may give up bonds, or put them in suit. Licences of persons neglecting to deposit or divide into shares fifty tickets, to be void; and the defaulters to be published in the Gazette, &c. In cases where licences under 22 Geo. 3. c. 47. are declared void, in such cases licences granted after the commencement of this act shall be void, for offences against this act or 27' Geo. 3. c. 1. Licences may be refilled to persons convicted. Twenty pounds penalty on persons continuing on their houses the words Licensed, he. after expiration of their licences. Executors, &c. may be authorised to carry on business for the residue of the term of licences. No tickets to be divided into any other shares than halyes, quarters, eights, and sixteenths, on penalty of 20k Persons conterfeiting shares, he. guilty of felony. Persons prepaiing or having in their custody, any register or lift of tickets, but as in this act particularized, or keeping any place for examining tickets, by any other than such lift, to forfeit 50I On complaint on oath of offences against 27 Geo. 3. c. 1. whereby the parties may be liable to punishment as rogues, justices may authorise persons to break open houses. Persons discoveredin such houses concerned in carrying on illegal transactions, to be punished as rogues, ^and maybe arrested, &c. Persons employing or aiding others to carry on such illegal transactions, to be detmed rogues and vagabonds. Manner in which actions for penalties shall be commenced. Where the amount of penalties sued for is not inserted in writs, the defendant to be served with a copy of the process. Offenders adjudged rogues and vagabonds may be committed.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for the better protection of the trade of this kingdom \ and for granting new and additional duties of customs on goods imported and

820 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 76. [1797.

exported, and on the tonnage of certain ships entering outwards or inwards to or from foreign parts, until the fgning the preliminary articles of peace.

[June 28, 1798.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it will add to the security of trade to prevent snips failing without convoy, except in certain cases: and whereas it is expedient that certain duties should he imposed, in order to defray the extraordinary expence arising from the protection given to the increased and extenfwe commerce of these kingdoms: we, therefore, your Majesty's most dutiful and ioyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, have resolved to grarit to your Majesty the duties herein after mentioned; and for the purpofts aforesaid, beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the From July 5, authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of July fel^belonging" one ^oufand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it shall not be to his Majes- lawful for any ship or vessel belonging to any of his Majesty's ty's subjects subjects (except as is herein after provided) to fail or depart from (except as any port or place whatever, unless under the convoy and protec-vfded)^tcTfail t, on or ships, vessel or vessels, as shall or may be without con- appointed for that purpose.

voy. IE And be it further enacted, That the master or other per-

Matters of ^on ftav'ng the charge or command of every such ship or vessel vessels not to which shall fail or depart under the protection of convoy, shall separate from and is hereby required to use his utmost endeavours to continue convoy with- with such convoy during the whole of the voyage, or during ou ea\e. such part tjiereof as such convoy shall be directed to accompany and protect such ship or vessel, and shall not wilfully separate or depart therefrom upon any pretence whatever, without order or leave for that purpose from the officer having the command Tf. of such convoy.

faifs without

III. And be it further enacted, That if any master or other convoy, or person having the charge or command of any such ship or vessel separates from which by this act is required not to fail or depart without convoy, 7f shall, contrary to the directions contained in this act, fail or

depart from any port or place whatever (except as herein after is provided) without such convoy as shall be appointed for that purpose, or shall afterwards desert or wilfully separate or depart from such convoy without leave obtained from the captain or other officer in his Majesty's navy, entrusted with the charge of such convoy, before such ship or vessel shall have arrived at the port or place of her destination, or so far on her voyage as such convoy shall be directed to accompany and protect such ship or vessel, every such master or other person having the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of one thousand pounds; and in case the whole or any part of the cargo of any such ship or vessel shall consist of

naval

leave, he shall forfeit i, ooool, and if the cargo be naval or mititary ttores, 1, 500l.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 76. 821

naval or military stores, every master or other person having the charge or command of such ship or vessel so loaden with* naval or military (fores, who shall fail or depart without such convoy as aforesaid, or shalt afterwards desert, or wilfully separate or depart from such convoy without leave obtained as aforesaid, shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of one thousand five hundred pounds: provided nevertheless, That it shall be mitigated lawful for the court out of which the record for the trial of any

action or suit for the recovery of any such penalty shall issue, to mitigate or lessen the same as the said court in their discretion shall think fit, having regard to the circumstances of the case and the value of the ship and cargo, so as by such mitigation the penalty be not made less than fifty pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any such ship or If a veffid foil vessel shall fail or depart without convoy, or shall afterwards without con-desert or wilfully separate or depart from such convoy, contrary

to the provisions of this act, every policy ofinsurance, or contract jt without or agreement for any insurance upon such ship or vessel, or upon, leave, the in-any goods, wares, or merchandize, laden or to be laden on board furances shall thereof, or upon any property, freight, or other interefi arising out of the same, whereon insurances may lawfully be made, (and pVoperty of which shall be the property of the master or other person having the master or the charge or command of such ship or vessel so failing without any person convoy, or wilfully quitting the same, or of any person interested tc> the in such ship or vessel, or cargo, who shall have directed, or [f any person have been any way privy to, or instrumental in, causing such shall transact: ship or vessel to fail without convoy, or wilfully separating the re- a settlement

from), shall be null and void, to all intents and purposes, both thereon» or

n, ..0 r r > allow any mo-

at law and in equity, any contract or agreement to the contrary ney on ac_

notwithstanding; and that nothing shall be recovered thereon count of loss, by the assured for loss or damage, or for the premium, or con- he shall forfeit sideration in the nature of a premium, which shall have been zo°* given for such insurance; and if any party to such insurance, his, her, or their executors or administrators, any broker, agent, or other person, shall knowingly make or effect, or procure to be made or effected, or shall negotiate or transact any settlement upon such insurance, or pay or allow in account, or agree to pay or allow in account or otherwise, any sum or sums of money upon any loss, peril, or contingency, relative to any such insurance, every such person fha]], for every such offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for Officers of the anypfficer or officers of his Majesty's customs, to permit orfuffer to^ermit vef any ftiip or vessel which is by this act required not to fail or felstobeclear-depart without convoy, to be cleared outwards from any port or ed outwards, place in Great Britain to foreign parts, until the master or other untd the maf-person having the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall tfon^not^to1 have given bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, with faij without one sufficient surety, in the penalty of the value of such ship or convoy, and vessel, which bond shall be taken by the collector or other prin- not to separate cipal officer of the customs at such port or place, who is hereby froin

authorised

SZ2,

Act not to extend to certain vessels.

No fee to be taken for licences.

Act not to extend to vessels failing from foreign ports, See. if there shall not be any convoy appointed.

Admiralty to give notice in the Gazette, Ax. that

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 76. [1797.

authorised and required to take such security, with condition that such ship or vessel shall not fail or depart without convoy, contrary to the directions contained in this act, and shall not after^ wards desert, or wilfully separate or depart from such convoy without leave obtained from the captain or other officer in his Majesty's navy, intruded with the charge of such convoy, before such ship or vessel shall have arrived at her port or place of defti-nation, or so far on her voyage as such convoy shall be appointed to accompany and protest such ship or vessel.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained, by which ships or vessels are required not to fail or depart without convoy, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any ship or vessel which is not required to be registered, by any act or acts of parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this act, or to any ship or vessel for which a licence shall be granted to fail or depart without convoy, either by the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral for the time being, or any three or more of them, or by such person or persons as shall be duly authorised by him or them, or any three or more of them, for that purpose, or to any ship or vessel proceeding with due diligence to join convoy from thevport or place at which the same shall be cleared outwards, in case such convoy shall be appointed to fail from some other port or place, except nevertheless as to the bond hereby required to be taken upon the clearance outwards of such ship or vessel, or to any ship or vessel bound to or from arty port or place within the kingdom of Ireland, or to any ship or vessel bound from any port or place within the kingdom of Great Britain, to any other port or place within the same, or to any ship or vessel belonging to, or hired by, or in the service or employ of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or the Hudson's Bay company.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no fee, gratuity, or reward, shall be demanded or received for any licence granted in pursuance or under the authority of this act.

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any ship or vessel failing or departing without convoy from any foreign port or place, nor to subject the master thereof, or any other person, to any of the rules, regulations, provisions, penalties, or forfeitures, hereby prescribed, directed and imposed, in case there shall not beany convoy appointed for such ships or vessels, nor any person or persons at such foreign port or place, duly authorised by the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral for the time being, or any three or more of them, to appoint convoys for such ships or vessels, or to grant licences to such ships or vessels to fail or depart without convoy.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral for the

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 76. 823

the time being, or any three or more of them, or such person as matters shall shall be duly authorised by him or them, or any three or more of to answer them, for that purpose, to give notice that all matters and other finals, with-persons having the charge or command of any ships or vessels out which which are by this act required not to fail or depart without con- they shall not voy, shall have on board their respective ships or vessels such flags, vanes, or other materials as shall be necessary for the purpose of distinguishing such ships or vessels, and of enabling such matters or other persons to answer the ttgnal or signals made by the captain or other officer in his Majesty's navy intrusted with the care of such convoy; such flags, vanes, or other materials to be provided by such matters and other persons having the charge and command of any ships or vessels which are required by this act not to fail without convoy; which notice shall be inserted in the London Gazette, and transmitted to the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England and Scotland, in order to the same being by them lent to the principal officers of the customs at the several ports for the information of the persons concerned, and that after such notice no such ship or vessel shall be permitted to be cleared outwards until it shall appear, to the satisfaction of the proper officer of the customs, that the ship is provided with such flags, vanes, or other materials.

X. And be it further enacted, That.so much of an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, inti- c?66. as*

tuled, An act for the encouragement of seamen, and for the better makes cap-

and ?nore effectually manning his Majesty's navy, as enacts. That if tains under

the captain of any merchant ship under convoy shall wilfully

disobey signals or instructions, or any other lawful commands of in the court ot

the commander of the convoy, or shall desert the convoy with- admiralty for

out notice given and leave obtained for that purpose, he shall be disobeying

liable to be articled against in the high court of admiralty, at the

suit of the crown, for disobedience to the orders of the convoy, ev vep_

and upon conviction thereof shall be.fined, at the discretion of fel required to

the said court, in any sum not exceeding five hundred pounds, fail with con-

and shall fuflfer such imprisonment, not exceeding one year, as voy, onpenalty

the said court shall adjudge, shall be painted on a board, and

affixed on some conspicuous and convenient part of every ship or

vessel Which by this act is required not to fail or depart without

convoy; and that in default thereof every matter or other person,

having the charge or command of any such ship or vessel, shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of fifty pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any ship or vessel, Matters of

which by this act is required not to fail or depart without con- "

voy, shall be in imminent danger of being boarded or taken boarded

possession of by the enemy, the matter, or other person having enemy, to7

the charge or command of such ship, shall make signals, by firing make signals

guns, or otherwise, to convey information of his danger to the t, ° reA o' 7./ # o theconvov

rest of the convoy, as well as to the ships of war under the pro- and

testion of which he is failing; and that in case of such ship being ed, to destroy

boarded and taken possession of, be shall destroy ail instructions instructions,

confided to him relating to the convoy; and every matter, or on penalty of

r IOCl.

824 Anno regni tricesimo octavo GEORGII HT. c. 76. [1797.

person having the charge and command of such vessel, who shall neglect to make such signals, or shall wilfully omit to destroy such instructions as before mentioned, shall, for every such offence, forfeit a sum not exceeding the sum of one hundred pounds.

Act not to ex-

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no-

failing° from CS thing in this act contained with respect to ships or vessels failing Guernsey, &c. or departing without convoy, or afterwards deserting, or wil-on or before fully Separating or departing from such convoy, shall extend, or Aug. 5; from j-, e construed to extend, to any ship or vessel which shall fail or m Eurorn- ori ^ePart f, orn ^ands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or or before*Man, or either of them, for or on account of such failing or de-Sept. 5; in parture, on or before the fifth day of Angufl one thousand seven the West In- hundred and ninety-eight, or from any other port or place in rica Tn orbe- ^uroPe5 on or before the fifth day of September one thousand seven fore*061. 5; hundred and ninety-eight, or from any port or place in the West and in Africa Indies, or any other part of America, on or before the fifth day of or fl°l}er one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or from nv f>any port or p|ace in Africa or Asia, on or before the fifth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

"Recovery and

XIII. And be it further enacted, That one moiety of all pe-application ofeuniary penalties and forfeitures hereby imposed, as far as the

before Nov. 5, 1798.

penalties.

His Majesty's attorney general in England and ad-

same relate to ships or vessels failing without convoy, or wilfully separating or departing from such convoy, or to insurances, shall (if sued for within the space of one year from the time of any such penalty or forfeiture being incurred) be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of suit, to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same within the time aforesaid, and which shall and may fie sued for in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster for offences committed in England, or at sea, or in parts beyond the seas, and in his Majesty's court of exchequer at Edinburgh for offences committed in Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; and in default of prosecution within the time herein-before limited, no such penalty or forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable, except in the name of his Majesty's attorney general in England or advocate in Scotland, by information in the respective courts aforesaid, in which case the whole of such penalty or forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and that all penalties and forfeitures, and shares of penalties and forfeitures incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall be paid into the hands of the receiver general of his Majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively, for the time being, and be appropriated and applied in the same manner, and to the same uses and purposes, as the duty of tonnage on ships by this act imposed is directed to be appropriated and applied.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any such prosecution shall be commenced by any person or persons for the recovery of any such penalty or forfeiture as

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 76* 825

aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's attorney vocateinScot-general in England or advocate in Scotland, in case it shall appear ^o^eeffin to their satisfaction respectively that such penalty or forfeiture profecu-was incurred without any intention of fraud, to (fop all further tions. proceedings on every such prosecution, as well with respebf to the (bare of such penalty or forfeiture to which any such person may claim to be entitled, as to the share thereof belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon such terms nevertheless, as to cofis and otherwise, as such attorney general or advo-. cate shall think reasonable.

XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, there shall be raisedr levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any goods, wares, or merchandize imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain from foreign parts, and upon any goods, wares, or merchandize exported from the kingdom of Great Britain to foreign parts, the several new and additional duties of customs as the same are respectively Inserted, described, and set forth in figures in the tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.), (B.), (C.), and (D.), except as herein after is provided.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where by the table hereunto annexed, marked (A.), the new and additional duties of customs by this act imposed upon the importation of goods, wares, and merchandize into this kingdom, are charged not according to the weight, tale, gauge, or measure, but according to the value thereof, such value shall be taken and considered as the same shall be at the port of importation, without any abatement or deduction whatever, except of so much as the duties payable on the importation thereof by this or any other abt of parliament shall amount to; and that such value shall be ascertained, except as herein after is provided, by the declaration of the importer or proprietor of such goods, wares, or merchandize, so imported, or of his known agent or fablor, in the manner and form, and under all the rules and regulations, and subject to the same forfeitures and penalties as are prescribed, directed, and imposed for ascertaining and collecting the duties to be paid according to the value thereof, by an abt pasted in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, and for other purposes; and in case such goods, wares, or merchandize, shall not be valued according to the true and real value thereof, and according to the true intent and meaning of this act, then it shall be lawful for the proper officer or officers of the customs to cause the same to be detained, and the said goods, wares, or merchandize shall be dealt with, and the proper officers of the customs shall proceed in every respect in the manner prescribed in such case by the said recited act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if upon the importation of any goods, wares, or merchandize, on which the new

and

From July, 5, 1798, the additional duties of customs in the annexed tables, A.B. C, and D. to be paid.

Where, by table (A.), the duties are charged according to value, it shall be taken as at the port of importation, deducting duties, and ascertained according to 27 Geo. 3. c. 13 £ and if not truly valued, the goods may be detained by the officers of the customs, &c.

If the real value cannot be ascertained without the

826 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 76.

[1797. goods being and additional duties of customs hereby imposed are charged, ill examined^a ta^e hereunto annexed, marked (A.), according to the va-deposit to*fe- ^ue thereof, the importer or proprietor of such goods, wares, or cure the new merchandize, his known agent or factor, shall not be able - tQ; duties may be make an entry of such goods, wares, or merchandize, accord-wh^n^Per 'nS to true anc^ rea^ va^ue thereof, without the same being tained the du-lan^ed and examined, such importer, proprietor, agent, or fac-ties to be paid for, shall, upon making oath before the collector or comptroller before delivery of the customs at the pprt of importation, that he is not enabled of the goods; ro ascertain the true and real value thereof in the manner hereinbefore prescribed, be at liberty to make a deposit sufficient to secure the new and additional duties hereby imposed, and the value of such goods, wares, or merchandize, shall in such case, as soon as may be after the examination thereof, be ascertained by the declaration of such importer, proprietor, agent, or factor, in the manner and subject to the rules, regulations, forfeitures, and penalties, herein-before directed, and the said new and additional duties shall be paid (except as herein after is provided) and if their before the delivery of such goods, wares, or merchandize; and value cannot, -f t|ie value of any such goods, wares, or merchandize, imported

be ascertained j^o this kingdom, cannot, after examination thereof, be ascer-wnhout being. r & 5, r

fold, they may tamed, so as to enable the importer or proprietor thereof, or his

be delivered known agent or factor, to make an entry according to the true for that pur- and rea| value thereof, without the said goods, wares, or mer-ment°of^he' C^anc^ize^ being publickly fold, and the same shall be made ap-former duties, Pear to r^e satisfaction of the commissioners of his Majesty's &c. customs, or any three or more of them, in England or Scotland respectively, the said goods, wares, and merchandize, after payment of the duties charged thereon by any former act or acts of parliament in force, on or immediately before the passing of this act, shall and may be delivered for the purpose of being so publickly fold, such deposit being made as aforesaid, and the entry of such goods, wares, or merchandize shall in such case be completed within seven days after such sale, and the new and additional duties hereby imposed shall be paid upon the value thereof, according to the price at which such goods, wares, or merchandize shall have been so publickly fold, without any abatement or deduction whatever, except of so much as the duties payable on the importation thereof, by this or any other act of parliament, shall amount to, such price to be ascertained by the oath of the importer or proprietor of such goods, wares, or merchandize, or of his known agent or factor, before the collector or comptroller of the customs at the port of importation: Duties not to provided always, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be extend to cer- construed to extend, to charge with the new and additional du-taina, tices, tjes Gf cu{foms hereby imposed, the following articles; that is to say, Bullion imported or exported, fresh fish, British taken,; and imported in British-buWt ships or vessels owned, navigated,

'and registered according to law, turbots and lobsters however itaken or imported, corn or grain imparted, sugar imported from any part of the united states of America, and warehoused sugar

having

r797-3 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 76. S27

having been so imported and warehoused, exported from such warehouse, cinnamon, cloves, mace, or nutmegs, furs and skins of the produce of and imported from any British colony or plantation in America^ Spanish wool imported, tobacco, coffee, nor0 tobac-cocoa nuts, or rice, imported and warehoused, unless and until such pQ^d and" tobacco, sugar, coffee, cocoa nuts, or rice, shall be taken out of such warehoused warehouse for the purpose of being used or consumed in this king* until taken out derm, in which case the said new and additional duties shall be paid for homecou-to the proper officer of the customs, before such tobacco, coffee, iumPtion-cocoa nuts, or rice, shall be delivered out of such warehouse, for the purpose of being so used or consumed in this kingdom.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in cases where by V*the

the table hereunto annexed, marked (B ), the new and addi- ^ties upon C tional duties of customs hereby imposed upon goods, wares, and goodsimport-merchandize, imported by the united company of merchants of ed by the East England trading to the East Indies, are charged, not according to India com* the weight, tale, gauge, or measure, but according to the value charU^ac-thereof, such value shall be ascertained by the gross price at which cording to the such goods, w^ares, or merchandize, shall be sold at the publick value, it shall sales of the said company, and the said new and additional duties ascertained shall be paid thereon as the same are inserted, described, and set price aftheir forth in the said table marked (B.) publick sales.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Additional new and additional duties of customs hereby imposed upon goods, duties on wares, and merchandize imported by the said united company of goods import-merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall be due com^ and payable upon all such goods, wares, and merchandize, as pony, to be shall, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven payable on all hundred and ninety-eight, be sold at the publick sales of the said sold at their company, and shall be paid or secured in such manner, and at publick a es such times, and subject to such rules, regulations, and restrictions, as are prescribed and directed, with rofpedt to the payment of any former duties imposed by any ad( or acts of parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this a£(,

upon such goods, wares, and merchandize, respectively imported by the said company.

XX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Additional

act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge on

with the new and additional duties of customs hereby imposed, goods import-any goods, wares, or merchandize, which are already, or shall ed by the Ealt be imported by the united company of merchants of England Mia com-trading to the Eojl Indies, on or before the fifth day of July one beforeTul" thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight. 1793.*

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the value of all goods, \yjlere by wares-, and merchandize, imported or brought into this king-table (A.), dom, and condemned as prize, and on which the new and addi- prize goods tional duties of customs are by this act imposed and charged in a[e to the table hereunto annexed, marked, (A.), not according to the cor^g to - weight, tale, gauge, or measure, but according to the value their value, it thereof, shall be ascertained by the gross price at which such* shall he ascer-goods, wares, or merchandize, shall be publickly fold, without rice^at

from July 5, 179s-

any deduction or abatement whatever. Vol. XLI. I 1 1

which pub-

XXII. Andlickly (old.

828 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 76. [1797.

Where, by

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where by the^duUes on ta^e hereunto annexed, marked (C.), the new and addi-the exporta-i°nal duties of customs by this act imposed upon the exportation tion of goods of goods, wares, and merchandize from this kingdom, are are charged charged not according to the weight, tale, gauge, or measure, but according to the value thereof, such value shall be taken and considered as the same shall be at the port of exportation, without any deduction or abatement whatever, except of so much as the duties of customs and excise paid or payable by this or any other act of parliament on any such goods, wares, or merchandize shall amount to; and that such value shall be ascertained (except as herein after is provided) by the declaration of the exporter or proprietor of such goods, wares, and merchandize, or of his known agent or factor, in the manner and form, and under all the rules and regulations, and subject to the same forfeitures and penalties as are prescribed, directed, and imposed, for ascertaining and collecting the duties to be paid according to the value thereof, by an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, and for other purposes; and in case such goods, wares, or merchandize shall not be valued according to the true and real value thereof, and according to tive true intent and meaning, of this act, then it shall be lawful for the proper officer or officers of the customs to cause the same to be detained; and the said goods,

' wares, or merchandize shall be dealt with, and the proper officers of the customs shall proceed in every respect in the manner prescribed in such case by the said recited a£h If on entry of

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if at the time of such goods for making the entry for the exportation of any goods, wares, or

according to the value, it ill all be taken as at the port of exportation. dedufr-ing the duties; and if not truly valued, they may be detained by the officers of the customs, &c.

exportation the exporter cannot aider-tain the true value, they may be exported, on giving bond in treble the

merchandize, on which the new and additional duties of customs hereby imposed, are charged in the table hereunto annexed, marked (C.), according to the value thereof, the exporter or proprietor of such goods, wares, or merchandize so entered for exportation, his known agent or factor, shall not be able to ascertain the true and real value thereof, such exporter, proprietor, agent, or factor shall, upon making oath thereof before amount of the the col!e£tor or comptroller of the customs at the port of ex-iuppoted va- portation^ be permitted to ship and export such goods, wares.

the*duties in or merchandize, upon giving bond to his Majesty, his heirs and three months, successors, with one sufficient surety, in treble the amount of the &<-. supposed or estimated duty on the value of such goods, wares,

or merchandize, conditioned for the payment of the new and additional duties hereby imposed, within three calendar months, according to the true and real value thereof, to be ascertained in the manner herein-before directed, and for producing the invoice and bills of pareels, and such other documents as shall be required by the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs, or any three or more of them, in England and Scotland respectively, in case the production thereof shall be thought necessary by the said of respectively, for the purpose of ascertaining the

true

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 76. 829

true and real value of such goods, wares, or merchandize lb exported as aforesaid.

XXIV. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained New duties

shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the newC

and additional duties of customs hereby imposed, any goods, the produc-wares, or merchandize of the growth, production, or manu-tion of Ireland fasture of the kingdom of Ireland, imported directly from thence imported from into this kingdom; nor to charge with the said new and addi- th^Hn^dom tional duties any goods, wares, or merchandize whatsoever, goods°ex-

exported from this kingdom to the kingdom of Ireland; 'or any ported to Ire-goods, wares, or merchandize imported from, or exported to land, nor to Hudsons Bay by the Hudson s Bay company; nor to charge with the new and additional duties of customs by this act imposed, exporte<j to any goods, wares, or merchandize, of the growth, produce, or Hudson'sBay manufacture, of the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, by the com* or Man, upon the importation thereof into the kingdom of Great ParJ7? nor Britain directly from the said islands respectively, in case such froi^Guern-goods, wares, or merchandize, were allowed by any act or acts fey, &c. of parliament in force, on or immediately before the passing of this act, to be imported without the payment of any customs or other duties, except such excise or other duty as is now or shall hereafter for the time being be due and payable for the like goods of the growth, produce, and manufacture of Great Britain, but that all such goods, wares, and merchandize, may be so imported as aforesaid, if accompanied by the proper certificates, without payment of the said new and additional duties, subject nevertheless to all the rules, regulations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, to which the same are liable when imported from the said islands without payment of the customs or other duties as aforesaid under the authority of any act or acts of parliament in force on or immediately before the pasting of this act.

XXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing not to exin this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to Ported*'to charge with the new and additional duties of customs hereby the jfle Gf imposed, any goods, wares, or merchandizes exported from Man, by au-this kingdom to the Isle of Man, which shall be so exported by thorny of the virtue and under the authority of any licence which the commis- of^ufto*m^erS sioners of Majesty's customs in England or Scotland, or any three norto exporter more of them respectively, are or may be by law authorised ed cotton ma-and empowered to grant, nor to charge with the said duties any nufasture or cotton yarn, or other cotton manufactures, being of the manu- (jrcat hain> fasture of Great Britain, exported from this kingdom to any port

or place whatever.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing nor to certain in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to art, cles excharge with the new and additional duties of customs hereby Newfound-imposed, the following articles exported from this kingdom to land.

the island of Newfoundland; videlicet, Any fort of craft, food, victuals, cloathing, or other goods fit and needfary for the British flfhery established in the said island, or for the use or support of the mariners or other persons employed on board the vessels,

1 1 1 2 or

83°

Importers of the produce of the Newfoundland fishery, directly from Newfoundland. may give bond in treble the supposed duty that it shall be exported, or that the additional duties shall be paid in a year.

On payment of duties on entry for exportation, a discount to be allowed.

Persons making a false declaration of the value of goods shipt for exportation, to forfeit the true value.

Fees not to be taken for any additional entry on account of new duties.

Bonds not chargeable with damp duty.

The of of the customs may order entry to be amended of goods detained on account of not being duly valued, upon such terms as they think fit, and if accept-

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii'III. c. 76. [1797.

or on shore, in carrying on the said'fishery: provided also, That it shall and may be lawful for the importer, proprietor, or consignee, of any fish, oil, blubber, seal skins, or other produce of the British Newfoundland fishery, imported into this kingdom, directly from the island of Newfoundland, to give bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, with one sufficient surety in the penalty of treble the amount of the supposed or estimated duty on fitch fish, oil, or other produce as aforesaid, with condition that such fish, oil, or other produce of the said fishery, shall be duly-exported from this kingdom, or that the new and additional duties of customs by this act imposed on the importation thereof, shall be paid within twelve calendar months from the date of such bond, which bond shall be taken by the collector of the customs at the port of importation, who is hereby authorised and required to take such bond.

XXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all cases where the new and additional duties of customs hereby imposed upon the exportation of any goods, wares, or merchandize, shall be paid down in ready money at' the time of making the entry, a discount at and after the rate of two pounds and ten shillings for every hundred pounds of the amount of such duties shall be allowed and deducted therefrom.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any exporter or proprietor of any goods, wares, or merchandize entered for exportation, his known agent or factor, shall knowingly and fraudulently make any false declaration of the value of any such goods, wares, or merchandize, after the same shall have been allowed to be shipped for exportation, every such exporter, proprietor, agent, or factor shall, for every such offence, forfeit a ium equal to the true and real value of all such goods, wares, or merchandize.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the fees due and payable by law, at and immediately before the passing of this act, upon any entry or cocl^et inwards or outwards, shall not be demanded or taken by or for the use of any officer of his Majesty's customs, for any additional entry required to be made on account of the new and additional duties imposed by this pdf.

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no bond to be taken in pursuance of this act, shall be chargeable with any of the duties upon damped vellum, parchment, or paper; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any goods, wares, or merchandize, upon which the said new and additional duties of customs are hereby imposed, shall be detained by any officer of the customs on account of the same not being valued according to the true and real value thereof, and according to the true intent and meaning of this act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England for the time being, or any four or more of them, and the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in Scotland for the time being, or any three or more of them, upon proof being made to their

satisfaction

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 76..S31

satisfaction that no fraud was intended, to diredf the entry to be ed the propri-amended upon such terms and conditions as, under the cireum- be°ent]tlednto fiances of the case, shall appear to the said of of the damages. customs in England and Scotland respectively to be reasonable, and as they shall think fit to direc1: provided always, That if the importer, exporter, or proprietor of such goods, wares, or merchandize, shall accept the terms or conditions prescribed by the said commissioners of the customs respectively, such importer, exporter, or proprietor shall not have or be entitled to any recompence or damage on account of the detention of such goods, wares, or merchandize, or have or maintain any action whatever for the same; any law, custom, or uf2ge, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, Thgt, from and after the From July 5,

fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, ^iesof^onnall" there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the irstable^E1)6 life of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several duties on to be paid on {hips and velleis, according to the tonnage thereof, entering vessels enter-outwards or inwards at any port within the kingdom of Great ^/j^u^ard^3 Britain, to or from foreign parts, as the same are respectively Great Britain inserted, described, and set forth in figures in the table hereunto from foreign annexed, marked (E, ), except as herein after is provided. parts.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the several duties Tonnage du-

of tonnage hereby imposed on {hips and vessels entering outwards ties PaYable w j l # r o every vov3src

or inwards to or from foreign parts, shall be due and payable to an(j^6 9

the proper officer appointed to receive the same, each and every computed ac-

voyage any such ship or vessel shall so enter outwards or inwards cording to 26

at any port within the kingdom of Great Britain; and that the ^eo* 2* c. 6o*

tonnage of every such ship or vessel shall be computed and taken

according to the register thereof, under the provisions of an act,

passed in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign,

intituled An act for the further in ere ofe and encouragement of

shipping and navigation; and in case of any doubt or dispute

relative thereto, the same shall be ascertained by admeasurement,

in the mode and manner prescribed and directed by the said act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no ship or vessel N° vessel to upon which the tonnage duty by this a <Si imposed is due and j toward ^till payable, shall be permitted to be cleared inwards in any port of the tonnage this kingdom, unless the said tonnage duty shall have been firfhdutyis paid, duly paid to the proper officer of the customs to receive the same; an^.not and in case such duty shall not be so paid within thirty days from the report of any ship or vessel arriving from foreign parts, it the vessel, &c. shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's may be de-customs in England for the time being, or any four or more anc*

them, or for the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in 10

Scotland for the time being, or any three or more of them, if they shall think fit, to cause such ship or vessel, and her masts, tackle, apparel, and furniture, to be detained, and afterwards fold publickly to the bed bidder, and the produce thereof to be applied first to the charges that shall arise by such detention and sale, next to the tonnage duty imposed by this act, and the overplus

1 1 1 3 to

No vessel to be entered outwards for foreign parts, unless the tonnage duty

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 76.

[17^7.

to be paid to the proprietor of such ship or vessel, or other person duly authorised by such proprietor to receive the same; and that it shall not be lawful for the collector or other officer of the customs at any port in this kingdom, to permit any ship or vessel to be entered outwards for foreign parts, or any cocket or entry to pass for any goods, wares, or merchandize to be shipped on

has been paid. ^0ard any such ship or vessel, unless the tonnage duty hereby imposed on such ship or vessel shall have been first duly paid:

this act shall extend, or be

in

Tonnage duty provided always, Tha

to Vssds^not con^ruc(^ to extend, to charge the tonnage duty hereby imposed

nothing

veil'd s in baliaft.

Duties to be under the management of the commissioners of customs.

Additional duties to be managed as

required to ce on-any British-built ship or vessel, or on any ship or vessel owned registered, nor by British subjects, which is not required to be registered by any aif or acts of parliament in force on or immediately before the pasting of this act, or on any ship or vessel whatever which shall enter outwards or inwards in ballad only.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That such of the new and additional duties of customs, and of the duties of tonnage by this aeft imposed, as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the management of the commissioners of the customs in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the management of the commissioners of the customs in Scotland for the time being.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the new and additional duties of customs hereby imposed shall and may be

former duties, managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, and the goods secured, and recovered in such and the like manner, and in and to t^he rules^to any an^ either of the ways, means, or methods by which any which goods of the duties of customs on goods, wares, or merchandize imposed liable to cuf- and payable by the said herein-before recited act passed in the tom duties twenty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, or by any u Je other act or acts of parliament in force on or immediately before

the passing of this act, 'were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, and recovered; and the goods, wares, and merchandize so by this act made chargeable with the said new and additional duties of customs, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures to which any goods, wares, or merchandize upon which any duties of customs are imposed and payable, were subject and liable by any act or acts of parliament in force on or immediately before the pasting of this act, and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture for any offence whatever committed against or in breach of any act or acts of parliament in force on or immediately before the pasting of this act, made for securing the revenue of customs, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the several clauses, powers, and directions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in execution for and in respect of the new and additional duties of customs hereby charged, as far as the same are applicable thereto, in as

full

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 76. 833

full and ample a manner, to all intents and purposes whatever, as if all and every the said atls, clauses, provisions, powers, directions, pains, penalties, and forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present a£L

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the monies Dudes to be arising by the new and additional duties of cu(loms, and the j^cheavier e duties of tonnage imposed by this act, shall from time to time be'separate from paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, distinctly and other monies, apart from all other branches of the publick revenues; and that

there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said respective duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatever; and the said monies so paid into the said receipt, shall be subject and liable to the uses and purposes herein after mentioned.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the monies Application arising from the duties by this act imposed, shall, together with ot duties, any other, rates and duties, granted or to be granted in this session

of parliament, not exceeding in the whole the sum of (even millions, from time to time as the same shall be paid into the said receipt, be issued and applied to such services as shall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain in this present session of parliament, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit Limitation of shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for a<ftions.

any thing done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within three calendar months next after the fact

committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the county or

place where the Cause of complaint did arise, and not elsewhere;

[General issue.]

and the defendant or defendants in every such action or suit may

plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter

in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit, or

if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his,

her, or their action or suit after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given

[Treble costs.]

against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any

defendant hath in any other cases to recover costs by law.

XL. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be and Continuance continue in force until the signing the preliminary articles of °* ac*peace, and no longer.

iii4 TABLE

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 76. [1797.

TABLE (A.)

A TABLE of new and additional Duties of Customs, payable on the goods, wares, and merchandize, therein enumerated or described, imported or brought into this kingdom, not being imported by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

INWARDS.

LMONDS, VIZ.

- bitter almonds, the hundred weight

- Jordan almonds, the hundred weight of any other fort, the hundred weight

Aloes, viz.

- epatica, the hundred pounds

--fuccotrina, the hundred pounds

Alum, viz. such alum, the hundred weight Anchovies, the barrel containing sixteen pounds of fish Anniseeds. See Seed.

Angelica root, the hundred pounds

Annotto, the hundred pounds -

Antimonium crudum, the hundred weight -

Aqua fortis, the hundred weight

Argol, the hundred weight -

Arsenic, the hundred weight

Ashes, viz.

--pearl allies, the hundred weight

- pot allies, the hundred weight

Affa foetida, the hundred pounds Balsam, viz.

--artificial, the pound -

--copaivse, the pound -

- natural, the pound

Barilla, the hundred weight -

Bark, viz.

--cortex peruvianus, or jesuits bark, the pound

--oak bark, the hundred weight

Bayberries, the hundred weight Bees wax. See Wax.

Blubber. See Oil.

Bonnets. See Hats.

Books, viz.

--bound books, the hundred weight

- unbound books, the hundred weight Boxes, viz.

--nest boxes, the gross containing 12 dozen nests,

each nest containing eight boxes

--pill boxes, the gross containing twelve dozen

nests, each nest containing four boxes

DUTY.

£ s. d.

0 I 10

O 5 10

0 2 5

0 3 0

0 4 0

0 0 11

0 1 2 i

0 1 6

0 18 0

0 1 2 - a

0 2 8.i

0 1 IO

0 1 10

0 1 4

0 1 2t

0 4 6

0 0

0 0 3

0 0 1

0 v 1 6

0 0 1

0 0 2

0 0 10

094

048

Olio

o i 21-Boxes

Boxes continued,

- land boxes, the gross containing twelve dozen boxes -

Brandy. See Spirits.

Brazil wood, the ton containing twenty hundred weight -

Brimstone, the hundred weight Bristles, rough or undreffect, the dozen pounds Bugle, viz. great bugle, the hundred pounds Builion, or foreign coin, of gold or silver. Free. Cambogium, or gutta gainbia, the hundred pounds Camphire, viz.

--refined, the pound -

unrefined, the pound

Candles of wax, the pound Cantharides, the pound Capers, the hundred pounds Cardemoms, the pound Cassia fistula, the hundred weight Cassia lignea, the pound Castor oil. See Oil.

Caftorum, the pound -

Cheese, the hundred weight

Cinnamon, the pound

Clover feed. See Seed.

Cloves, the pound

Cochineal, the pound -

Cocoa nuts, the hundred weight Coffee, the hundred weight Copperas, viz.

--green, the hundred weight

--white, the hundred weight

Cordage, the ton, containing twenty hundred weight Corn and grain. Free.

Cork, the hundred weight Cotton wool. See Wool.

Cotton yarn. See Yarn.

Cream of tartar, the hundred weight Currants, the hundred weight Down, the hundred pounds Elephants teeth, the hundred weight Feathers.for beds, the hundred weight Figs, the hundred weight

Fish, viz. fresh fish, British taken, and imported in British built ships or vessels. Free.

Flax, rough or undreffect, the ton containing twenty hundred weight -

DUTY.

s. d:

O 0 4

2 8 0

O 0 9

O 0 5

O 7 0

090

O 0 It

0 0 1

0 0 7

0 3 6

0 0 1

0 1 4

0 0 1

0 0 2

0 0 11

0 0 4

0 0

0 0 IO

0 2 9

0 3 4

0 0 2

0 1 6

I 1 8

0 0 7

0 3 4

0 1

0 6 -6

a5 0

0 5 4

0 1 10

1 1 O

Fustic,

Anno

INWARDS.

Fustic, the hundred weight Galls, the hundred weight Geneva. See spirits.

Gentian, the hundred pounds Ginger, the hundred weight Ginfang, the hundred pounds Goose quills. See quills.

Gum, viz.

--arabic, the hundred weight

--armoniac, the hundred weight

--copal, the hundred pounds

- guiaci, the hundred pounds'

--senega, the hundred weight

*--- tragagantlf; the pound

Hair, viz.

--cow, or ox hair, the hundred weight

--horse hair, the pound

--human hair, the pound

Hats, viz.

--bast or straw hats or bonnets, the dozen

--chip, cane, or horse hair hats, or bonnets, the

dozen -

Hemp, rough or undreffect, the ton containing twenty hundred weight Hides, viz.

--horse hides, the hide

--lofti hides, the pound

--cow or ox hides, the hide

Indico, viz.

--of the produce of any British colony or plantation, the hundred pounds

--of the produce of any part of the united states

of America, the hundred pounds

--of the produce of any other country or place,

the hundred pounds Ireland. Goods, wares, and merchandize of the growth, production, or manufacture of the kingdom of Ireland, imported directly from thence. Free.

Iron, viz. in bars or unwrought, the ton containing twenty hundred weight Isinglass, the hundred pounds Juniper berries, the hundred w&ight Kid /kins. See Skins.

Lamb skins. See Skins.

DUTY.

£, Ss d.

0 O 1

O 4 1

O 1 9

O 1 6

O 5 0

0 3 0

0 10 10

0 7 6

0 7 0

0 4 10

0 0 I*

0 1 6

0 0 1

0 0 2

0 0 3

0 0 3

0 19 3

0 0 Si

0 0 1

0 0 5

05 0

0 10 0

I 2 6

o 10 10 059 o o 10

Lead

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 7

Table (A) — continued. INWARDS*

DUTY.

Lead, viz.

- black lead, the hundred weight

- white lead, the hundred weight

Lemons, the thousand -

Linen, viz.

- cambricks and French lawns, the half piece

containing fix and an half ells --canvass, viz.

- heffens canvass, or Dutch barras, the one hundred and twenty ells

- packing canvass, guttings, spruce, elbing, or

Queensborough canvass, the one hundred and twenty ells

- drillings, and pack duck, the one hundred and

twenty ells -

- Flanders and Holland linen plain, not exceeding

one ell one eighth in breadth, the one hundred and twenty ells

- German, Switzerland, east country, (except

Russia), and Silesia cloth, plain; viz.

- not above thirty-one and an half inches in

breadth, the one hundred and twenty ells

- above - thirty-one and an half inches in

breadth, and not exceeding thirty-six inches, the one hundred and twenty ells

- above thirty-six inches in breadth, the one hundred and twenty ells --- lawns, viz.

- Silesia and all other lawns, plain (except

French lawns) not bleached in Holland, the piece not exceeding eight yards in length

- Silecia and all other lawns, plain (except French lawns) bleached in Holland, the piece not exceeding eight yards in length -

- Russia linen, plain, viz.

- towelling and napkining of the manufacture

of Russia not exceeding twenty-two and an half inches in breadth, the one hundred and twenty ells -

- narrow Russia linen, not otherwise enumerated, not exceeding twenty-two and an half inches in breadth, the one hundred and twenty ells -

- linen cloth and diaper of Russia exceeding twenty-two and an half inches in breadth, and not exceeding thirty-one and an half inches, the one hundred and twenty ells -

£. s.

0 0 7

O I o 032

014

023

016

050

o 14 5

030

067 O 10 3

004 o o 5i-

o 1 10

o 1 4

0 3 7 Linen

Linen continued.

- linen cloth and diaper of Russia exceeding thirty-one and an half inches in breadth, and not exceeding thirty-six inches, the one hundred and twenty ells

- linen cloth and diaper of Russia exceeding

thirty-six inches in breadth, and not exceeding forty-five inches, the one hundred and twenty ells -

- linen cloth and diaper of Russia exceeding forty-five inches in breadth, the one hundred and twenty ells

Linseed. See Seed.

Lobsters. Free.

Logwood, the ton containing twenty hundred weight Mace, the pound -

Madder, viz.

--mull madder, the hundred weight

--of any other fort, the hundred weight

--madder root, the hundred weight

Mahogany, the ton containing twenty hundred weight Manna, the hundred pounds

Mats of Russia, the hundred containing five score Melasses, the hundred weight -

Mohair yarn. See Yarn.

Morels, the pound Mustard feed. See Seed.

Myrrh, the hundred pounds Nutmegs, the pound -

Nuts, viz.

- chestnuts the bushel -

--small nuts, the bushel -

Oak bark. See Bark.

Oil or blubber, viz.

--blubber of Newfoundland, the ton containing

two hundred and fifty-two gallons

--castor oil, the gallon -

--ordinary oil of olives, the ton containing two

hundred and fifty-two gallons

--sallad oil, the hundred gallons

--spermacaeti oil, the ton containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons

--train oil, or blubber, fish oil, or oil of seals or

other creatures living in the Teas, not otherwise enumerated or described, the ton containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons Olibanum, or incense, the hundred weight

DUTY. £ s d-

0 5 1

0 6 4

0 10 10

0 7 3

0 0 11

0 0 3

0 2 2

-O 2 3

0 IO 10

0 5 9

0 1 10

0 1 0

0 0 2

0 7 6

0 0 11

0 0 3

0 0 54

0 4 3

0 0 7

I i7 2

0 18 0

2 3 10

0 16 10

0 1 IO

Onion

INWARDS.

Onion feed. See Seed.

Opium, the gound -

Oranges, the thousand -

Orchella, the hundred weight -

Pearl barley, or barley hulied, the hundred weight Pepper, viz. Long pepper, the hundred pounds PL'iure*, viz.

--of four feet square, or upwards, the picture

--of two feet square, and under four feet square,

the picture -

- under two feet square, the picture

Pimento, the hundred pounds

Pitch, the last containing twelve barrels, each barrel containing thirty-one and an half gallons

Plate, viz.

- of gold wrought, the ounce troy

--of silver ungilt, the ounce troy

- of silver part gilt, the ounce troy

--of silver gilt, the ounce troy

Plums dried, the hundred pounds

Prunes, the hundred weight -

1 0 Quicksilver, the pound -

Quills, viz. Goose quills, the thousand

Rags old, fit only to make paper, the ton containing

twenty hundred weight -

Raisins, viz.

- Denia raisins, the hundred weight

- Faro raisins, the hundred weight

--Lipra, or Belvidere raisins, the hundred weight

--Lexia raisins, the hundred weight

- Smyrna raisins, the hundred weight

--of the fun, the hundred weight

--all other raisins not otherwise enumerated or described, the hundred weight Rape seed. See Seed.

Rhubarb, the pound Rice, the hundred weight -

Rosin, the hundred weight -

Rum. See Spirits.

Saccarum Saturni, the hundred pounds Safflower, the hundred weight -

Saffron, the pound -

Salt, the wey containing forty bushels Salt petre, the hundred weight Sarsaparilla, the hundred pounds Scamony, the pound

DUTY.

I.s. d.

0 I

0 3 7

0 4 2

0 0 7

0 3 3

2 O O

I 6 8

03 4

0 1 9

0 3 0 L

0 4 10

0 0 2

0 0 3

0 0 3i

0 5 0

0 2 0

0 0 ii

0 O 2i

03 3

0 1 i

0 1 2

0 1 2

0 1 6

0 0 8

0 2 3

0 1 1

0 0 6

0 0 6

0 0 3

0 4 0

0 4 0

0 1 0

0 0 91

0 1 ni

0 5 0

0 0 74 Seed,

INWARDS.

Seed, viz.

- annifeeds the hundred weight -

--carraway feed, the hundred weight

- clover feed, the hundred weight --- linseed, the bushel

--mufiard feed, the hundred weight

- onion feed, the hundred weight

- rape seed, the quarter containing eight bushels

Sena the pound -

Shumack, the hundred weight Silk, viz.

- raw silk of Turkey, the pound containing fix-

teen ounces -

- raw silk of any other country, the pound containing sixteen ounces

- thrown silk, the pound containing sixteen ounces

- wade silk, the pound containing sixteen ounces

Silver plate. See Plate.

Skins, viz.

- kid skins in the hair undreffect, the hundred

containing five (core -

- lamb skins in the wool undressed, the hundred

containing fix score Smalts, the hundred pounds -

Spirits, viz.

- brandy, the gallon -

- geneva, the gallon -

- rum the hundred gallons

- of all other forts not otherwise enumerated or described, the gallon Succades, the pound -

Sugar, the hundred weight Tallow, the hundred weight Tamarinds, the hundred weight Tar, the lait containing twelve barrels, each barrel not exceeding thirty-one and an half gallons Tobacco the hundred pounds -

Tortoishell, the pound -

Tow, the ton, containing twenty hundred weight Truffles, the pound -

Turbots. Free.

Turmeric, the hundred pounds Turpentine common, the hundred weight;

Vaionia, the hundred weight Verdegrease, viz.

--common, the hundred pounds

- crystallized, the hundred pounds

Vermillion, the pound

DUTY.

£ s. d.

O I IO

O 0 7

O 2 3

O O 2

O O 5

O 3 11

O 1 2

O 0 8

O 0 Si

O 0 6

O 0 1

O 0 it

O 3 2

O 3 2

0 4 0

O 0 it

O5 0

O 0 2t

O 1 IO

O 1 6

: O 0 10

O 2 5

O 2 6

O 0 4

O 11 5

O 2 3

O 0 1

O 0 9

O 6 9

0 7 6

0 0 3

Wax,

Wax, viz.

--bees wax, white or manufactured, the hundred

weight -

- bees wax, unmanufactured, the hundred weight Wine, viz.

--French wine, the ton containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons

*--- Maderia wine, the ton containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons — Portugal wine, the ton containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons

--Rhenish, German, and Hungary wine, the ton

containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons

--Spanish wine, the ton containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons - - - "

--all other wines, not otherwise enumerated or described, the ton containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons Wool, viz.

--cotton wool of the growth or production of

Turkey, the hundred pounds — - cotton wool of the growth or production of any part of the united fiates of America, the hundred pounds -

--cotton wool of the growth or production of any

of the British colonies or plantations, the hundred pounds -

- cotton wool of the growth or production of any other country or place, the hundred pounds Yarn, viz.

- cotton yarn, the hundred pounds

--mohair yarn, the pound

--raw linen yarn, the hundred pounds -

Yellow berries, the hundred weight - -:

All other goods, wares, and merchandize whatever, not herein particularly enumerated or described,

not being imported by the united company of

merchants of England trading to the East Indies, (except such goods, wares, and merchandize, which by any special provision in this act are exempt from the duty hereby imposed), for every hundred i pounds of the true and real value thereof -

DUTY.

Z s. T.

060

0 4 9

3 10 6

3 1 o

l66

3^o

1 12 O

I 12 ©

0 6 6

0 6 6

089

o 12 6

070 0 0 2 0 2 0 041

3 0, 0 TABLE

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 76. [1797.

TABLE (B.)

A TABLE of new and additional Duties of Custoras, payable on goods, wares, and merchandise, therein enumerated, or described, imported into this kingdom by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

INWARDS.

DUTY.

Callicoes, viz. Plain white callicoes; dimity, viz. Plain white dimitty — muslins plain — Nanquin cloth — muslins or white callicoes flowered or Hitched — -cotton manufactures not otherwise enumerated or described — and all goods, wares, and merchandize, prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, imported for exportation only: — for every hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof, according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been sold at the publick sales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, without any deduction therefrom, except so much as the duties of customs due and payable on such goods respectively shall amount to Sugar, For every hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof, according to the gross price at which it shall have been sold at the publick sales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies Indico, For every hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof, according to the gross price at which it shall have been sold at the publick sales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies Cotton wool, for every hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof, according to the gross price at which it ("hall have been sold at the publick sales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies Cosse, the hundred weight -

Cocoa nuts, the hundred weight

£-'d-

300

300

300

400

034

029

TABLE

TABLE (C.)

A TABLE of new and additional Duties of Customs payable, on the exportation from this kingdom, of the goods, wares, and merchandize, therein enumerated or described; not having been imported by the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eafi: Indies.

OUTWARDS.

DUTY.

Sugar, viz.

- Unrefined, not having been imported by the

united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies (except in cases whereof by any special provision in this act, such sugar is exempt from this duty), the hundred weight -

- Refined sugar, called bastard, and ground and

powdered sugar, and refined loaf sugar broke in pieces, and all sugar called candy (excep: in cases where, by any special provision in this act, such sugar is exempt from this duty), the hundred weight» — All other refined sugar (except in cases where, by any special provision in this a such sugar is exempt from this duty), the hundred weight -

Goods, wares, and merchandize, of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain, (except refined sugar, and also such goods, wares, and merchandize, which by any special provision in this act, are exempt from the duty hereby imposed), exported to any I part of Europe, for every hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof Goods, wares, and merchandize, of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain, (except refined sugar, and also such goods, wares, and merchandize, which, by any special provision in this act, are exempt from the duty hereby imposed), exported to any pore or place whatever, not being in Europe, or within the limits of the charters granted to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for every hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof -

£ sd.

o i 6 \

o 1

023

o 10 o

2 0 0

Vol. XLI, Kkk TABLE

TABLEfD.)

A TABLE of new Duties of Customs, payable on the exportation from this kingdom, of the goods, wares, and merchandize therein enumerated, having been imported by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

OUTWARDS.

DUTY.

Sugar,

having been imported by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, exported, (except in cases where, by any special provision in this act, such sugar is exempt from this duty), for every hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof, according to the gross price at which it shall have been sold at the publick Tales of the said company -

£'s-

2 10 0

TABLE (E.)

A TABLE of Tonnage Duties payable on ships and vessels* entering outwards or inwards (except in ballast) in any port of this kingdom, to or from foreign^parts.

TONNAGE DUTY.

DUTY.

For every ton burthen of every ship or vessel entering outwards or inwards (except in ballast) to or from Ireland, the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney, and Man, the Greenland Teas, and the Southern whale fishery -

For every ton burthen of every ship or vessel entering outwards or inwards (except in ballast) to or from any port or place within the (freights of Gibraltar _ - / -

For every ton burthen of every ship or vessel entering outwards or inwards (except in ballast) to or from any port or place in Russia, or within the Baltic sea For every ton burthen of every ship or vessel entering outwards or inwards (except in ballast) to or from any other port or place in Europe

£> S' dm

o o 6

o I o

o I o

o i a

For

TONNAGE DUTY.

For every ton burthen of every ship or vessel entering outwards or inwards (except in ball aft) to or from any port or place within the limits of the charters granted to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies -

For every ton burthen of every ship or vessel entering outwards or inwards (except in ballad) to or from the Cape of Good Hope For every ton burthen of every ship or vessel entering outwards or inwards (except in ballad) to or from any port or place in Africa, not otherwise enumerated or described For every ton burthen of every ship or vessel entering outwards or inwards (except in ballad) to or from the island of Newfoundland, the islands of Cape Breton and Saint John, and the coad of Labrador For every ton burthen of every ship or vessel entering outwards or inwards (except in ballad) to or from any port Or place in the united dates of America, any Britidt island, colony, or plantation in America, or any other part of America not otherwise described -

DUTY.

o 3 o

026

O I o

006

OIO

CAP. LXXVII.

An act to amend an act of the present fejfon of parliament intituled,

An act to continue, until the fird day of August one thousand eight hundred, and until the end of the then next session of parliament, and amend an act made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 6 An act for edab-lishing regulations respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom or resident therein, in certain cases.'

[June 28, 1798.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed on the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, intituled An act to 38 Geo. 3. continue, until the fird day of August one thousand eight hun- c. 50. recited., dred, and until the end of the then next session of parliament, and amend an act made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 'An act for establishing regulations respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or refluent therein, in certain cases, ' divers provisions have been made concerning aliens, and certain things are by the said act required to be done within certain spaces of time therein limited \ and it is expedient that his Majesty shoulabe authorised to extend the times so limited for doing such

846

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 78. [1797.

things reflectively, in such manner as to his Majesty flail seem expedient; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, from time to time, by his royal proclamation, or by order in council, to extend the time and times for doing all and every or any of the things by the said act required to be done, within any certain space or spaces of time, in such manner as to his Majesty shall seem fit, and to appoint any longer time or things requir- times for doing all and every or any of such things respectively; ed by the and to command and require all and every or any such things recited act to respectively to be done, within such time or times as in and by be done in a - '* " - - "

limited time.

His Majesty by proclamation or order in council may extend the time for any such proclamation or order in council respectively shall be limited and appointed for such purpose.

II. And be it further enacted, That no person shall be liable to any pain or penalty for refusing, omitting, or neglecting to do any thing by the said act required to be done, within any certain space of time as aforesaid, if such thing shall be done within such space of time as in such proclamation or order in council shall be limited and appointed for doing thereof, any thing in the said act contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all and every the pains and penalties by the said act provided and

proclamation imposed for neglecting or omitting to do any such thing as afore-or order in said within the space of time by the said act limited for doing thereof, shall be suffered and incurred in case such thing shall not be done within the space of time which by any such proclamation or order in council shall be appointed for the doing thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That no person shall be liable to any pain or penalty for having, before the passing of this act, refused, omitted, or neglected to do any thing by the said act required to be done, and that all proceedings whatsoever for any such offence committed before the passing of this act, shall be and the same are hereby flayed and discharged.

IV. And whereas by the said act persons receiving aliens to lodge or reside in their houses or apartments, are required to do certain things in the said act mentioned under certain penalties; be it enacted, That so much of the said act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to any person who shall lo receive any alien being the domestick servant of any of his Majesty's natural-born subjects, or of any of his Majesty's subjects naturalized or made denizens, such servant being actually attendant on his or

No person liable to penalty for not doing any thing within such limited time, if done within the time appointed by

council:

nor for having. before pilling this act, omitted to do any thing required by recited act. So much of recited act as relates to persons receiving aliens to lodge, not to extend to do me (tic servants of his Majesty's, 'nr

subjects atten- her master or mistress.

dant on their mailers.

---

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act for preventing the mischiefs arising from the printing and publishing newspapers, and papers of a like nature, by persons not known; and for regulating the printing and publication of such papers in other respects.

[June 28, 1798.]

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 78. 847

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that regulations should he provided

tniching publications of the nature herein after mentioned: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and No person to with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and pr^ra commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Jiewipaper authority of the same, That no person shall after forty days from until an the passing of this act, print or publish, or cause to be printed or affidavit be published, any newspaper or other paper, containing publick £h*f^m* at news or intelligence, or serving the purpose of a newspaper, until office.^an affidavit or affidavits, or affirmation or affirmations, made and Affidavit to signed as herein after mentioned, shall be delivered to the com- specify the missioners for managing his Majesty's stamp duties, at their head names and office, or to some of their officer or officers in the respective abode of the towns, and at the respective offices which shall be named and nn^and of appointed by the said of, for the purpose of receiving the pro-such affidavits or affirmations, (but which shall not be required to prietors, if be upon stamped paper), containing the several matters and things t^cT do not herein after for that purpose specified and mentioned. exchffive^of

II. And be it further enacted, That such affidavit or affidavits, the printer

affirmation or affirmations, shall specify and set forth the real and and publisher, true names, additions, descriptions, and places of abode of all and and if they^ every person and persons, who is and are intended tohe the two^nd the printer and printers, publisher and publishers, of the newspaper proportional or other paper mentioned in such affidavit or affidavits, or shares, and affirmation or affirmations, and of all the proprietors of the same, t}16 deferip-if the number of such proprietors, exclusive of the printer and publisher, does not exceed two, and in case the same shall exceed house, and such number, then of twq of such proprietors, exclusive of the title of the printer and publisher, and also the amount of the proportional piper, shares of such proprietors in the property of the newspaper or Where the other paper, and the true description of the house or building j^ceedtwa wherein any such paper is intended to be printed, and likewise the names of the title of such paper. two whose

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in, every fharesshall

case where the number of such proprietors, exclusive of the printer ^n^tej1gets and publisher, does exceed two, the names of two proprietors, the others examount of each of whole proportional shares in the property of elusive of the such newspaper or other paper shall not be less than the propor- printer and tional share of any other proprietor, exclusive of the printer and puoliffier, to publisher, shall be specified and set forth in such affidavit or^affidavit.*1* affidavits, affirmation or affirmations.

IV. And be it further enacted, That an affidavit or affirmation, made"as° affidavits or affirmations, of the like import, shall be made, signed, often as the and given in like manner, as often as any of the printers, pub- printers, lifhers, or proprietors named in such affidavits or affirmations

shall be changed, or shall change their respective places of abode, ol/Xeir°lS* or their printing house, place, or office, and as often as the title abode, shall of the paper shall be changed, and as often as the of be changed, for managing the stamp duties shall fee reasonable cause for ^oras^ requiring such affidavit or affirmation to be made, signed, and of fvyorDj or affirmed, and shall give notice that they do require for stamps

848' Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georg it III. c. 78. [1797.

the same, such notice to be left at such place as is mentioned in the affidavit or affirmation last: delivered as the place at which the newspaper or other paper to which such notice shall relate is printed.

Affidavit to V. And be it further enacted, That every such affidavit or the^arties^ arrnataon shall writing, and signed by the person or per-and taken by a ns ma^ng the same, and shall be taken by any one or more of commissioner the said of, or -by any officer specially appointed by the said of to receive such affidavits or affirmations as aforesaid, which of and other officers are hereby authorised to take such affidavits upon the oath of the person or persons making the lame, and such affirmations in the case of persons commonly called Quakers,

VI. And be it further enacted, That where the persons concerned as printers and publishers of any newspaper, or other such

and pro"-paper as aforesaid, together with such number of proprietors as prietors, are herein-before required to be named in such affidavits or

required to affirmations as aforesaid, shall not altogether exceed the number

the^affidavit ^our Persons' affidavit or affirmation hereby required shall do not ex-be sworn or affirmed and signed by all the said persons who are ceed four, adult; and when the number of all such persons shall exceed

the whole to four, the same shall be signed and sworn or affirmed by four of

where they ^ch Per^ons5^many of them are adult, or by so many of them do exceed are as adult; but the same shall contain the real and true names, that number, descriptions, and places of abode of all and every person and four to swear persons who is and are or are intended to be the printer and particulars printers, publisher and publishers, and osso many of the proprie-and to give tors as are herein-before for that purpose mentioned, of such news-notice to the paper or other such paper as aforesaid; and the person and persons parties not f0 signing and swearing to the truth of such affidavit or affirmation, wearing, onn ]ajq mentioned case, shall and are hereby required to give notice, within seven days after such affidavit or affirmation shall be so delivered as aforesaid, to each of the persons not signing and swearing or affirming such affidavit or affirmation, but named therein as a proprietor, printer, or publisher, of such newspaper, or other paper as aforesaid, that he or they are so named therein; and in case of neglect to give such notice, each and every person who has so signed and sworn or affirmed such affidavit or affirmation shall forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall knowingly and wilfully print or publish, or cause to be printed or published, or shall knowingly and wilfully, either as a proprietor thereof, or otherwise, fell, vend, or deliver out any newspaper or other such paper as aforesaid, such affidavit or affirmation, or affidavits or affirmations, containing such matters and things as are required by this act to be therein contained, not having been duly signed, sworn, or affirmed, and delivered, and as often as by this act is required, or any other matter or thing required by this act to be done or performed according to this act not having.

been.

penalty of 5©1. each.

Penalty of iool. lor printing, publishing, < vending a nswfpiper without an affidavit having been signed, Scz.

or officer specially appointed*

Where the printers,

nuhli fhers.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 78. 849

been done or performed, such person shall forfeit and lose, for every such act done, the sum of one hundred pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons Persons making such affidavit or affirmation as in and by this act is aJ^np^rfeft required to be made, shall knowingly and wilfully insert or set affidavits* forth therein the name or names, addition or additions, place or liable to the places of abode, of any person as proprietor, printer, or publisher penalties for any of newspaper, or other such paper as aforesaid, to which such Per July-affidavit of affirmation relates, who is not a proprietor, printer,

or publisher thereof, or shall knowingly and wilfully omit to

mention in such affidavit or affirmation the name or names,

addition or additions, and place or places of abode, of any of the proprietors, printers, or publishers thereof, contrary to the true meaning of this act, or shall knowingly and wilfully in any other manner or respect set forth in such affidavit or affirmation any matter or thing by this act required to be set forth otherwise than according to the truth, or shall knowingly or wilfully omit to set forth therein, according to the truth, any matter or thing

required by this act to be therein set forth, every person so

offending shall be liable to the pains and penalties to which persons are liable for wilful and corrupt perjury.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all such affidavits and Affidavits to affirmations as aforesaid shall be filed and kept in such manner as be an<* the raid of shall airect, and the same, or copies thereof certified certified to be true copies, as herein after is mentioned, shall copies, to be respectively, in all proceedings civil and criminal touching any admitted as newspaper or other such paper as aforesaid, which shall be men- evidence tionedin any such affidavits or affirmations, or touching any pub- of^fons e lication, matter, or thing contained in any such newspaper or swearing, other paper, be received and admitted as conclusive evidence of and all

the truth of all such matters set forth in such affidavits or affirma- ^en*j°ne<* tions as are hereby required to be therein set forth, against every untereproved person who shall have signed and sworn or affirmed such affidavits to the Conor affirmations, and shall also be received and admitted, in like trary; manner, as sufficient evidence of the truth of all such matters against all and every person who shall not have signed or sworn or affirmed the same, but who shall be therein mentioned to be a proprietor, printer, or publisher of such newspaper or other paper, unless the contrary shall be satisfactorily proved: provided always, t*ut if any That if any such person or persons respectively, against whom person shall any such affidavit or affirmation, or any copy thereof, shall be have de-offered in evidence, shall prove that he, she, or they hath or livered, pre-have signed, sworn or affirmed, and delivered to the said com- p^heation6 mifffoners, or such officer, as aforesaid, previous to the day of the of the paper date or publication of the newspaper or other such paper as afore- to which the said, to which the proceedings, civil or criminal, shall relate, an Proceedings affidavit or affimation that he, she, or they hath or have ceased to ^j^vit^hat be the printer or printers, proprietor or proprietors, or publisher he has ceased or publishers of such newspaper or other such paper as aforesaid, to be printer, such person or persons shall not be deemed, by reason of any ^c* beffiall former affidavit or affirmation so delivered as aforesaid, to have deemed°after

S$o

In newspapers there -shall be printed the names and abode of printers and publishers, on penalty cf iool.:

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 78. [1797.

been the printer or printers, proprietor or proprietors, or publisher or publishers, of such paper, after the day on which such last mentioned affidavit or affirmation shall have been delivered to the fakl of, or their officer as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That in some part of every newspaper, or other such paper as aforesaid, there shall be printed the true and real name and names, addition and additions, and place and places of abode of the printer and printers, and

publisher and publishers of the same, and also a true description of the place where the same is printed; and in case any person or persons shall knowingly and wilfully print or publish, or cause to be printed or published, any such newspaper or other paper as aforesaid, not containing the particulars aforesaid, and every of them, every such person shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds; and that proof made in manner herein mentioned in any proceeding to recover the same, that the party proceeded against: is a printer or publisher of a newspaper or other such paper so printed or published as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be proof that such party is a person wilfully and unld's^proved knowingly printing or publishing, or causing the same to be to the con- printed or published, unless he shall satisfactorily prove the trary., contrary thereof.

After pro-

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be necessary affida01^0^a^ter anyfLuh a^avit or affirmation, or a certified copy thereof, copy, Vand a have been produced in evidence as aforesaid against the

paperintituled persons who signed and made such affidavit, or are therein as therein named, according to this act, or any of them, and after a news--- d paper, or other such paper as aforesaid, shall be produced in not be necef- ev^ence? intituled in the same manner as the newspaper or other paper mentioned in such affidavit or copy is intituled, and wherein the name or names of the printer and publisher, or

and proof, 5n manner herein mentioned that the party is the printer, <vc. shall be sufficient,

fary to prove the purchase of the paper.

a- //Ixj same as

(b.H

printers and publishers, and the place of printing, shall be the

the

name or names

of the printer and publisher, or

Service at the pUce mentioned in affidavit, to be deemed Sufficient notice to all persons panic.i therein';

printers and publishers, and the place of printing mentioned in such affidavit or affirmation, for the plaintiff, informant, or prosecutor, or person seeking to recover any of the penalties given by this act, to prove that the newspaper, or paper to which such trial relates, was purchased at any house, shop, or office, belonging to or occupied by the defendant or defendants, or any of them, or by his or their servants of workmen, or where he or they, by themselves, or their servants or workmen, usually carry on the business of printing or publishing such paper, or wffiere the same is usually fold.

XII. And be it farther enacted, That service at the house or place mentioned in such affidavit or affirmation as aforesaid, as the house or place, at which such newspaper, or other such paper as aforesaid, to which any proceeding, civil or criminal, shall relate, is printed or published, or intended so to be, of any legal notice, summons, subpoena, rule, order, or process, of what nature whatsoever, or to enforce an appearance in any suit, prosecution,

or

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 78. 851

or proceeding, civil or criminal, against any printer, publisher, or proprietor of any such newspaper or other paper, shall be deemed and taken to be good and sufficient service thereof respectively, against all persons named in such affidavit or affirmation as the proprietor or proprietors, publisher or publishers, or printer or printers of the newspaper or other paper mentioned in such affidavit or affirmation: provided always, That if any such person but if any or persons respectively as aforesaid shall have signed, sworn, or Person shall affirmed, and delivered to the said of, or such officer previous to*C<* as aforesaid, previous to the day of the date or publication of the [he publica-newspaper, or other such paper as aforesaid, to which the pro- tion of the ceeding in court shall relate, an affidavit or affirmation that he PaPCf to or they have ceased to be the printer or printers, proprietor or ^Q^edin's proprietors, publisher or publishers of stich newspaper, or other relate, an^ such paper as aforesaid, and shall make proof thereof, such person affidavit th3t or persons shall not be deemed, by reason of any former affidavit Iie has ceased or affirmation so delivered as aforesaid, to have been the proprietor^ h^ffiaU*or proprietors, printer or printers, publisher or publishers of such not' [, e p0 paper, after the day on which such last mentioned affidavit or deemed after affirmation shall have been delivered to the said of, hich delivery, or such other officer as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the of or^T^. officers by whom such affidavits or affirmations shall be kept affidavits to according to the directions of this act, shall, and they are hereby be delivered required, upon application made to them by any person or on payment persons requiring a copy certified according to this act, of any ot IS* such affidavit or affirmation as aforesaid, in order that the same may be produced in any civil or criminal proceedings, to deliver to the person so applying for the same such certified copy, he or they paying for the same the sum of one shilling and no more.

XIV. And whereas in many cases it may be productive of publick inconvenience to require that the of or officers before whom such affidavits or affirmations, as are herein-before mentioned, are made, should be required personally to attend, in order to prove> upon the trial of any aCUon, prosecution, suit, indictment, information, or in any other proceeding, that the parties signing, swearing^ or affirming and delivering such affidavit or affidavits, affirmation or affirmations, did swear or affirm the same in the presence of and did deliver the same to such of and officers, before and to whom the same A all have been sworn^ affirmed, or delivered respectively: be it enacted,

That in all cases a copy of any such affidavit or affirmation, cer- Copies of tified to be a true copy under the hand or hands of one or more of the of or officers.in whose possession the same shall Commissionera be, shall, upon proof made that such certificates have been signed or officers in with the hand writing of the person or persons making the same, whose custody and whom it shall not be necessary to prove to be a commissioner or of, or officer or officers, be received in evidence ev*nCc c c as sufficient proof of such affidavit or affirmation, and that the same was duly sworn or affirmed, and of the contents thereof; and such copies, so produced and certified, shall also be received evidence that the affidavit or affirmation, of which they

purport

85*

Penalty of iool. for

sworn to, or that false copies are true, &c.

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 78. [1797.

purport to be copies, have been sworn or affirmed according to this act, and shall have the same effedf, for the purposes of evidence, to all intents whatsoever, as if the original affidavits or affirmations, of which the copies so produced and certified shall purport to be copies, had been produced in evidence, and been proved to have been duly so certified, sworn, and affirmed, by the person or persons appearing by such copy to have sworn or affirmed the same as aforesaid. iool^on0^

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any person, not being unauthorised ^jch commissioner or officer as aforesaid, shall give any such certi-persons giving ficate as aforesaid, or shall presume to certify any of the matters or certificates, things by this act directed to be certified by such of and officers as aforesaid, or which such of and officers as aforesaid are hereby empowered or entrusted to certify, he shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XVI. And be it also enacted, That if any person shall know-falsely'certify-ingly and wilfully falsely certify under his hand, that any such ine that affidavit or affirmation, as is required to be made by this act, was affidavits were duly signed, and sworn or affirmed before him, the same not having been so sworn, or signed, or affirmed, or shall knowingly and wilfully falsely certify that any copy or copies of any affidavit or affirmation, or affidavits or affirmations, is or are a true copy or copies of the affidavit or affirmation, or affidavits or affirmations, of which the same are certified to be such copy or copies, or shall knowingly and wilfully falsely certify or express in any certificate, that the affidavit or affirmation, or affidavits or affirmations, of which any copy or copies are certified to be a true copy or copies, was or were duly sworn or affirmed before the person so certifying, by the party or parties whose name or names appear subscribed to the same, as the name or names of the party or parties swearing and signing, or affirming the same, every person so offending shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the printer or publisher of every newspaper, or other such paper as aforesaid, shall, upon every day upon which the same shall be published, or within six days after, deliver to the of of stamps at their head office, or to some officer to be appointed by them to receive the same, and whom they are hereby required to appoint for that purpose, one of the papers so published upon

loo^which0^ eac^tlc^ % ned by the printer or publisher thereof, in his may* within band writing, with his name and place of abode, and the same shall be carefully kept by the said of, or such officer as aforesaid, in such manner as the said of shall direct; and such printer or publisher shall be entitled to demand and receive from the of, or such officers, once in every six days, the amount of the ordinary price of the newspapers or other papers lb delivered; and in every case in which the printer

A copy of every newspaper to be delivered within a limited time to the of of stamps, or their officer

two years after publication, be produced as evidence in court.

fi y.umer papers iu uchvcicu; anu ui cvciy m wtmu ujt pnnn-i.

tldfc and publisher of such newspaper, or other paper as aforesaid, shall

'a nesledt

- -

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 78.

neglect to deliver one such newspaper, or other paper, in the manner herein-before directed, such printer and publisher shall, for every such neglect respectively, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pound, %; and in case any person or persons shall make application to the of, or such officer as aforesaid, in order that such newspaper, or other paper, so signed by the printer or publisher, may be produced in evidence in any proceeding civil or criminal, the said of, or such officers, shall, at the expence of the party applying at any time within two years from the publication thereof, either cause the same to be produced in the court in which the same is required to be produced, and at the time when the same is required to be produced, or shall deliver the same to the party applying for it, taking, according to their discretion, reasonable security, at his expence, for the returning the same to the said of, or such officer; and in case, by reason that the same shall have been previously required by any other person to be produced in any court, or hath been previously delivered to any other person for the like purpose, the same cannot be produced at the time required, or be delivered according to such application, in such case the said of, or such their officer, shall cause the same to be produced, or shall deliver the same as fcon as they are enabled so to do.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall knowingly and wilfully print or publish, or cause to be printed or published, any newspaper, or other such paper as aforesaid, the same not being printed upon paper duly fiamped according to law, he shall forfeit and pay, over and above all other penalties recoverable by law, the sum of twenty pounds for every such newspaper, or other paper as aforesaid, so printed upon paper not duly fiamped; and proof ma-de in manner herein-before mentioned, in any proceeding to recover the same, that the parry proceeded against is a printer or publisher of such newspaper or other paper as aforesaid, which shall be so printed or published upon paper not duly fiamped according to law, shall be deemed and taken to be proof that such party is a person wilfully and knowingly printing or publishing, or causing the same to be primed or published, contrary to the present provision of this act, unless he shall ftitisfadorily prove the contrary thereof.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall knowingly and wilfully take or receive into, and keep in his custody any newspaper, or other such paper as aforesaid, not duly fiamped according to law, such person shall forfeit and lose, for every such paper as aforesaid, not duly fiamped, which he shall so take or receive into, and keep in his custody, the sum of twenty pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person shall knowingly or wilfully, directly or indirectly, fend or carry, or endeavour to fend or carry, or cause or procure to be sent or carried, or do or cause to be done any ad whatever for or towards the fending or carrying, or for or towards

Penalty of 20I-for printing or publishing newspapers'not duly staropt.

Penalty of aol. ' for having a newspaper not duly stampt.

Penalty of look for fending or procuring newspapers not duly stampt to be sent out of Great Britain.

with his Majesty

On oath that

854 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 78. [1797.

wards the causing or procuring to be sent or carried, or with intent that the same should be sent or carried out of Great Britain any newspaper or other such paper as aforesaid, the same not being printed on paper duly {lamped according tdf law, such person shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of one hundred pounds,

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Penalty of That if any person, during the continuance of the present war,

in ° or1r ro- knowingly and wilfully, directly or indirectly, fend or

cunng^cTbe carry, or endeavour to fend or carry, or cause or procure to be

lent, during sent or carried, or do or cause to be done, or be in any manner

the war, newt- concerned in doing or causing to be done any act whatever, for

papers, stampt towards the fending or carrying, or for or towards she or unstampt, r..>.- J=>' .,

toanycountry causing and procuring to be lent or carried, or with intent that

not in amity the same should be sent or carried, any newspaper, or other such

paper as aforesaid, whether printed upon paper {lamped or not

{lamped, out of Great Britain into France, Spain, or any other

country not being in amity with his Majesty at the time of such

act done or permitted to be done, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of five hundred

pounds, and shall also be liable to all other prosecutions, pains,

penalties, forfeitures, and punishments, to which such person

would have been liable jin case this act had not been made.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon oath made before any one justice of the peace, that

a^ewr^cr^ any Person hath in his possession any newspaper, or other such intended to be paper as aforesaid, intended to be sent or carried out of this king-sent to any dom, during the continuance of the war, into any country not country not in in amity with his Majesty, it shall be lawful for such justice to summon the person or persons in whose custody or possession the same is, and examine such person or persons, for the better discovery of any other person or persons intending to fend or carry, or to cause to be sent or carried, or who have done or caused to he done any act for or towards the fending or carrying the same, or causing the same to be sent or carried out of Great Britain into any country not in amity with his Majesty; and in case any rot answering person so summoned shall not submit to be examined, and answer ^Ue*" questions as shall be asked of him, he shall forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds, to be levied by such justice in the manner herein after directed touching fines, forfeitures, and penalties, not exceeding the sum of twenty pounds, and shall be liable to be committed, iiylike manner, in case the same cannot be so levied, for the space of three months, as is herein after directed in cases in which such fines, forfeitures, and penalties, not exceeding the sum of twenty pounds, cannot be levied for want of sufficient distress; and it shall be lawful for such justice to seize and take as forfeited to his Majesty all such papers.

The names

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any proprie-and abode of for 0p any newspaper, or other such paper as aforesaid, shall be out of Great resident out of Great Britain, the name and place of abode of Britain to be such proprietor shall be specified in such affidavit or affirmation specified in affidavits.

Majesty, a justice may summon and examine the party.

Penalty for

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 78. 855

as are herein-before required to be made and deliverecl as aforesaid.

XXIV. And whereas matters tending to excite hatred and co?itempt of the person of his Majesty, and of fne constitution and government established in these kingdoms, are frequently publishecl in newspapers, or other papers, under colour of having been copied from foreign newspapers, or other papers of a like nature; be it enacted, That Penalty for if any person (handprint or publish, or cause to be printed or ^u]-1^01* published, in any newspaper or other such paper as aforesaid, that seditious mat-shall be printed or published in that part of Great Britain called ter under co-England, any matter or thing having such tendency as aforesaid, lour of having as having been previously printed or published in some foreign

paper or print, which hath not been previously so printed or paper. 6 published, such person shall, being lawfully convicted thereof, be committed to prison for any time not exceeding twelve nor less than six months, and shall be liable to such other punishment as may by law be inflicted in cases of high misdemeanors; and in Pr0.of of its every proceeding against: any person in respect of his having so h^vhig been o printed orpublifihed as aforesaid any such matter or thing as printed to lie aforesaid, it shall be incumbent upon the person against whom on the de-the proceeding shall be, to make proof that the same had been pendant, previously printed and published in some foreign paper or print; and in case he shall fail so to do, the same shall be deemed and taken not to have been so previously printed and published.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if^such proof such proof shall be made, the publication respecting which such publication to proceeding shall be had shall nevertheless be deemed and taken be deemed ot

to be of such nature in the law as the same would have been deemed and taken to be if this act had not been made.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after forty days next after the passing of this act, no person other than a commissioner or officer of his Majesty's stamp duties shall fell or supply to any person or persons, paper stamped for the purpose of being used for printing newspapers or other such papers as aforesaid, until the person so felling or supplying the same shall have given such security to the said of, or some of their officers to be by them appointed for that purpose, as the said of shall think reasonable, duly to deliver or cause to be delivered to the said of, once in six weeks, a true and accurate account of the quantities and kinds of such stamped paper by them fold and supplied during such weeks, and to whom by name, and that such persons so felling or supplying such paper will not fell or supply any such paper to or on account of any persons, save only to or on account of such persons as shall ordinarily deal in the felling and supplying such paper, or to or on account of printers, publishers, or proprietors of newspapers or such other papers; and that they will not fell or supply the same to or on account of any such printers, publishers, or proprietors, until the persons applying to them for the same shall have delivered to them a certificate, -signed by one or more of the said of, or some officer to be appointed by them

/ for the same nature as it would have been before this act.

After 40 days after passing this act:, none but commissioners of ft amps, or their officer, to supply paper stamped for printing newspapers, until the person so supplying has given security to deliver, once in six weeks, an account of the quantities and kind fold, See. on penalty of 100l.

856 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 78. [1797.

for that purpose, purporting that such security as is required by law hath been given by the printers and proprietors respectively of the newspaper or other paper, for the printing of which such stamped paper is to be sold or supplied, and that such affidavits or affirmations have been made and delivered respecting the same as are required by this act; and that they will not fell or supply any such paper, to or on account of any printers, proprietors, or publishers of newspapers or other such papers as aforesaid, with respect to whom notice shall be given to them by the said commissioners that such security is not duly given, or is not remaining in force, or that the parties who have given the same are xlead, or are gone abroad, or are not to be found, or that such parties have given notice that they are no longer concerned as printers, publishers, or proprietors of such newspapers or other papers, or that no such affidavits or affirmations respecting the same, as are required by this act, have been made and delivered and in case any person, other than such as aforesaid, shall, after forty days as aforesaid, fell or supply any such paper as aforesaid, not having previously given such security as aforesaid, he shall forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered as herein after is mentioned.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every person and persons printing or publishing, or causing to be printed or published, or being concerned, either as proprietors or otherwise, in printing or publishing, or causing to be printed or published, any

newspaper or other such paper as aforesaid, upon paper, not

debtors \o°his ^camPe<^ or not damped as by law is required, shall be deemed Majdiy in the an^ taken to owe to his Majesty such sums as would have accrued to his Majesty in case the same had been printed upon

paper duly damped; and in case any information or bill shall be filed, or other proceeding shall be had on his Majesty's behalf, for discovery of the matters aforesaid, and an account and payment of such sums, it shall not be lawful for the defendant, on any account, to plead or demur to such information, bill, or proceeding, but he and they shall be compellable to make such discovery as is thereby required to be made: provided nevertheless, That such discovery shall not be made use of as evidence or otherwise in any proceeding against the defendant or defendants, save only in that proceeding in which the discovery is made.

To bills for

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or the di icq very person3 (kali file any bill in any court for the discovery of the

of"proprietors, r*i

printers, edi- sanies of any persons concerned in the property of, or as printers,

tors, or pub- editors, or publishers of, or otherwise, in any newspaper, or lifliers, of other such paper as aforesaid, or of any matters relative to the t h ed e Fend an to Pr*nt*RS or publishing thereof, in order to enable him or them compellable to t^c more effectually to bring or carry on any suit or action for make it. damages by him or them alledged to have been sustained by reason of any slanderous or libellous matter contained in any such newspaper or other paper as aforesaid, respecting such person or persons, it shall not be lawful for the defendants to plead or demur to Rich bill, but they shall be compellable to make the discovery

Persons con cemed in printing or puMifliing newspapers notlegally

sum fbat would have accrued if duly damped,

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 78. 857

covery thereby required: provided nevertheless, That such discovery shall not be made use of as evidence, or otherwise, in any-proceeding against the defendants, save only in that proceeding in which t; he discovery is made.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, Recovery and and forfeitures by this act imposed, which shall exceed the sum penalties?11 ° of twenty pounds, shall (except where this act hath otherwise^directed) be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster,

or the courts of great session in the principality of Wales, or the courts of the counties palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham, or in the court of session or court of exchequer in Scotland, (as the case shall require) wherein no essoign, privilege, protection, wager of law, ' or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; and that all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this act imposed, which shall not exceed the sum of twenty pounds, shall, on proof upon oath of the offence before any justice of the peace of the county, riding, stewartry, city, or place, where the offence shall be committed, be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, rendering the overplus, if any, on demand, after deduding the charges of such distress and sale, to the person whose goods and chattels have been so distrained and fold; and for want of sufficient distress, such justice is hereby required, in all cases where no particular time of commitment is hereinbefore directed, to commit such offender to the common gaol of the county, riding, stewartry, city, or place, where the offence shall have been committed, for any time not exceeding three months; and the money arising by all such fines, penalties, and forfeitures, when recovered, shall be, as to one moiety thereof, to and for the use of our sovereign lord the King, his heirs and successors, and as to the other moiety thereof, to and for the use of such person who shall inform or sue for the same, except in such cases in which the application thereof is otherwise directed by this act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no order or convic- No order or tion made in pursuance of this act by any justice of the peace

shall be removed by Certiorari, advocation, or suspension, out of Amoved into the county, riding, stewartry, or place, wherein such order or any court, or conviction shall be made, into any court whatever; and that no the execution writ of Certiorari, advocation, or suspension shall supersede exe- fuPerfeded. fution, or other proceedings upon any such order or conviction, but that execution and other proceedings shall be had thereupon, any such writ or writs, or allowance thereof, notwithstanding.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in Ad to extend this act contained shall be construed to extend to that part o^rtai^casts^ Great Britain called Scotland, save and except so much thereof as onjy4 C relates to the printing or publishing newspapers, or such other

papers as aforesaid, upon paper not duly stamped, and so much thereof as relates to the taking and receiving into, and keeping in the custody of any person any such newspapers or other papers

not

S5&

Aft, may be repealed or altered this ft ikon.

Anno regni tricesimo octavo GEORGu III. c. 79. [1797.

not duly stamped, and to the fending or carrying newspapers or other such papers as aforesaid but of Great Britain, and to the iummoning and examining persons for the discovery of fudh persons as are concerned in so fending or carrying the same, and the seizing and talcing the same as forfeited.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to repeal or alter this act during the present session of parliament.

[Preamble.]

If any fubicft of his Majesty Oi.'ill during the war go, or embark to go, to Fran; e, or any place united thereto, or occupied by its armies, he shall fufftr death:

or if any such person shall hire, let, or be concerned in hiring, letting, &<c. any vessel for such pur-no fe, he shall be transported.

If any such person who, lince May i, 1798, shall have voluntarily gone to, or remained in France, &c.

CAP. LXXIX.

An act more effectually to prevent, during the war, persons, being his Majesty's subjects, from voluntarily repairing to or remaining in France, or any country or place united to France, or occupied by the armies of France; and to prevent correspondence with such persons, and with his Majesty's enemies.

[June 28, 1798.]

FOR preventing all traitorous correspondence with his Majesty^ 'enemies; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any person, being a subject of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall, at any time during the continuance of the war, voluntarily go or repair, directly or indirectly, or embark in any vessel with intent to go or repair, directly or indirectly, to France, or any country or place united to France, or occupied by the armies of France, at the time when such act shall be done, every such person, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall £>e deemed and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any person, being a subject of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall, at any time during the continuance of the war, knowingly and wilfully hire, let, engage, agree for, procure, or furnish, or endeavour to hire, let, engage, agree for, procure, or furnish, or cause or procure to be hired, let, engaged, agreed for, procured, or furnished, or be concerned in the hiring, letting, engaging, agreeing for, procuring, or furnishing, any vessel, with intent that such person, or any other subject of his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, should therein go, or repair, or embark therein with intent to go or repair, directly or indirectly, to France, or any other such country or place as aforesaid, every such person, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be transported for any time, not exceeding seven years, to such place or places as his Majesty, with the advice of his privy council, shall direct.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any person, being a subject of his Majesty, who, ftnee the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, hath voluntarily gone into or remained in France, or any such other country or place as aforesaid, shall voluntarily and wilfully remain out of his Majesty's dominions for six months arter the passing of this act, not

having

1797O Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 79. 859

having obtained the licence of his Majesty, his heirs or successhall volunta-

fors, for so remaining, or if* any such person who shall have

remained out of his Majesty's dominions, not having such licence, jefl-y\. ^omi. shall at any time voluntarily and wilfully return into Great Bri- nions for fix tain^ without the licence of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, months after for that purpose hr ft had and obtained, every such person, being thereof convicted by due course of law, shall be committed to ret*rn the common gaol of the county or place where he shall be con- out licence, he vidled of such offence, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, shall be im-for any time not exceeding two years. prisoned;

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any subject of his Ma- and if any sub-jesty, his heirs or successors, shall, during the continuance of the shall cor-

war.

within this realm or without, knowingly hold, entertain,

respond with any person Co

or keep any correspondence whatsoever, in person, or by letters, voluntarily re-messages, or otherwise, with any of his Majesty's subjects who maining there, shall so voluntarily go, or repair to, or who having so voluntarily he shall suffer gone into, or remained in France, or any other such country or ^eath* place as aforesaid, shall so voluntarily and wilfully remain for lix months out of his Majesty's dominions as aforesaid, every such person so offending, being thereof duly convicted, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That If any subject

shall corre-l'pond with the

if any of the subjects of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall, during the present war, within this realm or without, hold, pK?rfbnsexer-entertain, or keep any intelligence or correspondence whatever, citing the in person, or by letters, mestages, or otherwise, with the per- powers of go-fons exercising the powers of government in France, or in any pranc^'^&c1 other such country or place as aforesaid, or with any of such per- or with any of fons, or with any person or persons in any manner employed by their agents, them, or any of them, knowing such person or persons to be so shall employed, such person so offending shall be deemed and adjudged ^eat* to be guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Act not to exin this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any act tend to Per-_ done, or which shall be done, by any person, or in any, place, ed'by^is^Ma' by virtue of or in obedience to or under the authority of, a licence, jesty, or to any such licence, when granted, to be granted without fee, from his act done in his Majesty, his heirs or successors, either general or special, under Majesty's ftr-his or their sign manual, or by order in council, or proclamation, 'ice*

or from any person or persons authorised by him or them under his sign manual, or otherwise, to give such licence and authority; or to any act done or which shall be done in his Majesty's service, or relative thereto, by any person or persons employed, or who shall be employed therein; or to any act done, or which shall be done, by any person or persons in aiding or atfisting, or relative to such persons whilst so employed.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any offence committed against this act on the Where of-high seas, or out of this realm, or within that part of Great fePc4es maY he

Vol. XLI. Lu

86o

Persons tried under this act not to he tried again for the same offence; but offenders not so tried, may be tried for high treason, See,

Limitation of actions.

Persons adjudged to be transported and afterwards found at large, to fuifer death. Commencement of act.

[Preamble.]

38 Geo. 3. c. 41, recited

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 80. [1797.

Britain called England, shall and may be alledged and laid, enquired of, prosecuted, tried, and determined, before any court of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery, for any county in that part of Great Britain called England, in such manner and form as if such offence had been therein committed; and if committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall and may be prosecuted, tried, and determined, either before the justiciary court of Edinburgh, or in any of the circuit courts in that part of the united kingdom: provided also, That any person who shall be tried and acquitted, -or convicted, of any offence against this act, shall not be liable to be indicted, prosecuted, or tried again for the same offence as high treason or misprision of treason, or as an offence against any other act; and that nothing in this act contained shall be conlirued to extend to prevent any person guilty of any offence against this act, and who shall not be tried for the same as an offence against this act, from being tried for the same as high treason or misprision of high treason, or as an offence 3gainst any other act, in such manner as if this act had not been made: provided also, That no prosecution shall be commenced under this act, after the party so to be prosecuted shall have been twelve months in Great Britain subsequent to the time when the offence was com mil ted.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any person ordered or adjudged to be transported under this act shall be found at large within this realm after sentence of transportation pronounced, and before the time shall be expired for which such person was sentenced to be transported, he shall be guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

IX. And be it further enacted, That so much of this act as relates to holding or keeping intelligence or correspondence as aforesaid, shall commence and take effect, with respect to any act done in this realm, on the first day of August next; and with respect to any act done out of this realm and in Europe, from and after the expiration of three months after the passing of this act; and with respect to any act done out of Europe, from and after the expiration of six months after the passing of this act.

CAP. LXXX.

An act to explain and amend an act of the present session of parliament^ intituled An act for repealing the duties upon male servants, carriages, horles, mules, and dogs; and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof, — [June 28, 1798.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled An act for repealing the duties upon male, servants, carriages, horses, mules, and dogs; and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof, the substituted duties upon male servants are directed not to extend to any male servant retained or employed solely for the purposes of any trade or calling by which the master or mi fir efs of such servant earns a livelihood: and whereas doubts may arise whether the mafiers or mifirejfcs of waiters

herein-

861

except occa- fional ones.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c«8r,

herein after mentioned are thereby exempted from the said duties:

may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the substituted duties granted by the and the sub-

said act shall extend to and be payable for all waiters in taverns, [herebvK^nt-

coffee houses, inns, alehouses, or any other houses licensed to e(j extend

fell wine, ale, or other liquors by retail, except occasional waiters; to waiters in

any thing in the said act contained to the contrary thereof not- taverns, &c.

n r*r*/*a-

withiranriing.

II. And whereas doubts have arisen whether the duties imbofed by the said recited act on male persons never having been married, in respect of their fervvnts, are to be charged in addition to any other duties to which such male persons may be liable in respect of such servants; be it therefore enacted, That every male person never Bachelors to having been married, who shall retain or employ any male servant in any of the several capacities referred to by the said act, duty of il. ios. shall be charged with the respective duties to which any other for each male person or persons may be charged, and also with the additional servant. yearly sum of one pound and ten shillings, in the said act mentioned, for every such male servant retained and employed by such male person never having been married.

III. And be it further enacted, That the duties to be charged Duties to be by virtue of this act shall be charged, raised, levied, collected,

and paid, by the same persons, and under the same powers, and ^utje3# in like manner in ail respects, as the substituted duties charged by virtue of the said act are directed to be charged, raised, levied, collected, and paid.

CAP. LXXXI.

An act for the better execution of an act of the present session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty an aid and v contribution for the prosecution of the war.

[June 28, 1798.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the prefen' session of parliament^ Preamble, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty an aid and 38 Geo. 3. contribution for the prosecution of the war, the commissioners for c* I(*> the affairs of taxes are required to cau fe to be prepared^ True schedules of the respective persons assessed to the duties therein mentioned in two or more places, together with the amount of their assessments, to be transmitted to the commissioners for executing the said act in their respective divisions, in order that the persons assessed in two or more places to the like duties may be charged by virtue of the said aft7 upon the aggregate of the said assessments: and whereas, for want of due and sufficient returns of such persons, the said of have not been able to complete such schedules previous to the time appointed for signing and allowing the certificates of assessment to be made under the said act: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty,

LU2 by

862 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 8l.

[1797.

by and with the advice tmd consent of the lords spiritual and

temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled,

and by the authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty's of for the affairs of taxes, from such Yurther

returns as they shall have received, or shall at any time receive,

respecting the assessments of persons Ufleffed in two or more

places to the duties on houses, windows, or lights, or on inhabited

merits of per- [-j0Ufcs or any other the duties under the management of the said

ions aliened in J. r rr.r 0 r

two places to commuiioners at the time or passing the said act, from time to

time to cause to be prepared, true and perfect schedules of such persons, with the amounts of their respective assessments at every

of such places, and to cause the same to be transmitted to the respective of for executing the said act, within the

transmitted to respective divisions where each of such assessments shall have the commis- been made; and the respective of for executing the said act shall, within their respective divisions, as soon after, the

receipt of any such schedules as conveniently may be, cause an

assessment to be made according to the directions of the said act,

conformably to the schedules so transmitted, which assessment so

made shall and is hereby declared to be good and effectual in law,

notwithstanding any former assessment under the said act, and

thereto, which notwithstanding any payments under such former assessment, to

shall bind the bind the person or persons to the payment of the sums charged in such latter assessment from the time of passing the said act, subject nevertheless to such relief, abatement, and allowance, and to such appeals as by the said act or this act is directed in cases of assessment.

Commissioners of taxes may from further returns respecting aflelf-

the duties on houses, &c. cause schedules to be prepared and

sioners for executing the recited act, who shall cause assessments to be made conformably

parties.

Payments upon former assessments to be deducted from installments of afle Aments under this act, &c.

II. Provided always, That where any payment or payments shall have been made upon any former assessment under the said act, before the time of signing, or allowance of the assessment to be made by virtue of this act, such payment or payments shall be deducted from the amount of any instalment or instalments to be discharged upon any assessment made in pursuance of this act: provided also, That no payment shall be demanded upon any assessment to be made by virtue of this act, until and upon the time appointed by the said act for the payment of the instalment next ensuing the signing and allowing the assessment to be made by virtue of this act, and that at the time of such first payment, all differences between the sums actually paid on such former assessment, and the sums which ought to have been due according to the assessment to be made by virtue of this act, shall be adjusted, and the balance on either side be paid or allowed as the case may require, so that no more or less shall be returned into the receipt of exchequer, in the whole, by any payments, whether under the former or any new assessment, than the sums charged according to the assessment to be made by virtue of this act, and upon the making of any such assessment as aforesaid, in pursuance of this act, the former assessment upon the same person in respect of the said additional duties shall cease and determine.

III. And whereas the surveyors and inspectors are empowered by the said att to examine the asscfjment before and after the

allowance

Hoste

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. Si. 863

allowance thereof.\ and if they find any error therein, to certify

the same to the respective of; be it further enacted.

That in every case where any surveyor or inspector shall have Where fur-

discovered or certified, or shall discover or certify, to the com- veyors certify

missioners for executing the said a6T, any error in any such assess-'a^f^mentg

ment, the co m mi Alone rs for executing the said act are hereby under recited

required, at the request of such surveyor or inspector, to hear and ad, the com-

examine into the same as soon after the passing of this act, as missioners to

i o'determine

they conveniently can, and to make their determination thereupon thereupon

according to the directions of this act, and to cause the assessment according to

of such person or persons to be-amended accordingly, which this act, &c.

assessment or assessments so amended shall have effect from the

time of the commencement of the said act, and the determination

of the commissioners thereupon shall be binding upon the parties

from the time of passing the said act, as if the said assessment had been originally so made, and upon the payment thereupon of the

first in Aral ment* next ensuing such determination, the like adjustment and balance of the sums paid on the said assessment before

the amendment thereof, and of the sum due on the assessment so amended, shall be made and struck as is herein-before directed;

and such assessment so amended shall be conclusive, except as herein after is excepted.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any surveyor or inspector Surveyors, delivering, or causing to be delivered, any such certificate as°£paitjeL aforesaid, or any party charged by such certificate, shall be dif- their certifi-satisfied with the determination of the said commissioners, and cates, if dif-shall then declare himself or herself diAatisfied with such deter- Satisfied with mination, or if any^party who shall have appealed against any fimis f"he assessment made by virtue of the said act, shall, within two calendar Co m million-months from the paAing of this act, or if any person whose appeal ers, may re-against any such assessment shall be determined after the pa fling q>-Hre a case of this act, shall, at the time of such determination, declare himself ^theo*nion or herself diAatisfied with the determination upon such appeal, of the judges, and shall give notice to the surveyor or inspector for the district Sec. where such appeal shall have been made of his or her intention to require a case as herein after mentioned, it shall he lawful for such surveyor or inspector, and for such party respectively, to require the commissioners acting for the division where such certiAcate was delivered^ or such appeal was made, to state specially the case upon which the question arose, together with their determination thereupon; and the said commissioners, or the major part of them present at any meeting within such division where such request shall be made, are hereby required to state and sign such case accordingly; and every such case shall be transmitted to the respective justices, barons, or judges, of the respective courts in England and Scotland, for their opinion thereon, in the manner directed by law, with respect to the duties under the management of his Majesty's commissioners for the affairs of taxes, and subject to the like rules, penalties, and restri61 ions, to which the persons requiring such cases to be transmitted are by law subject; provided always, That the said commissioners acting as may also

L l L 3 for the commis.

864 Anno regni tricesimo cxflavo Georgi'j. III. c. 81. [1797.

sioners upon for the division where such certificate shall be delivered, or appeal bw mattei °* be made, may, upon any matter of law arising thereupon in respect of the duties granted by the said act, state a case for, and require the opinion of, such justices, judges, or barons, in like manner as they are authorised to do by any law now in force with respect to the duties now under the management of his Majesty's of for the affairs of taxes.

V. And whereas, since the passing of the said the duties therein mentioned, then payable have been repealed, and other duties have been substituted in lieu thereof; be it further enacted,

son^hav^been ca^es where any person shall have been assessed to

assessed to the any ofhe duties then payable, by any assessment made prior to duties payable the sixth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety^ under recited eight, the assessment made by virtue of the said act on the amount ments^ rior to °* t^ie duties then payable, shall not with (landing the repeal April 6, 1798, °^ t^ie foid duties then payable, or any thing in the said acts the assessment contained, or either of them, be in full force and effect; and on the amount every assessment made or to be made by virtue of the said act, on i-u. any person so assessed to any of the said duties then payable, shall,

notwithstanding the repeal of the same by the said acts, or any thing herein contained, be calculated on the amount of the duties then payable, contained in such assessment of the same; and every such assessment shall be valid and effectual notwithstanding such repeal, or any thing in the said acts contained, or either of them.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall, by any assessment made after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, be affeiled, in respect of the substituted duties now payable, to any greater amount than the amount contained in the prior assessment of the duties payable at the passing of the said act, and such encrease fin a 11 arise wholly by reason of the encrease of the substituted duties now payable, and not by any encrease in number of any of the subjects of such assessment, such person shall not be charged with any further additional duty by reason of such encreased amount: provided always, That if such encreased amount, or any part thereof, shall be found to arise by reason of any encrease in the number of any of the subjects of such assessment, then such part of the said encrease as shall so arise shall be added to the amount of the duties contained in the former assessment whereon the additional duty was calculated; and the said duty shall thenceforth be calculated on the amount of such sums when added as aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any person not assessed within the year ending the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to any of the duties, payable at and immediately before the passing of the said

be charged to a(c^ therein mentioned, shall be assessed to any of the substituted the addinojial (jutjes now payable in any subsequent year, during the term in by 38 Geo^3. the said act mentioned, such person shall be charged to the c. 16. on the additional duty granted by the said act, on the amount of the amountof the substituted duties contained in such assessment, although such duties were not payable at the time of the passing of the said act.

of the duties shall be in force, &c.

If any person shall, after April 5, 1798, be assessed in respect to the substituted duties to a greater amount than the prior assessiient, wholly by reason of their, encrease, he shall not be charged with a further additional duty, See.

If any person not assessed within the year ending April 5, 1798, shall be assessed to the substituted duties, he shall

substituted duties.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 82. 865

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the relief intended to Persons hav-be given by the said act to any person who shall have ceased

keep any servant, carriage, or horse, before the first day of before

November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall be Nov. 1, 1797,

construed to extend to all such persons who shall have bona fide may appeal,

remained during the whole interval between the said first day of^orw^c

November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and the be ap-

time of hearing any appeal, in pursuance of this act, without any pointed, &c.

servant, carriage, or horse, liable to the duties payable by law on such servants, carriages, and horses respectively, in lieu of the

former servant, carriage, or horse; and every person coming

under the circumstances above flated, and not having received

the relief thereby intended, shall be at liberty to appeal from any

assessment under the said act, in respect of any such servant, horse,

or carriage, for which purpose a day or days of appeal shall be

appointed as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this

ad, or in default of such appointment, the same shall be heard on

any day or days appointed for hearing and determining appeals

against any assessment of the duties on houses, windows, or lights,

by the laws in force at and immediately before the passing of

this act.

IX. And whereas, in some instances, theatres and other places of publick /hew or entertainment have been assessed under the authority of the said act of this session of parliament, as inhabited houses, by which they will be subject to the highejl rate of duty thereby ijnposed, and it is expedient that the proprietors of such places should be relieved

therefrom; be it therefore further enacted, That every theatre or Places of pub-other place duly licensed for publick {hew or entertainment, ^n^x^ t- except such part thereof which shall be occupied as a dwelling such parts as, house, shall be charged to the duties granted by the said act, are occupied under the like rules, methods, and regulations as are in the said as dwelling ad prescribed with respect to houses, part whereof shall be char^ed^s^ occupied as shops; and the commissioners for executing the said houifs part ad shall, in every case where any assessment of any theatre or whereof are other licensed place aforesaid shall have been otherwise made, shops. shall cause the same to be amended, and the duties contained in such amended assessment to be levied accordingly, in pursuance of the rules herein-before prescribed, with respect to assessments altered or amended in any of the cases before mentioned.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act for raising an additional sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year 1798.

[June a8, 1798.]

Commissioners of the treasury may raise 3, 500, 0001. by loans and exchequer bills before Dec. 1, 1798, in like manner as is prescribed by the malt act of this section concerning loans. The clauses in the said act relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this act. Exchequer bills so issued, not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before Jan. 5, 1799- Action not to lie for such refusal. Principal and interest, with charges, to be repaid out of the fir It supplies granted next frfiion; and if the supplies granted before April 5, 1799, are insufficient, to be charged on the consolidated fund. Monies so blued to be replaced out of the first supplies.

L L L 4 CAP.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act to authorise exchequer bills to be i fiued on the credit of the loan granted by an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for raising the sum of seventeen millions by way of annuities.

[June 28, 1798.]

Commissioners of the treasury may raise 3, 000, 000l. by exchequer bills before Nov. 23, 1798) on the credit of the loan granted by 38 Geo. 3. c. 37. in like manner as is prescribed by th.e malt ad of this session concerning exchequer bills. Exchequer bills to bear an interest not exceeding 3d. aq. per cent, per diem, and to be received in three months after their date as calli in payment of taxes, and of any i nihil men t of the loan of 17, 000, 000b Cashier of the bank to receive in payment of the loan such exchequer bibs when the same become payable, and compute the interest* thereon. Action to lie in case of refusal: Exchequer bills not to be taken by any coliedor or receiver of the revenue before they become payable.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An act to enable the lords of of his Majesty's treasury to ifiiie exchequer bills, to a limited amount, on the credit of such monies as shall artle by virtue of an act of this session, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war; and also on such rates and duties as may be granted by any ad of this session for the better pro«r tedion of the trade of this kingdom; and for granting new and additional duties of customs on goods imported and exported, and on the tonnage of ships entering outwards or inwards.

[June 28, 1798.]

Commissioners of the treasury may after July 5, 1798, issue exchequer bills to the amount of 1, 750, 000b payable out of the duties and contributions arising by acts 38 Geo. 3. c. 16. & 76. Three months after the date of such bills, in like manner as is prescribed by the malt ad of this session concerning exchequer bills. Exchequer bills not to be taken by any coliedor or receiver of the revenue before they become payable. Exchequer bills to bear an interest not exceeding id. aq. percent, per diem, and such of them as shall not be paid out of the duties and contributions aforesaid, shall be received at the exchequer as_cash three months after the date thereof.

CAP. LXXXV.

An act for explaining and amending certain aEis relating to the stamp duties; and for extending the rates and duties of ft amps, now payable on vellum, parchment, and paper, to all other materials.

[June 28, 1798.]

WHEREAS by an a El, passed in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on the several matters therein mentioned; and for better securing the duties on certificates to be taken out by solicitors, attornies, and others, practising in certain courts of justice in Great Britain; certain provisions are made to enforce the payment of a diJlinEl and separate stamp duty, in respect of each copyhold tenement, and also in respect of each custom right or tenant right estate, not being copyhold, mentioned in any surrender, admittance, or instrument of admittance, whereupon a several fine shall be due or payable to the lord or lady of any honor or manor, or a several fee shall be demanded or received by any Jleward

or

[Preamble.]

37 Geo. 3. c. 90.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 85.' S67

or deputy ft e-ward of such honor or manor, with certain penalties on the steward or officer of any copyhold or customary court for any ne-gleft or omission in his duty, as prescribed by the said act: and whereas great difficulties may arise in ascertaining for what particular tenements the f ries paid to the lord or lady of any honor or manor may ke due and payable, or for what particular tenements the fees received by the steward or other officer of 'Such manor may be demanded, where several and cliff in ft tenements have been comprized in the same surrender or instrument of admittance before the passing of the said act: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's tnoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Distinct Ramp adfjdistindf and several stamp duties shall not be required, except duties not rein such cases only where the tenements mentioned in the same surrender, admittance, copy or instrument of admittance, shall, tenement before the passing of the said recited act, have been surrendered, mentioned in granted, or conveyed, in and by different surrenders, admittances, any surrender, copies or instruments of admittance, in which cases, a several and &c* t.xceb? m "d'ftinft stamp duty shall be charged in respect of each and every ca ain ca es-such tenement of the value of twenty shillings per annum, or upwards, which at any time, from and after the passing of this act, shall be added to any other tenement, or mentioned therewith, to be surrendered, granted, or conveyed in or by the same surrender, admittance, copy or instrument of admittance; and if Officers of any steward or other officer of any copyhold court, or of any £°j^s°^c customary or tenant right court, shall mention or describe, cr ^Cfcnb: j, )5xj* permit or procure to be mentioned or described, in any surrender, jrj any fur-admittance, copy of court roll, or instrument of admittance, render, &c. several tenements which were not several lv comprised in the same surrender, admittance, copy of court roll, or instrument of ad- GompriAci mittance, made before the passing of the said recited act, without the same furprocuring the surrender, admittance, copy or instrument of ad-vender, &c. mittance, in which the said tenements shall be so mentioned or to

described, to be duly stamped, 2nd the duty paid for the same, vAfthout being according to the true intent and meaning of the said recited act duly ft imped, and this act, every such steward or officer shall, for every such liable to neglect, forfeit the like penalties, and be liable in like manner for f^naltA the duty dire6ied to be paid as aforesaid, and for the penalties incurred, as any such steward or officer may he subject to by the said recited act for offences committed against the lame.

II. And where as by an act passed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his J5 Geo. 3. Majesty a duty on certificates issued for using hair powder, the clerks of the peace, town clerks, fferiffs depute, or ft swart clerks, or tev8 t her Aw

their respective deputies, are required to execute certain matters pro- required to be

formed by persons to be appointed by the of so \duties on Jiamped vellum, parchment, and paper; be

to

be executed it further by such per-

enacted, r°ns as tllc:

cormniihoners

S68

for (lamps shall appoint.

Persons so appointed to have such allowance for incidents as the commis-

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 85. [1797.

enacted, That the several matters which by the said act are required to be done by the clerks of the peace, town clerks, sheriffs depute, or stewart clerks, or their respective deputies, shall, from and after the passing of this abe carried into execution by such persons as the said of for the time being, for managing the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, or any three or more of them, shall think fit to appoint; and the persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall have the like authority to grant copies of any lifts or parts thereof, and shall be entitled to the like fees for such copies as the said clerks of the peace, town clerks, sheriffs depute, stewart clerks, or deputies, are now authorised to grant and entitled unto, and the copies so to be granted shall be of the like validity in all respects as any copies granted according to the directions of the said recited act: pro-r vided always, That the persons so to be appointed, shall have sioners shall such allowance and no other, for their incidental expences, as the think reafoi> said of for the time being shall think reasonable, and subjecttoftie subject and liable to such and the like penalties and for-

like penalties feitures in all respects as the said clerks of the peace, town clerks, as the clerk of sheriffs depute, stewart clerks, or their deputies respectively, are the peace. made subject and liable to by the said recited act.

Policies of

III. And be it further enacted, That every policy of insurance IromToffes by mac^e a^ter Pa^ing of this act for insuring houses, furniture, fire exempt*goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property, from loss by fire, shall be exempt from the stamp duties granted by an act passed in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty an additional stamp duty on deeds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several and respe6Hve

vellum &c rates and duties now chargeable on vellum, parchment, and paper, in respect of any matter or thing engrossed, written, or printed thereon, shall be charged, raised, levied, and paid upon every other material of what nature or kind soever, on which any of the said matters or things shall, from and after the passing of this act, be engrossed, printed, or written, which several and respective rates and duties shall be charged, ascertained, and secured in like manner as the duties now payable on vellum, parchment, and paper are directed to be charged, ascertained, and secured by the laws now in force.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the powers, provisions, the fame^o ° rules, regulations, methods, articles, clauses, penalties, and for-extend to all feitures, and applications of penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things, which in and by any act or acts of parliament now in force, relating to any of the rates and duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, shall be in full force and effect, with relation to the rates and duties to be charged on all other materials as aforesaid, and shall be applied and put in execution for the raising, levying, recovering, collecting, and securing the said rates and duties on all other materials as aforesaid, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the same

had

from duties granted by 37 Geo. 3.

C.III.

Duties now

to extend to all materials on which the like matters shall be en-grolfed, &c.

and the pow-

such materials.

x797-l Anno regni tricesimo octavo GEORGII III. c. 86. 869

had severally and respectively been hereby re-enacted, with relation to all other materials as aforesaid.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act for abolishing certain offices in the cufoms, and for regulating certain other offices therein; and for applying the fees which have been received from vacant offices towards the aug?nentation of the Juperannnation fund.

[June 28, 1798.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS certain offices in his Majesty's customs in England,

which have been njually granted by letters patent under the great seal, have been found to be unnecessary; and other offices in the said customs, which have been also usually granted by like letters patent, although the duties, or some thereof are necessary or useful, have been commonly executed by deputies appointed by the patentees reflectively; and several of such offices are now vacant, and others are held by letters patent heretofore granted; audit is expedient that some of the said offices should be abolished, and that others should not in future be granted by letters patent, and should be abolished, so far as any of the duties thereof shall appear not to be necessary or useful\ and that provision should be made for the discharge of such duties, in such manner as shall be found convenient for the publick service: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may he enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the several offices in the customs, of inspector The offices of of prosecutions, register of goods seised and of informations and of

suits, inspedftor and examiner of the books of the patent, and in the9other officers of the ports, surveyor general of the customs, and customs, not subsidies iii the port of London, customers or collectors at the out to be hereafter ports, and keeper of the books of entries for the port of London, f^lTof theni shall not, nor shall any of them, from and after the passing of as are vacant, this a iff, be granted to any person or persons whomsoever; and and the others that such of the said several offices as are vacant shall forthwith as they be-be, and the same are hereby wholly abolished; and that such of tot>e abo^1 them as are not vacant shall hereafter, from time to time as the Ufaed. same shall respectively become vacant, be in like manner abolished; and the same are hereby, from and afeer the respective times when the same shall respectively become vacant as aforesaid, wholly abolished.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several offices of re- The offices jgifter general of trading ships, inspeeftor of the out port collectors of register accounts and vouchers, comptroller of the customs in the port of ffiips

London, excepting the duties on cloth, wool, and leather export- See. not to be ed; collector of the subsidies of tonnage and poundage in the granted, and port of London, collector of the customs of tonnage and pound- iucl1 of them age outwards in the port of London and keeper of the cocquet seal, ^dthe'others nineteen waiters commonly called King's IVaiiers in the port of as they be-London, chief patent searcher of the customs in the port of Lon- come vacant, dm, five under searchers in the port of London, two search-^fovlTas prs at Gravesend\ comptroller at the out ports, searchers at the herein after

out mentioned.

S/O Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 86. [1797.

out ports, and four King's waiters in the port of Bristol, being offices the duties whereof are in part useful and necessary, shall not, nor shall any of such offices, from and after the passing of this acd, be granted to any person or persons by patent or otherwise, save as herein after mentioned, and that such of them as f are vacant shall forthwith be abolished, and the same are hereby abolished, save as herein after provided, and that such of them as are not vacant shall hereafter, from time to time as the same shall respectively become vacant, be in like manner abolished; and the same are hereby accordingly, from and after the respective times when the same shall respectively become vacant, abolished, save as herein after mentioned.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the officers before mentioned, or any of them, shall not be compelled to any other attendance on the duty of their several offices during the continuance of the existing grants to them than has hereto-

The present officers not con', pell a hie to any other duly than as heretofore. The com mif-lioners of the

the duties of furli of the aft-mentioned offices as shall appear to be necessia-y, &c.

fore been given.

IV. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and

customs, with for t^e commissioners of his Majesty's customs, with the appro-

the approba- bation of the high treasurer or of of his Majesty's

tion of the treasury for the time being, to provide for the execution of such

trea uiy, may 0p tj, e (jutjes of the several offices la ft mentioned, as shall in their provide iorthe. 5.

execution of judgement appear to be necessary or useful, either by appointing

(by instruments under their hands, with the approbation aforesaid) proper persons to execute, during their pleasure, such necessary and useful duties of so many of the said offices as are vacant as aforesaid, and of so many of the said offices as are not vacant, when and as the same shall respectively become vacant, and by consolidating in one or more office or offices, or fepa-r2ting into distintff or different offices, such necessary and useful duties respectively, and otherwise regulating such offices respectively, in such manner as the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs, with the approbation of the said high treasurer, or of of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, shall in their judgement from time to time think fit and proper.

V. And whereas the office of coiled!or outwards in the port of London zuas, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, hell by George late duke of Manchester for the term of his life, and ihe life of his brother Charles Greville Montagu, commonly called Lord Charles Greville Montagu, by letters patent, and letters patent were prepared in the Janie year to pass ihe great seal on a fur--render of the then e: ifl ing patent by the said late duke, granting the said cjfice to him, his executors, admin jlrators, or assigns, for and during his natural life, and the natural lives of William now duke ^Manchester and lord Frederick Montagu his fons, in pursuance of his Majesty's warrant Jor that purpose, which letters patent did not pass the great seal, but the profits and emoluments of the said office have been ever fine e enjoyed by the said George late duke of Manchester and his family, in the same manner as if such letters patent had been completed: and whereas it is expedient that the said office should not be granted by letters patent as aforesaid, and that the same

should

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 85, 871

should be abolished after the deaths of the persons during whof: lives the grant was intended to have been made; be it therefore enacted.

That during the lives of the said William duke of Manchester and Frederick Montagu, commonly called Lord Frederick Montagu, the for oiitwirds salary, fees, and emoluments due to the collector outwards in in the port of the port of London, shall continue to be received and taken in London, to he such and the like manner and to the like amount^ and that the same persons shall be entitled to the profits of the said office as if ag if letters letters patent for granting the said office had been perfected, as patent had directed by his Majesty's said warrant, in the year one thousand been per'etft-seven hundred and eighty-two; and that, from and after the ec* ? death of the survivor of the said William duke of Manchester and ty's warrant in Frederick Montagu, commonly called Lord Frederick Montagu, 1782; and the said office should be abolished: provided always, That during from the the lives of the last- mentioned persons, it shall and may be law- ^eat.h ful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England, or duke^of Man-any four or more of them, with the consent and approbation of chester and his the lords of of his Majesty's treasury, to appoint pro- brother, the per persons to execute all the necessary duties of the said office ofrt^ifshed^ collector outwards in the port of London.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several offices of re- ji^he^ceiver and accomptant for Tales of condemned goods fold in Lon- of don, receiver of his Majesty's share of enumerated goods, fines, of the cuf-and forfeitures, remitted from the out ports, comptroller of his ^eojrt^n^t of Majesty's share of enumerated goods, fines, and forfeitures, re- the trJafury, mitted from the out ports, accomptant of petty receipts in the may appoint customs, surveyor of the customs, (except in the port of London), persons to four examiners of the out port books in the port of London), ^xecute the customer of cloth and petty customs in the port of London, col- prQ* yuj leclor of the petty customs of aliens in the port of London, and the^of-keeperof the cocquetfeal to the said office belonging, comptroller frees of re-

of the pretermitted customs in the port of London, collector of ceiver and ao

the customs of hides, woolfells, lead, and tin, in the port of pu^ofcon°r

London, and keeper of the seal called The Cocquet, in the port demned

aforesaid, comptroller of the customs of wool, hides, and wool- goods, &c.

fells, lead and tin, and also of the subsidies of three shillings for not to be

every dolium, and of twelve-pence of every pound in the port of

London, shall not, nor shall any of them, from and after the fifth mentioned.

day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, be granted to any persons or per foil by letters patent or other wise,

save as herein after mentioned.

VII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the The commis-

of of his Majesty's customs, with the approbation of doners of the ., ^r oj 5...V, y r customs, with the high treasurer, or of of his Majesty's treasury, ple approba-

as to any of such offices which are now vacant, and likevvi fe tion of the from time to time when and as any of such offices which are not treasury, may vacant shall become vacant, either wholly to suppress and abolish such offices, or any of them, or any parts or part thereof, or of^-^ces. any of them, or otherwise to regulate the lame in such manner as they III all think fit and proper; and in case the said of of his Majesty's customs ffinffil think fit, (with such approbation

and may provide for the execution of the duties of such as they shall think necessary, &c.

87! Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 86. [1797.

tion as aforesaid), either wholly or in part to abolish any of such offices, the same shall, from and after the confirmation by the high treasurer, or of of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them, of any order which the said of of his Majesty's customs shall make for that purpose, be, and the same are hereby abolished, either wholly or in parr, and in such manner and subject to such provisions as in such order shall be expressed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it Avail and maybe lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs, with the approbation of the high treasurer, or of of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, from time to time to provide for the execution of such of the duties of the several offices last mentioned, as shall in their judgement appear to be necessary or useful, either by appointing under their hands proper persons to execute, during their pleasure, such duties of so many of the said several offices as are vacant as aforesaid, and of so many of the said several offices as are not vacant, when and as the same shall respectively become vacant, and by consolidating in one or more office or offices, or separating into different offices, such necessary or useful duties respectively, and otherwise regulate such offices respectively in such manner as the said commissioners of his Majesty's customs, with the approbation of the high treasurer or of of his Majesty's treasury, shall in their judgement from time to time deem fit and proper.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all persons who shall or may, before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, have been appointed to execute any of the duties of any of the said several offices not wholly abolished by this act, shall, to all intents and purposes, have the same power and.au-

ces ^lainiave thority to execute and perform such duties of such offices respecthefamepow- tively, as they would have had if this act had not been made, er as they untj] such persons respectively, or some other person or persons, ha^'^revlous be aPP°'nte^ to execute such duties respectively under the

PreNlou: l authority of this act; and that all persons who Avail or may be appointed to execute any of the duties of any of such offices under the authority of this act, shall have the same powers and authorities, to all intents and purposes, to execute and perform such duties respectively, as the same persons respectively would have had if such persons had been appointed to such offices respectively

All persons appointed before July St 1798, to execute the duties of any the said offi-

to this act till others are appointed, who shall have the same powers as if appointed

before July 5, before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, according to the terms of the several warrants which such persons so to be appointed shall respectively receive from the said of of his Majesty's customs for executing such duties respectively.

X. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs, with the approbation of the high treasurer, or of of his Majesty's treasury, to appoint such salaries to be taken and had by the feve-rajpersons who shall be appointed by the said of of his rich to persons Majesty's customs to execute any of the duties of any of the said

offices

Commissioners of the customs, with the approbation ol the

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 86. 87 3

offices not wholly abolished by this act, as the said of executing the shall think fit, not exceeding the salaries, fees, perquisites, and profits, heretofore had and taken by the persons who have from ^oliffied; time to time held and enjoyed such offices respectively.

XI. And be it further enacted, That on the absolute abolition t*le-

of any office under the provisions of this act, it shall and may be any office? to lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England make com-for the time being (with the approbation of the high treasurer, or pensation to of of his Majesty's treasury for the time being), to make such just and reasonable compensation as they shall, in their who^vereem-judgement, think proper, to the deputy or deputies, clerk or ployed therein clerks, or to any other person or persons who, on and immedi- before the ately before the pa fling of this act, was or were employed in such P^hng of this office so abolished as aforesaid. c L

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when and as When necef-

often as it shall be found necessary to make a new appointment fary to ma.kfa 1, r, 0 J. r, new appoint-

under the authority or this act, for the execution of any of the ment for exe.

duties of such of the offices herein mentioned as shall be reauifite cuting the

to be performed, although the patents are abolished, the com- duties of of-

missioners of the custorns shall, in all such cases, lay an account th^'ateius

of the same before both houses of parliament, within fourteen are abolished,

days of the beginning of each session, describing the office, and an account to

the amount of the salary, which shall he appointed for the same, be laid before

XIII. And whereas a superannuation fund has long been established P^'hanient. under the management of the commissioners of his Majesty's cufoms,

for the benefit of aged and infirm or disabled officers: and whereas several sums of money have been received as fees or emoluments of various offices in the cufoms now vacant, and have accrued during the vacancy of such offices: and whereas it would promote the good of the service, by rewarding and encouraging the officers under the management of the commissioners of his Majests cufoms, if such sums of money were to be appropriated and applied in augmentation of the said superannuation fund: be it therefore enacted, That the several sums of money which have been or may be received previous to v^us to the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, 5, 1798, for for fees or emoluments of offices so abolished and vacant as fe?s of offices aforesaid, shall be appropriated and applied in augmentation of the said fund, called The Superannuation Fund, in such manner as acjded to the the said of of his Majesty's custorns for the time superanmia-being, or any four or more of them, shall in their judgement tion fund, and discretion think fitting and proper, and shall by writing under their hands direct.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no officer or other No person to person shall be put upon the said superannuation fund, except on the of of: the custorns, or any four or more of them, nuation fund being satisfied that such officer or other person is actually unfit to till incapable continue in the execution of the duties of his employment from of his employ* age, illoefs, or other infirmity; and that a list of all persons who shall be put upon the said fund shall be laid before both houses of pUt thereon to parliament, within fourteen days after the commencement of be laid before every session, specifying the offices which such persons held, and parliament.

the

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 87. [Jr797.

the times they enjoyed the same, with the salaries or emoluments thereof, and what proportions of such salaries or emoluments are continued to such persons, and stating the reasons for their being superannuated, with the names of the persons who succeeded them.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An act for the ad mini fir at ion of assets in cases where the executor to whom probate has been granted is out of the realm.

[June 28, 1798.]

WHEREAS the Iaivs now exijling are not sufficient to enforce a

speedy distribution of the ajfets of deceased persons where the

executor to whom probate of the will hath been granted is out of the jurisdiction of his Majestf s courts of law and equity \ be it therefore

certa'n eriod ena(^ec^ by Xing's most excellent majesty, by and with the

the executor*a^vice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com-

to whom pro- mons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority

bate is grant- Gf the same, That, at the expiration of twelve calendar months

ed, shall not from the death of any testator, if the executors or executor to rende with in J 7

the jurisdic- whom probate of the will shall have been granted, are or is then tion of his residing out of the jurisdiction of his Majesty's courts of law and

Majesty's equity, it shall be lawful for the ecclesiastical court which hath

C°Ulkation of grante^ probate of such will, upon the application of any cre-acreditor See. clitor, next of kin, or legatee, grounded on the affidavit herein-special admi- after mentioned, to grant such special administration as herein-nistration may after is also mentioned; which administration shall be written or for^vhkh^a pouted upon paper or parchment {lamped only with one five es. (lamp duty {billing stamp, and shall pay no further or other duty to his ill all be paid. Majesty, his heirs or successors.

The party ap-

II. And be it further enacted, That the party applying to the plying to spiritual court to grant such administration as aforesaid, shall make the fol- majee an affidavit in the following words, or to the purport and davit!* a e fol lowing:

874

[Preamble.]

r n ft__________

Affidavit. 4 T A.B. of do swear, That that there is due

JL and owing to me, upon bond or simple contract, or upon account unfettfed, as the case may happen to be, (in which latter

case be shall swear to the befl of his belief only), from the estate

and effects of deceased, the sum of and that

C. ZX, the only executor capable of acting, and to whom probate hath been granted, hath departed this kingdom and is now out of the jurisdiction of his Majesty's courts of law and equity, and that this deponent is desirous of exhibiting a bill in equity in his Majesty's court of*for the purpose of being paid his

demand out of the a {lets of the said testator/

Administra-

III. And be it further enacted, That the administration to be

tLon to be planted pursuant to this act shall be in the form herein after

granted in the b.q, ..r x

following mentioned; (that is to lay),

form.

by divine providence, archbishop of Canterbury, pri-

mate

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 87. S75

mate of all England and metropolitan, to our well-beloved in Chrtft greeting: whereas it hath been alledged before

the worshipful dodfor of laws, surrogate of

dodfor of laws, master, keeper, or commissary of our prerogative court of Canterbury, lawfully constituted by you the said That did, whilst living and of found mind, memory,

and understanding, make and duly execute his last will and testament in writing, and did therefore nominate, constitute, and appoint, his executors, (or, foie executor), who in the

month of proved the said will by the authority of our

said court, and now re side (or, resides) out of this kingdom, and out of the jurisdiction of his Majesty's courts of law and equity,

(as in and by an affidavit duly made and sworn to by and brought into and left in the registry of our said court, (reference being thereunto had will more fully and at large appear): and whereas the surrogate aforesaid, having duly considered the premiles, did, at the petition of the said decree letters

of administration of all and singular the goods, chattels, and credits of the said deceased, to be committed and granted

to you the said named by or on the behalf of the said

a creditor, (legatee) or (one of the next kin) of the said deceased, (as- the case may be), limited for the purpose, to become and be made a. party to a bill or bills to be exhibited.against you in any of his Majesty's courts of equity, and to carry the decree or decrees of any of the said court or courts into effect, but no further or otherwise, (justice so requiring): and we being desirous that the said goods, chattels, and credits, maybe well and faithfully administered, applied, and disposed of, according to law, do therefore, by these presents, grant full power and authority to you, in whose fidelity we confide, to administer, and faithfully dispose of the said goods, chattels, and credits, according to the tenor and effect of the said will, limited as aforesaid, so far as such goods, chattels, and credits of the deceased will thereto extend, and the law requires, you having been already sworn, well and faithfully to administer the same, and to make a true and perfect inventory of all and singular the said goods, chattels, and credits, so far as the same may come to your hands, and to exhibit the same into the registry of our said prerogative court of Canterbury, on or before the next ensuing, and also to render a just and true account thereof: and we do by these presents ordain and constitute you administrator of all and Angular the goods, chattels, and credits, of the said deceased, limited as aforesaid, but no further, or otherwise.

Given at London, the day of in the year of

our Lord and in the year of our translation.*

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the C011^ may court of equity in which such suit shall be depending, to appoint fons^to code# (if it shall be needful) any persons or person to collect! in any outstanding outstanding debts or effects due to such estate, and to give dif- debts.

Vol. XLL M m ivt charges

8j6 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 88, 89.[1797.

charges for the same, such persons or person giving security in the usual manner, duly to account for the same, inpto dfe°nS" And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

estate of the accountant general of the high court of chancery, or for the deceased, may secretary, or deputy secretary, of the governor and company of be transferred the bank of England, to transfer, and for the governor and com-o^the^ac1131116 PanY t^le of England to suffer a transfer to be made of countantge- any belonging to the estate of such deceased person, into

neral in chan- the name of the accountant general, in trust, for such purposes eery, in trust as the court shall direct, in any suit in which the person to whom nofeRUfls th^" a<^m*nistration hath been granted, shall be, or may have

no.as e been, a party: provided nevertheless, That if the executors or executor capable of aefting as such, shall return to and reftde within the jurisdiction of any of the said courts pending such suit, such executors or executor shall be made party to such suit, and the coils incurred by granting such administration, and by pro-juril'diction Of ceding in such suit against such administrator, shall be paid by the court, to such person or persons, or out of such fund as the court where be made a such suit is depending shall direeft,

party in such

VI. And whereas inconveniences arise from granting probate to

poses as the court shall direct in any suit.

Executors returning to re-fide within

infants under the age of twenty-one \ be it enacted, That where an

suit.

fant^fole111*n^ant IS f°le executor, administration, with the will annexed,

executor, ad- shall be granted to the guardian of such infant, or to such other

ministration person as the spiritual court shall think fit, until such infant shall

to be granted have attained the full age of twenty-one years, at which period,

dhinhe&cJar" anc* not before, Pr°hate of the will shall be granted to him.

whoftiallhave And be it enacted, That the person to whom such ad-

the lame miniilration shall be granted, shall have the same powers veiled

power as in him as an administrator now hath by virtue of an adminiilra-

where admi- tion granted to him durante minore estate of the next of kin. mstration is

ranted in ore CAP. LXXXVIII.

setate of the An act for regulating until the first day of August one thousand seven, next ol kin, hundred and ninety-nine, the shipping and carrying of slaves in British vessels from the coast of Africa.

[June 28, 1798.]

CAP. LXXXIX.

An act for transferring the management of the salt duties to the commissioners of excise; and for repealing the duties on salt, and the drawbacks, allowances, and bounties paid thereout, and for granting other duties, drawbacks, allowances, and bounties thereon.

[June 28, 1798.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS certain duties of excise are noiu payable for or in respect of foreign salt imported into Great Britain, and for or in respect of salt brought from Scotland into England, and for or in respect of salt and rock salt made at any salt works, or raised or taken out of any pit or pits in Great Britain, and certain duties are also payable for or in respect of mineral alkali or flux for glass made in Great Britain, and a certain duty of customs is Ukewfle payable for or in respect of rock Jalt exported from Great Britain to parts beyond the

fleas:

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. 877

seas: and whereas certain drawbacks, di[counts, allowances,

bounties, payable out of the said duties on salt: and whereas it is expedient to repeal the said duties, drawbacks, discounts,

allowances, bounties, and to impose other duties, grant other

drawbacks and bounties in lieu thereof; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and

consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth day of October one thousand From Odt.

seven hundred and ninety-eight, all and singular the said duties, duties^on salt

drawbacks, discounts, allowances, and bounties, granted by any an(i the draw-

adfc or acts of parliament nowin force, shall cease and determine, backs, allow-

and be no longer paid or payable, save and except in all cases tances». an<* ., .^. ° r \\'c bounties, paid

relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying of any arrears thereout

thereof respectively which may at that time remain unpaid, or repealed!

to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture relating thereto respectively,

which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

eight.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said ^rom tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety- duties follow-eight, in lieu and in (lead of the said duties by this act repealed, ing to be there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, paid; his heirs and successors, the several sums of money and duties of excise herein after respectively mentioned; (that is say),

For every bushel of salt, not being the product or manufacture For foreign

of Great Britain, that shall be imported into Great Britain, j^fo Great

thirteen shillings and four-pence; and so in proportion for any Britain, 1: 3s.

greater or less quantity: 4-d.per bu/liel:

For every bushel of salt or rock salt that shall be made at any for salt or

salt work, or raised or taken out of any salt mine or salt pit in rock salt

England or Wales, ten shillings; and so in proportion for any ad.e' &c*111

greater or less quantity: Wales", 10s.;

For every bushel ot salt or rock salt that shall be made at any and jn

salt work, or raised or taken out of any salt mine or salt pit in Scotland, 6s.

Scotland, six shillings and sixpence; and so in proportion for any 6d. per

greater or less quantity: bushel:

For every bushel of all salts known or called by the name of Glauber

Glauber or Epsom Salts, which shall be made or produced at any GtcatBrifain,

salt work in Great Britain, ten shillings; and so in proportion Ios. per

for any greater or less quantity: bushel:

For every ton of mineral alkali or flux for glass, which shall for mineral

be made of any rock salt, or from any brine or sea water, the

sum of twenty shillings; and so in proportion for any greater or pajt> 2QS

less quantity: per ton:

For every bushel of rock salt which shall be exported to parts for rock salt

beyond the seas, one penny; and so in proportion for any exported, id.

J, r per bushel:

greater or lets quantity: \

For every bushel of salt or rock salt which shall be imported from Scotland into England or Wales, accompanied with a certifi- imported from

M M: M 2 cate Scotland into

878 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. [1797.

England or cate from the proper officer that it hath paid the duty of fix pTr bushel* 6°* an^ sixpence hereby imposed for every bushel of salt or

rock salt made at any salt work, or taken out of any salt mine or salt pit in Scotland, three shillings and sixpence; and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

From 0ct. 10, 1798, the following drawbacks and bounties to be paid on exportation:

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the following drawbacks and bounties shall be made, allowed, and paid, out of the duties by this act imposed; (that is to say),

For salt (except rock salt) made in England or Wales, a drawback of 10s.; and made in Scotland,

6s. 6d. per bushel:

For every bushel of salt which shall be made in England or Wales (rock salt excepted) for which all the duties due and payable thereon shall be paid or secured to be paid, and which shall be duly exported from thence to parts beyond the seas, a drawback or allowance of ten shillings:

For every bushel of salt which shall be made in Scotland, (rock salt excepted) for which all the duties due and payable thereon shall be paid or secured to be paid, and which shall be duly exported from thence to parts beyond the seas, a drawback or allowance of six shillings and sixpence:

For every bushel of salts known or called by the name of Great Britain, Glauber or Epsom Salts, which shall be made or produced at9any salt work in Great Britain, for which all the duties due and payable thereon shall be paid or secured to be paid, and which shall be duly exported to parts beyond the seas, a drawback or allowance of five shillings:

For every one hundred weight of dried cod fish, ling, or hake, (commonly called Haber dine,) which shall contain in length fourteen inches or upwards from the bone in the fin, to the third joint in the tail of every such fifii, and which shall be duly exported from Great Britain to parts beyond the seas, a bounty of three shillings:

For every barrel of wet cod fish, ling, or hake, containing as. per barrel: thirty-two galions, which shall be duly exported from Great Britain to parts beyond the seas, a bounty of two shillings:

For every barrel of salmon, containing forty-two galions, which shall be duly exported from Great Britain to parts beyond the seas, a bounty of four shillings and sixpence:

For every barrel of white herrings, containing thirty-two galions, which shall be duly exported from Great Britain to parts beyond the seas, a bounty of two shillings and eight-pence:

For every barrel of full red herrings, containing thirty-two galions, which shall be duly exported from Great Britain to parts beyond the seas, a bounty of one shilling and nine-

for Glauber Salts made in

Ss. per bushel

for dried cod fish, &c. a bounty of 3s. perevvt.;

and for wet cod fish, &c.

for salmon, a bounty of 4s. 6d.;

for white herrings, as. 8d.;

for red herrings, is. 9d.;

and for clean fhotten red herrings, is. per barrel 1

pence:

For every barrel of clean fhotten red herrings, containing thirty-two galions, which shall be duly exported from Great Britain to parts beyond the seas, a bounty of one shilling:

For

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 8-9. 879

For every lad, confiding of ten thousand dried red sprats, for dried red which shall be duly exported from Great Britain to parts beyond the seas, a bounty of one shilling:

For every cask or vessel of pilchards or fcads, containing fifty for pilchards galions, which shall be duly exported from Great Britain to parts or fcads, 7s. beyond the seas, a bounty of seven shillings: per cat

For every barrel of beef or pork, containing thirty-two for beef or^galions, which shall be salted in England or Wales with salt P°r^a^te^.in which shall have paid all the duties due and payable thereon, and Wales with which shall be duly exported from thence to parts beyond the salt that has seas, a bounty of five shillings: paidduty,

For every barrel of beef or pork, of thirty-two galions, which shall be salted in Scotland with foreign salt, (without mixture of foreign salt, British or Irish faltj, which shall have paid all the duties due and 5s. per bar-payable thereon, and which shall be duly exported to parts rcl* beyond the seas, a bounty of five shillings.

IV. And be it further enacted, That sixty-five pounds weight What quan-avoirdupois of rock salt, shall be deemed and taken to be a bushel p^e^eem-of rock salt; and that of every other kind or species of salt, not edabufhel. being rock (lilt, fifty-six pounds weight avoirdupois, shall be

deemed and taken to be a buftiel.

V. And be it further enacted, Th2t all and every barrel, Barrels to be

cask, or other vessel, in which fish, beef, or pork, entitled to any f^ahon bounty by this act given or granted, shall be paeked, shall be wine

gauged, measured, or ascertained, and the same shall be taken to measure.

be so much as the same will reflectively contain, According to the gallon English wine measure.

VI. And be it further enacted, That such of the duties by Duties to b$ this act imposed as shall arise or become payable in England, under the shall be under the management of the commissioners of excise of the com-in England for the time being, and such thereof as shall arise missioners of or become due in Scoeland, shall be under the management of the excise. commissioners of excise in Scotland for the time being.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Commission-lawful to and for the commissioners of excise, or the major part pou^for^he* of them respectively to compound for the duty by this act duty on salt granted, for and in respect of salt, with any refiner or refiners of with refiners rock salt; and also for the duty by this act imposed, for or in respect of mineral alkali or flux for glass, from time to time, in such manner and form, and upon such terms and conditions, as respect of shall be most to the advantage and improvement of the receipts mineral alkali, of the said duty; any thing in this or any other act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the duty hereby If imported imposed on foreign salt or other salt imported into Great Britain, before pay^0 shall from time to time be satisfied and paid by the importer or ment of duty, importers of the same, upon his, her, or their entry or entries it shall be for-made, and before landing thereof; and that in case any foreign or fitted, with imported salt shall be unshipped or landed, or put on shore, or

into any ship, boat, or vessel in Great Britain, before due'*

M M M 3 entry

88o

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. [1797.

entry be made thereof with the collector of excise of the port, or place where such salt shall be imported, or before the duties hereby imposed for cr in respect thereof shall have been fully satisfied and paid, or without a warrant for the landing or delivering of such salt, signed by such collector as aforesaid, then and in such case all such foreign or imported salt so unthipped, landed, or put on (bore, or into any boat or vessel in Great Britain contrary to the directions of this act, shall be forfeited, together with the packages containing the same; and the ships, boats, and vessels, and all the horses, and other cattle and carriages whatsoever made use of in the removing, landing, carriage, or conveyance of such (alt, and the same respectively shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the cu froms or excise, and the person or persons concerned or employed in so unshipping, landing, removing, or putting such foreign or imported salt on (bore, or into any ship, boat, or vessel as aforesaid, contrary to the directions of this a fit, or to whose hands the same shall come, after the same shall have been unshipped, landed, or put on shore as aforesaid, he, she, or they knowing the same to have been so unshipped, landed, or put on shore, shall for each and every offence, forfeit and lose treble the value of such (alt.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any foreign salt or other salt imported into Great Britain, shall not be entered and landed, and the duty due and payable thereon be fully paid and satisfied, within twenty days after the matter or other person having the charge or command of the ship or vessel in which such foreign salt or other salt shall be imported, shall or ought to have made his report of the burthen, contents, and landing of such ship or vessel, in pursuance of the directions of an adiy made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for preventing frauds and regulating abuses in his Majesty's customs, then and in every such case all such foreign salt or other salt imported into Great Britain shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise or customs.

X. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That any such foreign salt as shall be duly and fairly imported into

may belauded Great Britain in any quantity not lets than fifty bushels, upon and warehous- due entry thereof, may forth with, and before payment of all or ed, on bond any part of tjle duty by tins add imposed for or in respect of duty1 when foreign salt, be landed, in the presence of the proper officer of fold, or in 12 excise, from on board the ship or vessel in which the same shall be months if not imported, and shall be weighed, and carried, and put into such import warehouse, storehouse, or cellar, as shall be for that purpose provided, (at the expence of the respective proprietor or proprietors, or importer or importers of such salt), and shall be approved of by the commissioners of excise, or the person or persons who dial] be appointed or employed by them for that purpose upon the proprietor or proprietors, or importer or importers, of such salt giving good and fu-fficieM bond or security, to be alia approved

of

and the persons concerned to forfeit treble the value of the salt.

If salt imported be not entered and landed and the duty paid within a limited time, it shall be forfeited.

Foreign salt, not less than 50 butliels,

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89.

of by the said commissioners of excise, or the person or persons who shall be appointed or employed by them for that purpose, in double the amount of the duty by this act imposed, for or in respect of such foreign salt, that he, she or they shall and will pay and clear off all the duties with which any such foreign salt, that shall be so put into any such warehouse, storehouse, or cellar, shall be charged, or to which the same shall be liable, a£ soon as such foreign salt shall be sold, in case the same shall be sold within twelve months from and after the time the same shall be so put into any such warehouse, storehouse, or cellar, as aforesaid; or in case such salt shall not be sold within such twelve months, that such proprietor or proprietors, or importer or importers, shall and will pay and clear off all the said duties at the end or expiration of such twelve months; such duties to be charged according to the quantity of such foreign salt as the same shall be ascertained by the proper officer of excise at the time such foreign salt shall be landed and lodged or put into any such warehouse, storehouse, or cellar, as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every such warehouse, storehouse, or cellar, shall at all times, except when the proper

officer of excise shall be attending, for the purpose of receiving or ]0cks of the delivering salt, or taking account of salt therein, be secured officer and under the joint locks of such officer and the proprietor or owner proprietor, thereof: and no salt shall be put into, or delivered out of, atT be received or such warehouse, storehouse, or cellar, in any less quantity, at one delivered in time, than fifty bushels; and when and so often as the proprietor or Ids quantity proprietors, or owner or owners of such foreign salt shall ^s° ancj

desirous of, or have occasion to lodge or put any foreign salt^hour serein to, or to take or deliver the same out of any such warehouse, vious notice storehouse, or cellar, he, she, or they, shall give previous notice of intention thereof, in writing, to the proper officer of excise by the space out salt of twelve hours, specifying in such notice the day and hour of the to be jvcn day when he, file, or they intends or intend to lodge or put any the officer., foreign lait into, or to take or deliver the same out of, any such warehouse, storehouse, or cellar, and the quantity of salt intended to be put into or delivered out of the same; and such officer is hereby authorised and required to attend in pursuance of every such notice, for the purpose of receiving or delivering and taking account of the quantity of such foreign salt accordingly.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall curers and may be lawful to and for any known fish curer or fish curers

to import and lodge in his, her, or their entered warehouses, free entered ware-of the duty by this act imposed for or in respect of foreign salt, houses, not and for the sole purpose of curing and preserving fish, any quantity of foreign salt not less than fifty bushels at one time, f0ie|g, fa|t upon the terms and conditions, and under, subject, and according duty-free, for to the several rules, regulations, restrictions, and provisions, curing fish, herein after provided and established, for or in respect of British uP0I}. c.ertaia salt sent or delivered to fish curers, free of duty, for the purpose conultlQlls*

M M M 4 Of

882

Foreign salt not to be imported in vefleh of kfs than 40 tons burthen, on penalty of forfeiture, with the vessel, &c.

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georg 11 III. c. 89. [1797.

of curing and preserving fish: provided always, That such foreign salt so to be employed and consumed in curing and preserving fish be duly and fairly entered with the proper collector of excise upon the importation thereof, and weighed and transhipped, or weighed and landed, and warehoused, as the case may require, in the presence and with the concurrence of the proper officer of excise at the port of importation.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no foreign salt shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or into any port, harbour, haven, or creek thereof, in any ship or vessel of less burthen than forty tons, (excepting only for theufeof the seamen then belonging to and on board the ship or vessel in which the same shall be imported, not exceeding five pounds weight for each seaman), upon pain of forfeiting all such salt, together with the casks and other packages respectively containing the same, and also the ship or vessel in or on board of which the same shall be so imported or brought, with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, and the same respectively shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise.

No salt or rock salt to be imported into Great Britain from Ireland, Guernfeyjer-fey, Sark. Alderney, or Man.

If any vessel be found at anchor, or hovering within certain limits, having salt or rock salt on board, except for the use of the seamen on board, the salt may be seized, with the vessel.

6cc.

XIV. And be it further en3&ed, That no salt or rock salt, whether the produce or manufacture of Great Britain or of any other country, shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or into any port, harbour, haven, or creek thereof, from Ireland, or the iffands of Guernsey^Jersey, Sark, Alderney, or Man\and that if any salt or rock salt shall be so imported or brought into Great Britain as aforesaid, excepting only for the use of the seamen th-en belonging to and on board the ship or vessel in which the same shall be imported, not exceeding two pounds weight for each seaman, and flowed fairly and openly in such ship or vessel in which the same shall be imported; or if any (Rip, vessel, or boat whatever, shall be found at anchor, or hovering within the limits of any port of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the coast of Great Britain, or shall be discovered to have been within such limits or distance, and not proceeding on her voyage, wind and weather permitting, unless in case of unavoidable necessity or distress of weather, of which necessity or distress the mailer or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship, vessel, or boat, shall give notice to, and make proof before the collector or other chief officer of the customs of excise of the port within the limits of which such ship, vessel, or boat shall be found immediately after the arrival of such ship, vessel, or boat, within the limits of such port, having on board any salt or rock salt, except as aforesaid, then ^nd in every such case, not only all such salt and rock salt respectively, together with the casks and other packages respectively containing the same, but also the ship, vessel, or boat, on board which the same shall be found as aforesaid, with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, Hi all be forfeited, whether bulk shall then have been broken or not, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. 883

officers of the customs or excise: provided always nevertheless.

That nothing in this act shall extend, or be deemed or construed Forfeiture to extend, to forfeit any ship, vessel, or boat, for having salt not to extend on board, if such ship, vessel, or boat, shall be known to be

regularly and usually employed in fishing, and shall have in on boirda*0^ or on board the same no more or other salt than shall have been necessary duly received from some entered warehouse for keeping fishery quantity of salt, or from some other ship, vessel, or boat, employed in fishing; £altt rsceive^ and if such salt shall net exceed the quantity which shall be necessary for preserving such quantity of fish, as may be reasonably or other fiiii-expected to be thereafter taken by the crew of such ship, or veiled ing veffids. or boat, on or during the particular trip or voyage in which such ship, vessel, or boat, shall be then engaged or employed; any thing in this act contained to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithffiandi ng.

XV. And whereas it is expedient that rock salt JJoould be allowed to be refined and made into white shit at such refiners of rock jalt in England, as have heretofore been entered and used for that purpose;

be it therefore enacted, That from and after the tenth day of Rock salt may

October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it shall and may be lawful to refine rock salt, and make the same into piaces ciuiy

white salt, at such salt works and places (and at no other) which entered.

are or shall be erected or set up, and duly entered, for the

refining of rock salt, at any place within the ditdance of ten

miles of and from the salt mine or salt pit from which the rock

salt intended to be refined shall be raised or taken, or which shall have been duly entered and used for the refining of rock

salt, and, making the same into white salt, at any time previous to the passing of this act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons Penalty of

shall refine any rock salt, or make the same into white salt, at 200l. for any place or salt work, save and except at such place or places, un°

or salt work or salt works, as is and are authorised, or shall be authoriseci licensed under the provisions of this act, he, she, or they shall, places.

for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person Makers^ of and persons being a maker or makers of salt, or a refiner or of rockfiMt3 refiners of rock salt, or being a proprietor or proprietors of any anci proprie-salt mine, salt pit, salt refinery, or salt work, shall, on or before tors of salt the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety- mines or eight, or before he, she, or they shall presume to make any salt,

or to refine any rock salt, or to dig, raise, or take any rock fair of certain* from or out of any salt mine or salt pit, make tiue and particular particulars, entry in writing, at the office of excise within the compass or limits on penalty >£ of which such salt mine, salt pit, salt work, or salt refinery shall the

be situate, of each and every salt mine, fair pit, salt refinery, and* salt work whatsoever, belonging to such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors as aforesaid, specifying the parish and place where the same shall be fkuate, and also the

number

88a

Excise officers may at all times, on request, enter salt mines,

&c. to take an account.

Proprietors of la It mines to provide a warehouse, into which all rock salt shall be flowed,

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. [1797.

number and situation of all workhouses, sheds, citterns, receivers, reservoirs, pans, stoves, rooms, lofts, warehouses, store-houses, and other places which he, she, or they shall at any time have or use for the taking, raising, preparing, making, refining, drying, storing, laying, or keeping of salt or rock salt, on pain of forfeiting, for every neglect or refusal to make such entry as aforesaid, the sum of one hundred pounds, together with all the salt or rock salt, and the packages containing the same, and also all the preparations, citterns, receivers, reservoirs, pans, barrows, baskets, troughs, and other vessels, implements, and utensils, used or employed in the procuring, or making salt, or which shall be found in any such private or unentered workhouse, filed, room, loft, warehouse, ttorehouse, or other place, and the same shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any officer or officers of excise, from time to time and at all times, by day or night, upon his or their requett, to enter into all and every the salt mines, salt pits, salt refineries, or salt works, and also into all and every the workhouses, (beds, warehouses, ttorehcuses, ttoves, lofts, or other places entered or made use of by any maker or makers of salt, or refiner or refiners of rocic fair, or proprietor or proprietors of any salt mine, salt pit, or salt work, for the purpose of taking, raising, making, refining, drying, storing, laying, or keeping salt or rock salt, and by weighing, gauging, tale, or otherwise as to such officer or officers shall seem meet to take an account of the quantity, kinds, and species, of all salt and rock salt which shall be taken, making, or refining, or which shall have been taken, made, or refined, at such salt mines, salt pits, salt refiners, or salt works as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every proprietor and proprietors of any salt, mine or salt pit, shall provide, support, and maintain a proper and secure warehouse or store-house, with good and sufficient fastenings thereto, inclosing or adjoining to the entrance, mouth, or shaft of every salt mine or fab pit belonging to such proprietor or proprietors, into which

and locked up Warehouse or ttorehouse all rock salt shall be put and flowed CV*1'e away>^an^ at the expence of such proprietor or proprietors, 1"Ciy and no such warehouse or ttorehouse shall have more than three

doors or entrances into the same, and every such warehouse or ttorehouse shall be locked up and secured by the proper officer of excise under whose survey the same shall from time to time be, except at such time or times only as the same shall be opened by the proper officer of excise for the purpose of depositing rock salt therein, or when the proper officer shall be attending for the purpose of taking account of, or weighing or delivering the same out of such warehouse or ttorehouse; and if any such proprietor or proprietors shall neglect or refuse to provide, support, or maintain such warehouse or ttorehouse as aforesaid, or shall not cause such rock salt to be removed to and flowed away in such warehouse or ttorehouse as aforesaid, he, she, or they

shallj

Penalty of 100l. for not providing warehouses, & c.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. 5

shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the pro- Proprietors of prietor and proprietors of every salt mine or salt pit, shall at lead:

twelve hours before he, she, or they shall at any time begin to notice1 of US raise or take away rock salt from or out of any salt mine or salt intention of pit, give notice in writing to the officer of excise under whose taking out survey such salt mine or salt pit shall be, of the particular day

and hour of the day on which he, she, or they intends or y

intend to begin raising or taking any rock salt from or out of any such mine or pit; and in case such proprietor or proprietors shall not begin to raise or take such rock salt from or out of his, her, or their mine or pit within the space of one hour after the particular time and hour mentioned in such notice for that purpose, then such notice shall be null and void, and such proprietor or proprietors shall give a fresh and like notice before he, file, or they shall begin to raise or take any rock salt from or out of such mine or pit; and in case any such proprietor or proprietors shall neglect or refuse to give such notice, or having given a notice which shall become void as aforesaid, shall, neglect to give a fre/h and like notice, every such proprietor or proprietors as aforesaid shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no rock salt shall be R°^k salt not

delivered, taken, removed, carried, or conveyed, from or out f^m any^ of any warehouse or storehouse entered according to the direc- warehouse tions of this add, except in the presence of the proper officer of but in the excise under whose survey the same shall be, nor shall any presence of such rock salt be delivered, taken, removed, carried, or conveyed ^\e{s

away, from or out of any such warehouse or fiorehouse as quantity than aforesaid, in any less quantity than four buffiels at one time, nor four bushels, shall any rock salt be delivered, taken, removed, carried, or andonly conveyed, from or out of any such warehouse or storehouse, tahThours61'* except between the hours of five in the morning and seven in on penalty^f the evening, from the twenty-fourth day of March to the its forfeiture, twenty-ninth day of September, and between the hours of seven with

in the morning and five in the evening, from the twenty-eighth i1a s> c" day of September to the twenty-eighth day of March, in each year; and all such rock salt so delivered, or removed or removing, contrary to the directions of this act, together with the packages containing the same, and the flats, barges, boats, or other vessels, waggons, carts, or other carriages, and also the horses and cattle used or employed in removing the same respectively, shall be forfeited, and the same respectively shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise, and the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors of such warehouse or storehouse shall forfeit and lose the sum of forty Shillings for every bushel of such rock salt so delivered, removed or removing, contrary to the directions of this act, or the sum of fifty pounds, at the election of his Majesty's attorney general, or the person or persons who shall (ue (or the same.

886

Makers of fklt, refiners of rock salt, and proprietor^ of lillt works, to provide warehouses, into which all salt (rock salt excepted) shall be put, and secured by the excise officer.

Penalty of 5ol. for neglect*

Makers of salt, refiners of rock salt, and proprietors of fdt works, to give previous notice of intention to charge their par. 6, f: e. on pen..ih of id.

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. [1797.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every maker or makers of salt, and refiner or refiners of rock salt, and proprietor or proprietors of any salt work respectively, shall provide, support, and maintain a proper and secure ware-house, storehouse, or loft, or warehouses, storehouses, or lofts,

" with good and sufficient fastenings thereto, into which warehouse or warehouses, or storehouse or storehouses, or loft or lofts, or same or one of them, all his, her, or their salt (rock salt excepted) shall be put and deposited by and at the expence of such maker, refiner, or proprietor, or makers, refiners, or proprietors, according to the di rediions of this act, and no such warehouse, storehouse, or loft, shall have more than two doors or entrances for the purpose of delivering-salt out of any such warehouse, storehouse, or loft, nor shall any such warehouse, storehouse, or loft, have more than four doors or entrances immediately into or communicating with any pan or boiling house, nor shall there be any other door or communication whatsoever between any such warehouse, storehouse, or loft, and any other place whatsoever, save and except such doors, entrances, or communications as aforesaid, and each such warehouse, storehouse, and loft respectively, shall be locked up and secured by the proper officer of excise under whole furvev the same shall from time to time be, except at such time or times only as such officer shall be attending for the purpose of depositing salt therein, or for weighing or taking account of or delivering salt out of such respective warehouse, storehouse, or loft; and if any such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, proprietor or proprietors as aforesaid, shall neg'edt or refuse to provide such warehouse, storehouse, or loft, or warehouses, storehouses, or lofts as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every maker or makers of salt, and refiner or refiners of rock salt, and proprietor or proprietors of any salt work, shall, at least six hours before he, she, or they, shall begin to charge his, her, or their pan or boiler with brine or other preparation for making or refining salt give to the officer of excise under whose survey his, her, or their salt work shall be, a notice in writing of his, her, or their intention so to do, specifying therein the particular time and hour at which he, she, or they intends or intend so to charge his, her, or their pan or boiler, and also whether he, she, or they intends or intend to make large grained, commonly called Fishery Salty or fine grained salt; and if any such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors, shall not begin to charge his, her, or their pan or boiler within the space of one hour after the particular time or hour specified in such notice for that purpose, then such notice shall be void, and every such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors > as aforesaid, shall give a fresh and like notice before he, she, or they ill all begin to charge his, her, or their pan or boiler $ and in

case

1797 '1 Anno regni tricesimo ofcavo Georgii ILL c. 89, 887

case such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors, shall neglect or refuse to give such notice, or having given a notice which shall become void as aforesaid, shall neg-lect or refuse to give a fresh and like notice, he, file, or they shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every such ^c^I^ers* maker or makers of salt, refiner or refiners of rock salt, proprie- Without for or proprietors of any salt work, who, in pursuance of any delay, to such notice as aforesaid, shall begin to charge his, her, or their charge with pan or boiler with brine or other preparation for making salt or the w.h°le refining rock salt, shall proceed without respite or delay, and brine*"1 &c°*to with all due diligence and dispatch, to charge such pan or boiler be employed, with the whole quantity of brine or other preparation intended on penalty of to be employed, used, or worked off at such boiling or opera- 2°h

tion, on pain, for every neglect or refusal thereof, to forfeit the sum of twenty pounds: provided always nevertheless, That if One addition any such maker, refiner, or proprietor, shall have occasion to add J^Yhechar^ to or increase the brine in any pan or boiler, after such pan or before boiler shall have been charged, and before any salt of that par- taken out, ticular boiling or operation shall have been taken from or out of upon giving such pan or boiler, he, she, or they shall be permitted and allowed once, but not oftener, to add to and increase the quantity of brine in any such pan or boiler, upon giving to the officer of excise under whose survey his, her, or their salt work shall then be, a notice in writing of his, her, or their intention to make such addition or increase, which notice shall be given by the space of two hours before he, she, or they shall begin to make such addition or increase, and shall contain such or the like particulars as are herein-before required to be specified in the notice directed to be given for charging the pan or boiler.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any maker or Penalty of makers of salt, refiner or refiners of rock salt, or proprietor or 5°1* for put-proprietors of any salt work, shall convey or put any brine into ^after^0 any pan or boiler after he, she, or they shall have begun to take taken any salt out of such pan or boiler, and before the whole boiling out before the or operation of such particular charge shall be finished, and all. whole opera-the salt made or intended to be made therefrom shall be taken

out of such pan or boiler, or shall convey or put any brine into ch^rgect'9 e'x_ any pan or boiler after the same shall have been fully charged, cept as before (except in the manner herein-before allowed, under such notice allowed, as is herein-before provided, for making an addition to or in-creasing the brine in the pan or boiler), he, file, or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the salt taken from ?alfc taken

or out of each and every pan or boiler at each boiling or opera- to be keptfe^ tion, shall be kept in the pan house, boiling house, or boiling p3mCi f3ncj place, separate and apart from all other salt whatever, and within within a limit-ten hours after the salt shall be so taken from or out of such pan ed time, and or boiler, and before any salt of any subsequent boiling or opera- 0

tion shall be taken from or out of the same pan, or boiler, such qU'ent boiling maker or makers, refiner or refiners, proprietor or proprietors, be taken out*

shall a declaration

to be eiven shall deliver to the proper officer of excise under whose survey \

who shall \ake S'^1S' ^er' or f^eir work lha.ll be, a declaration in writing, specifying the true number of baikets, barrows, or troughs of salt, made or taken from or out of such pan or boiler at such boiling or operation, and thereupon the said officer shall proceed to take an account of the number of baskets, barrows, or troughs of salt so made or taken from or out of such pan or boiler as aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the proper officer of excise shall have taken an account of and ascertained the number of baskets, barrows, or troughs of salt made at any boiling, the maker or makers, or refiner or refiners of such salt, or the proprietor or proprietors of the salt work where such salt shall be made, shall immediately proceed, with a sufficient number of his, her, or their workmen and servants, and with all due diligence and dispatch, to carry or remove all such salt into his, her, or their entered warehouse or warehouses, storehouse or storehouses, or loft or lofts; and if such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, proprietor or proprietors, shall neglect or refute so to remove such fair, he, ffie, or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XXVIII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That in case any maker or makers, refiner or refiners

of any boiling of salt, or proprietor or proprietors of any salt work, instead of IToufed before keeping feac^ boiling or operation in the pan or boiling the whole is house until the whole of each boiling or operation shall be finiffi-finished, on ed, shall be desirous to carry, remove, or put any salt of any

certain con- particular boiling or operation into his, her, or their warehouse

ditions. or Warehouses, storehouse or storehouses, or loft or lofts, before

any such boiling or operation shall be linished, it shall and may be lawful to and for such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors, to carry, remove, or put one half (but neither more nor less) of the whole number of baskets, barrows, or troughs, of salt, to be made at each such boiling or operation into any such warehouse or warehouses, storehouse or storehouses, or loft or lefts, upon the terms and conditions herein after mentioned; that is to say, That in the notice required by this aift to be given for charging his, her, or their pan or boiler with brine, or other preparation, such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors, shall specify the particular number of baskets, barrows, or troughs, of which such half of such particular boiling or operation shall or will consist, and the day, and hour of the day, when such half of the number of baskets, barrows, or troughs, of salt of every such boiling or operation shall be carried, removed, or put, into such warehouse or warehouses, storehouse or storehouses, or loft or lofts; and also that all the salt which, according to the specification in such notice, shall be intended to be carried, removed, or put into such warehouse or warehouses, storehouse or storehouses, or loft or lofts, at each such removal, shall be actually so carried, removed, and put, immediately after the proper officer of excise hath taken a true

account

an account.

When the account is taken, the salt to be removed into the warehouse, on penalty of aol.

Half the salt

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. 889

account thereof, and before any more or other salt shall be taken out of the pan or boiler of that or any subsequent boiling or operation.

XXIX. And whereas certain refiners of rock salt may have in their custody or possession, on the said tenth day fl/'October one thousand Jieven hundred and ninety-eighty certain quantities of rock salty

and salt made from rock salty for or in respect of which all his Majestys duties may have been paid; be it therefore enacted, That it Q j^e rg shall and may be lawful to and for the officer or officers of excise, officers may*on or before the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred take an ac-and ninety-eight, by and with the privity, consent, and assistance count of the of any such refiner of rock salt, to weigh and take an account of ^iant*ty of the quantity of salt and rock salt in the custody and possession of fnthe^ any such refiner or refiners, and if on taking such account of the custody of quantity of salt and rock salt in the custody and possession of any refiners for such refiner or refiners, it shall be made appear, to the satisfac- ^ut^a^been tion of the commissioners of excise, or the major part of them and the* respectively, from the books and accounts of the of commission-and officers for managing and collecting his Majesty's duties on ers of excise salt, that all the duties for or in respect of rock salt shall have ay* been duly paid, for all or any part of the rock salt, or salt made j0gUp^rCC ° from rock salt, which shall be io taken account of by the proper bushel out of officer or officers of excise, in the custody or possession of any such the duty unrefiner or refiners as aforesaid, then and in such case it shall and der this a* may be lawful to and for the commissioners of excise, or the major part of them respectively, to allow to such refiner or refiners, out of the monies which shall first become due and payable by such refiner or refiners, for the duty charged by virtue of this act, at and after the rate of ten shillings for every bushel of rock salt, and salt made from rock salt, for or in respect of which it shall be made appear as aforesaid, that all the duty payable thereon has been duly paid, always reckoning one pound of refined salt for every pound of rock salt melted: provided always,

That no such allowance shall be made, until the refiner or refiners*uch acclaiming the same shall have made oath before the collector or m^buton supervisor of excise, of the collection or district in which his, her, oath that the or their refinery shall be situate, (which oath such collector or duty has beei* supervisor respectively are hereby authorised and empowered to P^d. administer), that the duty of rock salt, for the actual quantity of rock salt, or salt made from rock salt, for or in respect of which he, she, or they shall claim any such allowance as aforesaid, has been duly paid, and that no part of such duty has been before allowed or drawn back.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any maker or makers Penalty for of salt, or refiner or refiners of rock salt, or proprietor or proprietors of any salt work, or any other person or persons what- no account soever, shall remove, carry, or put any salt, of which an account has been has not been taken by the proper officer of excise, (rock salt in taken, or re-the rock salt warehouses adjoining to the mine or pit only excepted), into any such.entered warehouse, storehouse, or loft as whole b0ilingr aforesaid, or shall remove or convey out of his, her, or their pan shall be work-

house, ed off, or be-

890

fore delivery of declaration, or an account shall be taken by the officer, &c.

Warehouses may be used St Liverpool or Bristol for storing salt for expoi ta-tion, under certain provisions.

Warehouses to be locked lip by the officer.

Salt may be delivered duty free from warehouses to be carried to ex port ware-houses.

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. [1797.

house, boiling house, or boiling place, to any room or place, any fair, before the boiling or operation of which such salt shall be a part, shall be worked off, or before the declaration herein-before required shall have been delivered to the proper officer of excise, or before such officer shall have duly taken an account of, and ascertained the number of bushels, barrows, or troughs of salt, of such boiling or operation, or before the same shall have been removed into such his, her, or their entered warehouse or warehouses, storehouse or storehouses, or loft or lofts, as aforesaid, then and in every such case all the salt so removed, carried, or conveyed away, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall be forfeited, together with the package containing the same, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise, and such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or pro-: prietor or proprietors, or other person or ersons so offending, shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty shillings for every pound weight of such salt so removed, carried, or conveyed away, or the sum of one hundred pounds, at the election of his Majesty's attorney general, or the person or persons who shall sue for the same.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any maker or refiner of, or dealer in fair, to provide or erect, and make use of one or more such export warehouse or warehouses as herein after mentioned, at or within the ports of Liverpool or Bristol respectively, for the purpose of laying, storing, or keeping therein salt intended for exportation: provided, That every such warehouse shall be well, substantially, and securely built and constructed, and that no such warehouse shall have more than one door or entrance to the same, and that there be no communication between any such warehouse and any other place whatsoever, except such door or entrance as aforesaid: provided also, That no such warehouse be less than twenty yards distant from any warehouse which shall be used for laying, storing, or keeping salt for home trade or consumption, and that no such warehouse be made use of for the laying, storing, or keeping of salt, until particular entry, in writing, of such warehouse, shall have been made at the next office of excise by the owner or proprietor thereof.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every such warehouse shall be securely locked up by the proper officer of excise, except at such time or times only as such officer' shall be attending in pursuance of notice to be given, according to the directions of this a cl, for depofiling salt therein, or delivering salt out of the same for exportation.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any maker or makers of salt, or refiner or refiners of rock salt, to deliver, duty free, from his, her, or their warehouse or warehouses, storehouse or storehouses, loft or lofts,

any quantity of salt (rock frit excepted) to be forthwith carried and conveyed to, and depofired in any such export warehouse or warehouses as aforesaid, at the ports of Liverpool or Briftolfor

the

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. 891

the purpose of being exported therefrom to parts beyond the seas.

XXXIV. And be it farther enacted, That if any salt or rock Salt or rock salt shall be taken, removed, or carried out of any warehouse, salt removed storehouse, loft, or other place used by any maker or makers of ^ouse^xce^ salt, or refiner or refiners of rock salt, or proprietor or proprietors in the'pre- P of any salt mine, salt pit, or salt work, except in the presence of fence of an the proper officer of excise, and under and according to the officer, &c to directions of this act, between the hours of seven in the evening

and five in the morning, from the twenty-fourth day of March riageSj to the twenty-ninth day of September, or between the hours of and the per-five in the evening and seven in the morning, from the twenty- fons concern-eighth day of September to the twenty-fifth day of March, such salt ^orfeit and rock lait, together with the package containing the same* and also the waggons, carts, or other carriages, and horses and cattle used or employed in carrying and removing the same, shall be forfeited, and the same respectively shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise, and the person or persons concerned or employed in such removal, or in whose custody or possession such salt shall be found, shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enadhd, That if any salt or rock Salt or rock salt shall be found removed or removing from any salt mine, salt fej* removed pit, or salt work, without a true and lawful permit accompanying ^it or under* the same, or if any salt or rock salt, sent or consigned to London, a fajfe de-Liverpool, Worcester, Gloucester or Bristol, shall be found removed scription, to or removing to any or either of the said ports or places, without be forfeited,

a true and lawful permit accompanying the same, or if any salt or theimps, rock salt shall be found removed or removing coastwise without a true and lawful permit accompanying the same, or if any salt or rock salt shall be found removed or removing under a false description, then all such salt and rock salt so found removed or removing, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall be forfeited, together with the package containing the same, and also all the ships, flats, barges, boats, or other vessels, waggons, carts, or other carriages, and the horses and cattle used or employed in removing the same, and the same respectively shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise, and the person or persons in whole custody the same shall be found, or Penalty on who shall be, or shall have been employed or concerned in re- persons con. moving the same, shall forfeit the sum of forty Shillings for every removal U° pound weight of salt and rock salt so found removed or removing, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, or the sum of one hundred pounds, at the election of his Majesty's attorney general, or the person or persons who shall sue for the same.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any officer Officers of the of the customs or excise, shall find or discover any person or ^xcifemav persons in the act of carrying or removing any salt or rock salt carry persons from any salt mine, salt pit, or salt work, without being accom- removing salt panied by a legal and authentick permit, granted according to without a per-the directions of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for

such officer to apprehend such person or persons, and to take may convict

Vol. XLI, N N N him, them in the

if not paid, may commit them to the house of correction.

892. Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. [1797.

penalty, and him, her, or them before any one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, or liberty respectively, wherein such person or persons shall be discovered as aforesaid, and it shall and may be lawful to and for any justice or justices of the peace respectively, on the party's confession of such offence, or on proof thereof by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to convict in the penalty of fifty pounds, every person so found or discovered as aforesaid; and every such person so convicted shall, immediately on such conviction, pay down into the hands of such officer the said penalty in which be or (lie shall be so convicted, or such sum to which the said penalty shall be mitigated by the judgement of the said justice or justices of the peace, to be applied in manner herein after directed; and if any such person so convicted shall not forthwith so'pay down the said penalty, or the sum of money to which the same shall be mitigated as aforesaid, the said justice or justices shall, by warrant under his or their hand and seal or hands and leals, commit him or her to the house of correction for the said county, riding, division, city, or liberty respectively, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding twelve months, to be reckoned from the day of such conviction, and the person so committed shall not be discharged until he or fheshall have paid the said penalty, or the sum of money to which the same shall have been so mitigated as aforesaid, or until the expiration of the time for which such commitment was so made.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no warehouse, of by^heTur ft°refi°u^e? or l°ft, shall be deemed or taken to be a secure ware-veyor or fu- house, storehouse, or loft, within the meaning of this a Cl, unless pervisor of the the same shall be approved of, in writing, by and under the hands

1 /3*vi XV /* 1 /* r f*/* <* i* _!*/*

Warehouses

district;

and to be altered or repaired on his requisition.

sol. penalty for neglect, or for entering warehouses, except in presence of the officer.

of the respective surveyor or supervisor of excise of the division or district in which any such warehouse, storehouse, or loft shall be situate; any thing in this act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every maker or makers of salt, refiner or refiners of rock salt, proprietor or proprietors of any salt mine, salt pit, or (alt work, and dealer or dealers in salt, shall, at his, her, and their own expence, from time to time, and at all times when required so to do by the surveyor or supervisor of excise of the division or district in which any such warehouse, storehouse, or loft shall be situate, immediately set about the altering, repairing, or amending, and shall also, within a reasonable time then next following, alter, repair, and amend such warehouse, storehouse, or loft, and the walls, partitions, roof, and other parts thereof respectively, to the satisfaction of such surveyor or supervisor, and to be approved of as aforesaid; and if any such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, proprietor or proprietors, or dealer or dealers, shall neglect or refuse immediately to set about the altering, repairing, and amending the same, or to repair, amend, or alter the same respectively, when thereunto required according to the directions of this or if any person or persons shall by any means act,

device,

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. 893

device, or contrivance whatsoever, open or enter, or gain access to any such warehouse, storehouse, or loft, except in the presence of the proper officer of excise, whose business it shall be to attend to unlock the same, every such maker or makers, or refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors, or other person or persons so offending, shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where Supervisor or

by this act it is directed that any warehouse, storehouse, loft, or surveyor of

other place belonging to any maker or makers of salt, refiner or refiners of rock (alt, proprietor or proprietors of any salt mine, locks

salt pit, or salt work, or dealer or dealers in salt, shall be locked &c. on ware-

up and secured, it shall and may be lawful to and for the supervisor houses at the

or surveyor of excise of the district or division within the compass exP5nce of l^e j*mrties

or limits of which such warehouse, storehouse, loft or other place

shall be situate, to provide and affix proper locks, keys, and fasteningfof the best fort, at the expence of the maker or makers, refiner or refiners, proprietor or proprietors of such warehouse, storehouse, loft, or other place; and if any such maker or makers, penalty refiner or refiners, proprietor or proprietors, or dealer or dealers, for fudi shall neglect or refuse to pay for the locks, keys, and fastenings locks^oHn-so provided as aforesaid, or if any person or persons shall wilfully juring them, destroy, damage, or injure any such lock, key, or fastening, or &c. shall by any a iff, device, or contrivance, open, take off, or remove any such lock, key, or fastening, or shall open, break, or remove any door, (hutter, partition, floor or roof, or any part thereof, belonging to any such warehouse, storehouse, loft, or other place as aforesaid, every person so offending shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted, That where any lock, key, or j^ocks> ^c, to fattening shall be provided in pursuance of this act, all and every repaired by1 maker and makers of salt, refiner and refiners of rock salt, and the owners on proprietor and proprietors of any salt mine, salt pit, or salt work, requisition of or dealer or dealers in salt, to whom such locks, keys, and fatten- the purveyors ings respectively shall then belong, shall, at his, her, of their own fors^on p*e-expence, from time to time and at all times when required so to nalty of a oh do by the respective surveyors orsupervisors of excise of the division or district in which his, her, or their salt work, salt mine, salt pit, or salt refinery, or export warehouse, shall be situate, immediately set about dr cause to be set about the altering, repairing, and amending, and shall also, within a reasonable time then next following, alter, repair, and amend the same respectively, according to such requisition j and if any such maker or makers of salt, refiner or refiners of rock salt, or proprietor or proprietors of any salt mine, salt pit, or salt work, or dealer or dealers in salt, to whom any such locks, keys, and fastenings, or any or either of them, shall belong, shall neglect or refuse immediately to set about the altering, repairing, or amending the same, or to alter, repair, or amend the same, when thereunto required, according to the directions of this act, he, she, or they shall, for each and:

n n N 2 every

894 Anno regni tricesimo octavo GEORGII III. c. 89. [1797.

every such neglect or refusal, forfeit and lose the sum of twenty pounds.

ceTo be given

XLX. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as of intention any maker or makers of fair, or refiner or refiners of rock salt, to take salt or proprietor or proprietors of any salt mine, salt pit, or

or rock salt salt work, shall have occasion to deliver any salt or rock salt

hou's 'Imi* from or out °*" any entered warehouse, storehouse, loft, or other for what uses: P^ace' to hinb her> or ^iem belonging, he, she, or they shall give notice to the proper officer of excise under whose survey such warehouse, storehouse, loft, or other place shall be, by the space of two hours of his, her, or their intention so to do, specifying in such notice whether the salt to be delivered be rock salt or other salt, and whether for home trade, or for immediate exportation, or for removal to any and what particular export warehouse, or for the use of the fisheries, or rock salt to be used at any and what particular entered refinery of rock salt, or for officer to at- the making of mineral alkali or flux for glass; and thereupon ai^accoun^ °^cer e^c^e> who shall be ordered by the proper super-

which shal^be visor of excise so to do, and who shall not have other necessary a charge upon and unavoidable employment at the time, shall attend, and open the maker, every such warehouse, storehouse, loft, or other place, and weigh ^discharged1 anc* ta^e account of the salt or rock salt so to be delivered from payment from or out of such warehouse, storehouse, loft, or other place, of duty for and shall make a just and true report and return thereof to the rock salt re- commissioners of excise, or to such person or persons as they tered^refine0* appoint or employ to receive the same; and such return or ries, and for report shall be a charge upon such maker or makers, refiner or salt delivered refiners, or proprietor or proprietors: provided always neverthe-out for certain Jess? That every such proprietor or proprietors of any salt mine, purposes. salt pjt^ or fajt work3 shall he discharged and relieved, and he, she, or they is and are hereby discharged and relieved, from the payment of any duty for so much of the rock salt so returned and charged as aforesaid, as shall be duly delivered to be removed and carried to any such entered refinery of rock salt, for the purpose of being refined, or as shall be duly delivered for making mineral alkali or flux for glass, such rock salt being delivered and removed under, subject, and according to the rules, regulations, and restrictions in that behalf made and provided by this act; any thing in this act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: provided also, That every such maker or makers of salt, refiner or refiners of rock salt, or proprietor or proprietors of any salt work, shall be discharged and relieved, and he, she, or they is and are hereby discharged and relieved from the payment of any duty for so much of the salt so returned and charged as aforesaid, (rock salt excepted), as shall be duly and fairly delivered from and out of any such warehouse, storehouse, or loft, for the purpose of being immediately exported to parts beyond the seas, or for removal to any such export warehouse as aforesaid, or for curing and preserving fifth, under, subject, and according to the sules, regulations, and restrictions herein after provided in respect

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. 895

of salt delivered for exportation, or to be removed to any export warehouse, or for the purpose of curing and preserving fish respectively; anything in this act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: provided also, That for so much rock For unrefined salt as shall be duly and fairly delivered for exportation to parts j^ed for ex* beyond the seas, in its native unrefined state, and under, subject, portation, a and according to the rules, regulations, and restritftions by this duty of id. acct in that behalf provided, no greater or higher duty shall be per bushel to paid or payable by the proprietor or proprietors thereof, than be Pald* one penny for every bushel of such rock salt so to be exported; any thing in this atft contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as Excise officer, any maker or makers of salt, refiner or refiners of rock salt, or of request, to proprietor or proprietors of any salt mine, salt pit, or salt work, ^ati^fbrre shall have occasion to remove or fend away any salt or rock salt moving salt from any entered warehouse, storehouse, or loft, to him, her, or or rock salt them belonging, the officer of excise of the division or place from ware-where such entered warehouse, storehouse, or loft shall be situate, houses. shall, without fee or reward, from time to time, upon a request note made and delivered according to the directions of this act, grant and give a permit, signed by the said officer, expressing the quantity or weight of all such salt or rock salt to be removed or sent away, and distinguishing whether such salt be rock salt or other lait, and expressing the names of the respective persons from whom and to whom the same is intended to be removed, and specifying whether the same is to be removed by land or by

water, and by what mode of conveyance, and likewise whether - the salt, if rock salt, is to be removed for the purpose of being

refined in England, or for making mineral alkali, or for exportation in its native unrefined state, and if it be not rock salt, whether it be salt for home consumption, or for immediate exportation, or for removal to any, and what particular export warehouse, or salt to be used or employed in curing and preserving sith; and every officer of excise, giving or granting such permit, shall specify therein the time for which the same shall be in force.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That no permit for the removal of any salt or rock salt shall be granted or be valid, unless a requestUnote the maker or makers of salt, or the refiner or refiners of rock be delivered to salt, or the proprietor or proprietors of the salt mine, salt pit, or the officer, salt work, from whence such rock salt shall have been raised or containing _ taken, or his, her, or their known servant, shall make, and fend Partl-

or deliver to the proper officer of excise by this a eft authorised to grant such permit, a request note, in writing, specifying his, her, or their name or names, and also the name or names of the person or persons to whom, and the place to which such salt or rock salt is intended to be removed or sent, the weight or quantity of the same, and whether the same is to be removed in bulk, or in baskets, bags, or other packages, and the number, kind, and fart, of such packages, and also whether the salt or rock salt

N N N 3 is

A daily account to be

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. [1797.

is to be removed by land or water, and by what mode of conveyance, and if it be rock salt which is intended to be removed, whether it be for the purpose of being refined by the person to whom the same is to be sent, or for making mineral alkali, or fot exportation in its native unrefined state, or if it be other fair, whether it be for home consumption or for exportation, or to be ul'ed or employed in curing and preserving fish respectively.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every maker or makers of salt, refiner or refiners of rock salt, or proprietor or

kept of salt or proprietors of any salt pit, salt mine, or salt work, shall respectrock salt fold ——

or delivered and for what purposes, which shall every six weeks be returned to the next excise office, and there verified on oath, on penalty of joqL

tively, daily and every day, enter in a book or paper to be provided for that purpose, an exa# and particular account of each and every pareel, quantity, or load of salt or rock salt fold, delivered, or sent out by such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors respectively, and shall distinguish the kind or species of salt, and whether the same is fold, delivered, or sent out for home trade or consumption, or for immediate exportation, or for removal to one of such export warehouses, specifying the same, and the owner thereof, or to be used or employed in curing and preserving fish, or rock salt for refining, or for making mineral alkali; and such book or paper shall be returned to the next office of excise every six weeks, and the truth of the entries made therein, shall be then and there verified upon the oath of such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors, or his, her, or their chief workmen or agent, before the proper collector or supervisor of excise, and the several and respective collectors and supervisors of excise, are hereby authorised and required to administer such oath accordingly; and in case any such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors, shall neglect or refuse to keep such book or paper, or to make due entries therein, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, or shall regie# or refuse to return the same as herein-before directed, or to verify the said entries, or any of them, upon oath, such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors, shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all and every such maker or makers of salt, refiner or refiners of rock salt, or proprietor or proprietors of any salt mine, salt pit, or salt work, ties to be paid shall, within one week after he, file, or they shall have or ought on penalty of to have made such entry upon oath as lass aforesaid, pay and clear off all the duties for and in respect of salt or rock salt, which shall be due from him, her, or them respectively; and that every such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors, who shall neglect or refuse to make such payment as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such offence, double the sum of the said duty whereof the payment shall be so neglected or refused.

XLVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That all and every maker or makers of salt, refiner or refiners of rock chargecTin the or proprietor or proprietors of any salt mine, salt pit, or week, to be salt

Within a week after such entry on oath, the du

double the amount:

the duties ior salt or ro.k salt

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. 897

salt work, shall weekly, and at the end of every week, pay and cleared at the

clear off all the duties for or in respect: of salt and rock salt which f^isle^bond

shall have been charged to such maker or makers, refiner or re- has besengiven

finers, proprietor or proprietors, in the then current week, unless in double the

such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or pro- probable du-

prietors, shall have given bond or securicy, to be approved of by a

the commissioners of excise, or the person or persons who shall therr^at the

be appointed or employed by them for that purpose, in double end of every

the value of the duties which such commissioners of excise, or six weeks),

such person or persons as aforesaid, shall judge likely to arise, be ^oiiWe^the

charged on, or become due from such maker or makers, refiner amount,

or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors, within any six weeks,

for the due payment, at the end of every six weeks, of all such

sum and sums of money as shall arise, be charged on, and become

due from such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors, for or in respect of salt or rock salt; and that if

any maker or makers of salt, refiner or refiners of rock salt, or

proprietor or proprietors of any salt mine, salt pit, or salt work,

who shall not have given such bond or security as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay and clear off weekly, and at the end of

every week, all the duties for and in respect of salt or rock salt

which shall be due from or unpaid by him, her, or them, such

maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors,

shall forfeit for every such offence double the sum of the said

duty whereof the payment shall be so neglected or refused.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all salt and rock salt, Salt, materi-and all materials, preparations, implements, macliines, utensils, ^s^c* and vessels, in the custody of any maker or makers of salt, refiner takers of or refiners of rock salt, or proprietor or proprietors of any salt salt, &c. to mine, salt pit, or salt work, or in the custody of any person or be answerable persons to the use of or in trust for such maker or makers, or ^or duties and refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors as aforesaid, shall Pena ies* be subject and liable to, and the same are hereby made chargeable with all and singular the duties of excise in arrear, or owing from time to time by such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors, for or in respect of any salt made or refined, or rock salt raised or taken out of any salt mine, or salt pit, by him, her, or them respectively, and shall also be subject to 3ll fines, penalties, and forfeitures incurred by such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors, for any offence against this act, and that it shall and may be lawful in all such cases to levy such duties, fines, and penalties, and to use such proceedings as may lawfully be done, in relation to such salt and rock salt, materials, preparations, implements, machines, utensils, and vessels, as if the debtor or offender was the true and lawful owner thereof.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any rock salt moGng^V^or shall be found removing to, or shall be delivered at or on the delivered on premises belonging to any salt refinery or salt work whatsoever, premiles be-without a legal permit, granted and obtained under and according loncting to a to the directions of this act, then and in such case all such rock salt ^Vafuvork

N N N 4 so without a per-

feited, with ships, &c. and the persons concerned to forfeit I col.

If any refiner shall remove from his premiers, or dispose of rock salt in its na-ti ft ate, except for melt-

nut, to be for- so found removing, or which shall be delivered as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, together with the packages containing the same, and ships, flats, barges, boats, and other vessels, waggons, carts, or other carriages, and also the horses and cattle used and employed in removing the same, and the same respectively shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise, and the person and persons employed of concerned in removing, delivering, or knowingly receiving the same without such permit as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any refiner or refiners of rock salt shall remove, fend, or carry away from his, her, or their entered premises, or dispose of any rock salt in its native unrefined state, except for the purpose of melting at and for the use of his, her, or their own works, or shall knowingly suffer any rock salt to be removed, carried, or sent away, or.-.otherwise disposed of, contrary to the true intent and meaning of

works, !|t°Wn this act, such refiner or refiners shall, for every such offence, shall be for- forfeit the said rock salt so removed, carried, sent away, or diffeited. posed of, together with the packages containing the same, and the same respectively shall and may be seized by any officer or Penalty for so officers of the customs or, excise; and such refiner or refiners, or the person or persons who shall so remove, carry, fend away, or dispose of any such rock salt as aforesaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall, over and besides the forfeiture of the said rock salt, forfeit and lose the sum of forty shillings for every pound weight thereof, or the sum of one hundred pounds, at the election of his Majesty's attorney general, or the person or persons who shall sue for the same.

L. And be it further enacted, That all and every maker or makers of salt, or refiner or refiners of rock salt, or proprietor or proprietors of any salt mine, fair pit, or salt work, or of any export or import warehouse as aforesaid, shall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby required to provide and keep proper, sufficient, and just scales and weights at each and every salt mine, salt pir, salt refinery, salt work, and export and import warehouse respecti vely, to him, her, or them belonging, for the purpose of weighing and taking an account of the salt and rock salt respectively, which shall at any time be in the custody or possession of any such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors, and shall permit and suffer any officer or officers of excise to use the same; and if any such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, proprietor or proprietors, shall neglect or refuse to provide and keep such scales and weights, or either of them, or shall not permit or suffer any officer or officers of excise to use the same, or if any such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or them, or using proprietor or proprietors, shall in the weighing of any such salt ^Cc ones> or rock salt, make use of, or cause or procure, or suffer to be made use of any false, unjust, or insufficient scales or weights, or shall use or practise any art, device, or contrivance, by which any such officer or officers shall be or may be hindered or prevented

Scales and weights to be kept at salt mines, &c. for the use of the excise officers.

Penalty of 100l. for not providing them, or not fullering the officers to use

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. 899

vented from taking the just and true weight, and ascertaining the true quantity of any such salt or rock salt, such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, together with all such false, unjust, or insufficient scales and weights respectively, and the same shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all and every maker or Makers of makers of salt, or refiner or refiners of rock salt, or proprietor or ^9 to proprietors of any salt mine, salt pit, salt work, or export or im- their servant« port warehouse, shall, when and often as he, file, or they shall be the excise of-thereunto required by the proper officer of excise, with a suffi- ticers in cient number of his, her, or their servants, aid and assist, to the weighing utmost of his, her, or their power, such officer or officers in nalty^f^iool weighing of his, her, or their salt, or rock salt, on pain of forfeiting, for every neglect or refusal so to do, the sum of one hundred pounds.

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons If any person shall take, remove, or carry away, or hide or conceal any salt, or ^concTsd any rock salt, with intent to evade the duty by this act imposed, every fa]t to evade person so offending shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and all the duty, he the salt, or rock salt, so taken, removed, carried away, hid, or f^all forfeit: concealed, and also the package containing the same, shall be faUftallbe2 forfeited, and the same respectively shall and may be seized by any forfeited, officer of the customs or excise.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any To ascertain officer or officers of excise is or are authorised, empowered, or of^for^ required to ascertain the quantity of salt, or rock salt, by weight, roc]^ fajt by no less quantity of such salt, or rock salt, shall be weighed at one the officer, draught than two bushels, save and except in any case where the not Ids than whole quantity of salt, or rock salt, to be delivered at any one fb^beweidi-time, shall be less than two bushels; and every such officer or e(^ excepte officers, on weighing any salt, or rock salt, shall give the turn of where the the scale in favour of the crown, and in lieu thereof shall make an whole to be allowance at and after the rate of half a pound weight in every two bushels of such salt, or rock salt.*

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- mIdeCfor° ful for any officer or officers of the customs or excise to seize any turn of the quantity of salt, or rock salt, together with the package con- scale-taining the same, that shall be found in any ship, flat, barge, boat, Officers of the or other vessel, or in any waggon, cart, or other carriage whatso- customs or ever, or loaded on any horle, or which shall be lodged or con- ^r

cealed in any house, outhouse, or other place whatsoever, and rock salt also such ship, flat, barge, boat, or other vessel, waggon, cart, or found in any other carriage, horse and horses, and other cattle made use of in drawing such waggon, cart, or carriage, or in carrying such salt ^oncealedTii or rock salt, when such officer or officers shall have good reason any place, to suspectand believe that such salt, or rock salt, Avail have been with the ship, privately and clandestinely procured or made in some private ^c- when they jfalt work, or other private place, or clandestinely imported with- to\hffik ft has out payment of duty, or that the same shall have been fraudu- been privately

lently made, clan-

900 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. [1797.

deftindy im» len.tly unshipped or re-landed after the same had been shipped for and if the C* exportation, or for the purpose of curing and preserving fish, or party does not t^at ^ame shall have been fraudulently or clandestinely taken make it ap- or delivered out of any warehouse, storehouse, or other place pear that the where the same may or shall have b£en lodged and deposited, dU'tJ ^-3S tfen un^er ^ie direction of this act; and if the party in whose custody shall be^or- or P°^elhon such salt, or rock salt, shall be found, or who shall feittd. lay claim thereto, shall not, at the hearing or trial of the infor-

mation for condemning the same, make it appear to the satisfaction of the court or jury that the duty has been duly and fairly paid for the said salt, or rock salt, or that the same was not landed, unshipped, or re-landed, or taken or delivered out of any such warehouse, storehouse, or other place as aforesaid, with any fraudulent design or intention, then and in every such case such felt, or rock salt, together with the package containing the same, and the ships, flats, barges, boats, and other vessels, and also the waggons, carts, and other carriages and horses, in or upon which the same shall be found, and the cattle made use of in the drawing of such W2ggon, cart, or other carriage, or which shall be used or employed in removing such salt, or rock salt as aforesaid. Penalty on shall be forfeited, and the person or persons in whose custody or who^ecustody P°^efhon such salt, or rock salt, shall be found, or who shall be such salt or'concerned or employed in unshipping, landing, re-landing, rerock salt shall moving, or carrying the same, shall forfeit the sum of forty be found, Scc. shillings for every pound weight of such salt, or rock salt, so found as aforesaid.

Salt or rock salt hid to evade the duties to be forfeited, and officers of the cuff cm s or excise fu Impeding it to be so hid, on making oath thereof, may be authorised by the commi Iff oners of excise, or a justice, to search for it, &c.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any salt, or rock salt, shall be fraudulently lodged, hid, or concealed in any place or places whatsoever, with an intent to defraud his Majesty of the duties by this or any other act imposed for or in respect* thereof, all such salt and rock salt respectively shall be forfeited, together with the package containing the same, and shall and may be seized by any officer of the customs or excise; and the better to enable such officer or officers to discover any such fa]t, or rock salt, so forfeited, if any such officer or officers shall have cause to suspec't that any such salt, or reck salt, shall be so deposited, lodged, hid, or concealed in any place or places whatsoever, then and in every such case, if such place or places be within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, upon oath made by such officer or officers before any two of the commissioners of excise for the time being, or in case such place or places shall be in any other part of Great Britain, upon oath made by such officer or officers before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, or place where such officer or officers shall fufpctSf such salt, or rock salt, to be lodged, hid, or concealed, felting forth the grounds of his or their-fulpicions, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, or justice or justices of the peace respectively, before whom such oath shall be made, if they or he shall judge it reasonable, by specia) warrant or warrants under his and their respective hand* and leals, to authorise and empower such officer or officers,: by

day

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89..901

day or by night, but if in the night then in the presence of a constable or other lawful officer of the peace, to enter into all and every such place or places. where he or they shall suspect such

salt, or rock salt, to be so lodged, hid, or concealed, and to seize

and carry away all such salt, or rock salt, as he or they shall then

and there find so lodged, hid, or concealed, together with all the

casks, bags, or other packages whatsoever wherein the same shall be contained; and the person or persons in whose possession Penalty on such salt, or rock salt, shall he so found, shall forfeit and lose the

sum of forty shillings for every pound weight of such salt, or non°such°felt

rock salt, so lodged, hid, or concealed, or the sum of one hun- or rock salt

dred pounds, at election of his Majesty's attorney general, or the ill all be found.

person or persons who shall sue for the same.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any salt, or rock salt, Proof of the shall be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise, and any dispute shall arise, whether the duties due and payable^ oVfidt thereon shall have been paid for the same, then and in every such or rock salt case the proof of the payment of the duties, or that the said salt seized, to lie was fairly and lawfully removed from some known and entered on the owner, salt work, according to the directions of this act, shall lie on the owner or owners, claimer or claimers, of such salt, or rock salt, and not on the officer who shall seize, flop, or detain the fam£.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That no salt shall be delivered free of duty for exportation, save and except from or out fre<Tfor ex-U^of the warehouse, ffiorehouse, or loft, or warehouses, storehouses, portation ex-x>r lofts, belonging and adjoining to the salt work or salt refinery eept from where such salt so to be exported shall have been made or refined, or from or out of some export warehouse, to be provided, en- Works or* tered, and approved, at and within the ports of Bristol or Liver- refineries, or pool, under and according to the directions of this act. export ware-

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no rock salt shall be exported to parts beyond the seas, upon payment of only the low vfcrp00i# duty to which rock salt for exportation is subject and liable by this act, save and except such rock salt only as shall be delivered for to be exported that purpose from or out of the warehouse or storehouse belonging on the low and adjoining to the salt mine or salt pit from whence the rock duty, except salt so to be exported shall have been taken; and all such rock delivered from

tlilC WrlVC

salt, which shall be delivered for exportation upon such low dutyj10Ufe adjoin-as aforesaid, shall be carried or conveyed immediately from such ing the mine warehouse or storehouse so belonging and adjoining to such salt from whence mine or salt pit as aforesaid, to the port from whence the same is such^lTffiall intended to be exported, and shall be there put on board the (Tip conveye(l or vessel in which the same is intended to be exported to parts immediately beyond the seas, and shall not be landed, or put or deposited in to the port of any warehouse, storehouse, or other place in Great Britain, except ^P01'tauon, in case of unavoidable necessity, after the same shall have been so c delivered for exportation as aforesaid, on pain of forfeiting all the rock salt so landed or put into any warehouse, storehouse, or other place, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act.

UK. And

902 No rock salt shall he delivered duty tree, except from the

Anno regni tricesimo octavo GEORGII III. c. 89. [1797.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That no rock salt shall be delivered free of duty, save and except such rock salt only as shall be removed from and out of the warehouse or storehouse belonging and adjoining to the salt mine or salt pit from whence

warehouse ad- the same was raised or taken, for the purpose of being carried or conveyed, under, subje£f, and according to the rules and regulations herein after in that behalf provided, to some known and entered refinery of rock salt, and such rock salt, so delivered free of duty for the purpose aforesaid, shall be carried and conveyed directly from the warehouse or storehouse, from* whence the same shall be removed as aforesaid, to the salt refinery at which the same is intended to be melted and refined,

LX. Provided always nevertheless. That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend to of warehouses prevent any such maker or makers of mineral alkali, or flux for chityf^for glass, as is herein after mentioned, from taking any rock salt alkaliTor^rC)m or out °^ any such warehouse, free of duty, for the purpose flux for glass, on bond.

Makers of salt, &c. to give previous notice to the officer of

joining the mine whence taken, to be carried to an entered refinery, where U shall be conveyed directly.

Rock salt may be taken out

liver salt for exportation, curing fish, or to be lent to an entered export warc-house, speri-lying certain pai ticu! irs.

of making mineral alkali, or flux for glass, on giving such bond or security as is herein after in that behalf prescribed.

LXf. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any maker or makers of salt, or refiner or refiners of rock salt, or proprietor or proprietors of any salt work, shall have occasion to deliver any salt from his, her, or their entered warehouse or tendon to dc- warehouses, or storehouse or storehouses, or loft or lofts, either for immediate exportation, or to be used and employed in curing and preserving fish, or to be sent and conveyed to some entered export warehouse, provided under and according to the directions of this abt, for keeping salt for exportation, at the port of Liverpool or Bristol, he, she, or they shall give previous notice in writing to the proper officer of excise, under whose survey such warehouse or warehouses, storehouse or storehouses, or loft or lofts, shall be, by the space of two hours, of his or their intention so to deliver salt as aforesaid, and shall specify in such notice the day and hour of the day when he, she, or they intends or intend to weigh and deliver such salt, the quantity he, she, or they intends or intend to deliver; and if it be salt intended for immediate exportation, he, she, or they shall specify at what port or place such salt is intended to be shipped, and by what conveyance the same is to be carried to such port or place; and if such salt is intended to be removed to any such export warehouse, to what particular export warehouse the same is intended to be removed, and what is the name of the owner or proprietor of such export warehouse, and by what conveyance the same is intended to be removed to such export warehouse; or if the salt so to be delivered as aforesaid Avail be intended for the purpose, rf curing or preserving h(h, then such maker or makers, refiner4.or refiners, proprietor or proprietors as aforesaid, shall specify in such notice the name of the fish curer or fish curers to whom, and the place to which the salt is to be conveyed or sent, and by what conveyance the same is to be removed.

LXII. PrO-

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. 0, 89. 903

LXII. Provided always nevertheless, That if the flat, boat. If the flat, &c. or vessel, in or by which the salt specified in any such notice is intended to be removed or conveyed, shall be found incapable, notic^is either from the want of water or other unavoidable circumstance, intended to be to receive, take, or convey the whole quantity of salt so specified, removed, be in any such notice, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such maker, refiner, or proprietor as aforesaid, to wj10je qUan. discontinue any such weighing or delivery, upon giving to the tity, the proper officer of excise a declaration in writing, specifying the weighing or real cause of the discontinuance, and the true quantity of salt which shall have actually been weighed and delivered in purfu- mied, on glance of any such notice as aforesaid. ingadeclara-

LXLII. And be it further enacted, That before any such salt tion to the shall be delivered free of duty for immediate exportation, or be- °^er fore any rock salt shall be delivered for exportation upon the low c"u e' duty to which rock salt is subject and liable upon exportation, the maker or makers, refiner or refiners thereof, or proprietor or oered duty-proprietors of the salt mine, salt pit, or salt work, from whence free, or rock the same shall be so delivered, shall give sufficient bond or fecu- salt on the low riry, to be approved of by the commissioners of excise, or the person or persons who shall be appointed or employed by them bonj to be for that purpose, in treble the amount of the duty by this act given that it imposed for or in respect of salt, or rock salt, for home trade or duly

consumption, for all the salt and rock salt so to be delivered for dander immediate exportation, that all such salt and rock salt so to be tinely disposed delivered for exportation, and every part thereof, shall, the dan- of in Great ger of enemies only excepted, be duly shipped and put on board Britain, the ship or vessel in which the same is intended to be exported beyond the seas, and that no part of such salt, or rock salt, shall, before the shipping thereof in such ship or vessel, be sold or delivered for home trade or consumption, or otherwise fraudulently disposed of in Great Britain.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That such bond or fecu- How such rity as aforesaid shall be cancelled and discharged upon the maker shall be or makers, refiner or refiners of the salt, or proprietor or pro- 1 c* prietors of the salt work from whence the salt, or rock salt, was so delivered as aforesaid, producing to and leaving with the proper officer of excise a certificate under the hand of such other officer of excise as shall be authorised or employed to give and grant the same, teflifying that all and every part of the salt, and rock salt, mentioned in such bond or security had been duly shipped and put on board the ship or vessel in which the same was intended to be exported, under, subject, and according to the rules and regulations herein after in that behalf prescribed: provided always, That such certificate shall be produced to and left with such proper officer of excise within two months next after the day on which such salt shall have been so delivered out of the warehouse or storehouse, or warehouses or storehouses, belonging to such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors as aforesaid.

LXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if on H on ther-

rival at Liverpool or lirdtol

the

proprietor, upon notice to the excise officer, &c. may deliver it into an export warehouse, and, on certificate from the offi-

shall be can celled

904 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. [1797.

of salt deliver- the arrival at Liverpool or Bristol of any salt, (rock salt excepted), tat ion from1' ^e^verec^ for the purpose of being shipped for exportation from thence it can-hence* ship or vessel in which the same was intended to be not be taken exported shall have failed from thence, or if for want of stowage onboard, the or other cause such salt cannot be received or taken on board such ship or vessel, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the proprietor or proprietors, or owner or owners of such salt, upon due notice in writing given to the proper officer of excise within tw7elve hours after the arrival of such salt, and upon a due observance of conformity to and compliance with the rules, regulations, restrictions, and provisions provided and established for and in respect of the warehousing of salt in any entered export warehouse at the ports of Liverpool and Bris-£erh Lhe to^ to deliver the whole of such salt, if the whole cannot be received or taken on board such ship or vessel as aforesaid, or such part thereof as cannot be received or taken on board such ship or vessel, into any such entered export warehouse, whereupon and in every such case the proper officer of excise, upon being satis-hed that the whole of such salt, or such part thereof as hath not been duly shipped and exported to parts beyond the seas, has been duly delivered and secured in such export warehouse, is hereby authorised and required to grant a certificate, testifying what quantity of such salt has been so shipped for exportation, and what quantity thereof hath been delivered and secured in such export warehouse as aforesaid; and if the whole quantity of l'alt specified in such certificate shall correspond and agree with the quantity specified in the bond given on the first delivery of such salt from the warehouse, storehouse, or loft belonging to the salt work where such salt was made, and if such certificate shall be produced to and left with the proper officer of excise within the time limited in such bond or security for the production of the certificate mentioned in the condition of such bond or security, then and in such case such bond or security so given as aforesaid shall be cancelled and discharged; any thing in this act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as.any owner or proprietor, or owners or proprietors of any such export warehouse as aforesaid, provided and entered for the pur-storing, and keeping salt therein at the port of

Previous notice to be given the offi cer of intention to deliver pole of laying.

salt from ex- Liverpool or Bristol, for exportation as aforesaid, shall have occa

port ware-houses, Sped fying certain particulars.

fion to deliver any salt from or out of such his, her, or their warehouse, he, she, or they shall give previous notice in writing to the proper officer of excise under whose survey such warehouse shall then be, by the space of six hours, of his, her, or their intention so to deliver such salt as aforesaid, and shall specify in such notice the day and hour of the day when he, she, or they intends or intend to weigh and deliver such salt, and the quantity thereof which he, she, or they so intends or intend to deliver for exportation, and the name of the ship or vessel in which the same is intended to be exported, and of the master thereof and to what place such salt is intended to be exported.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. 905

LXVII. And be it farther enacted, That it shall and may beIn yearly lawful to and for the proper officer of excise of the division 1 n tal^anac to which any such export warehouse, provided and entered for the count of salt purpose of laying, fforing, and keeping salt for exportation, at in export the port of Liverpool or Bristol, shall be situate, once in every warehouses, year, that is to say, In the month of June in every year, to weigh and take a particular account of all the salt remaining in feit izs. for any such warehouse as aforesaid; and if upon weighing and every bushel taking such account it shall appear that the whole quantity of deficient, salt duly delivered out of such warehouse, since the day on which °he office/0 the same was first entered at the excise office, or since the last arHj t|le re'_ preceding time of taking such particular account as aforesaid, mainder to his added to the quantity of salt then remaining in such warehouse, Majesty.

shall fall short or be deficient of the quantity of salt actually delivered into or deposited in such warehouse, since the day on which such warehouse was first entered as aforesaid, or since the last preceding time of taking such particular account as aforesaid, added to the quantity of salt which was taken and established as the stock of salt in such warehouse at such last preceding time of taking such particular account as aforesaid, then and in every such case the proprietor or proprietors of any such warehouse shall, for such deficiency, forfeit and lose at and after the rate of twelve shillings for every bushel of salt so deficient, one sixth part of which shall be to the officer or officers who shall discover such deficiency, and the other five parts to and for the use of his Majesty; but if instead of a deficiency there shall appear to Increase of be an increase or surplus of salt upon so taking such particular f»lt* on taking account of, and balancing the stock of salt in any such export ^bedeerne^ warehouse as aforesaid, then and in such case such increase or part Of thede-surplus shall be deemed and taken to be part of the depending pending stock, stock of salt in such export warehouse, and shall be carried forward, accounted for, and established as part of the stock of salt of such export warehouse at the next subsequent time of weighing and taking the particular account, and balancing of the stock of salt in such export warehouse as aforesaid.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That before any such Before Lit is salt shall be delivered free of duty, for the purpose of curing or dutyfree for preserving fish, the maker or makers, or refiner or refiners curmgfifii^ thereof, or proprietor or proprietors of the salt work from whence bond to be the same is to be so delivered, or the merchant or merchants for given that it whose account or on whose order the same shall be delivered, duly

shall give sufficient bond or security, to be approved of by the t^e fish Curer. commissioners of excise, or the^erson or persons who shall be appointed or employed by them for that purpose, in treble the amount of the duty of the salt so intended to be delivered for the purpose of curing or preserving fish (in which bond or security the master or owner of the ship or vessel in which the salt is to be carried or conveyed shall join), that all such salt, and every part thereof, shall, the dangers of enemies only excepted, be duly delive.ed into the custody and possession of the fish curer or fish curers, for or to whom the same is to be consigned or sent,

and

How such bonds shall be discharged.

and that no part of such salt shall, before the same shall be so delivered into the custody or possession of such fish curer or fish curers as aforesaid, be sold or delivered for home trade or consumption, or otherwise fraudulently disposed of in Great Britain.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That such last mentioned bond or security shall be cancelled and discharged upon the maker or makers, or refiner or refiners of the salt, or proprietor or proprietors of the salt work where the salt was so delivered, or the merchant or merchants for or on whose account or order the salt was so delivered as aforesaid, producing to and leaving with the proper officer of excise a certificate under the hand of such other officer of excise as shall be authorised to give and grant the same, testifying that all and every part of the salt mentioned in such bond or security has been duly delivered into the custody or possession of the fish curer or fish curers for whom the same was intended, or to whom the same was consigned or sent, and that bond or security has been given by or on the part of such fish curer or fish curers, that all the salt sent or consigned to him, her, or them, and delivered into his, her, or their custody, shall be used and employed in curing and preserving fish: provided always, That such certificate shall be produced to and left with such proper officer of excise within three months next after the day on which such salt shall have been delivered out of the warehouse or storehouse, or warehouses or storehouses, belonging to such maker or makers, or refiner or refiners, proprietor or proprietors as aforesaid.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That before any salt shall be delivered for the purpose of being removed to any such entered export warehouse at Liverpool or Bristol as aforesaid, the maker or makers, refiner or refiners thereof, or the proprietor or proprietors of the salt work, from which the salt shall be intended to be delivered, shall give sufficient bond or security, to be ap-delivered^nto Prove<^ by commissioners of excise, or the person or persons who shall be appointed or employed by them for that purpose, in double the amount of the duty by this act imposed for or in respect of salt for home trade or consumption, for all the salt so to be delivered as aforesaid, that all the salt so to be delivered as aforesaid, and every part thereof, shall, the dangers of enemies only excepted, be duly removed to, and delivered into such warehouse at Liverpool or Bristol, to which the same shall be consigned or sent, and that no part thereof shall be delivered for home trade or consumption, or otherwise fraudulently disposed of in Great Britain.

How such

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That such last mentioned

bonds shall be bond or security shall be cancelled and discharged upon the maker discharged or refiner or refiners of salt, or proprietor or pro-

prietors of the salt work from whence the salt was removed as aforesaid, producing to and leaving with the proper officer of excise a certificate under the hand of such officer of excise as shall be authorised to give and grant the same, testifying that ail and every part of the salt mentioned in such bond or security has

been

Before salt shall be delivered for removal to any export warehouse, bond to be given

it.

9°7*

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89.

been duly removed to, and delivered at, and secured in the said warehouse to which the same was Cent or consigned: provided always^ That such certificate shall be produced to and left with such proper officer of excise, within three months next after the day on which such salt shall have been first: delivered from the warehouse, storehouse, or loft, belonging to the salt work at which the same was made.

LXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if on Salt delivered the arrival at Liverpool or Bristol of any salt delivered upon bond an ex'pof/ or security for the purpose of being removed to any such entered, warehouse'export warehouse as aforesaid, the proprietor or proprietors, or may, on its owner or owners of any such salt, shall be desirous of imme- arriva* at Li-diately exporting the same, or any part thereof, in lieu and in- bTim-

ffead of first: putting the same into such export warehouses as mediately aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such proprietor shipped for or proprietors, or owner or owners, upon duly observing, con- exportation, forming to, and complying with all the rules, regulations, re- ^cate from the ffridtions, and provisions provided and established for or in re-officer the specSf of the exporting of salt immediately, and without putting bond shall be the same into such export warehouse, to ship the whole, or any discharged. part of such salt, for exportation to parts beyond-the Teas, whereupon and in every such case the proper officer of excise, upoTi being satisfied that the whole of such salt, or such part thereof as hath not been delivered and secured in such export warehouse as aforesaid, has been duly shipped and exported to parts beyond the seas, is hereby authorised and required to grant a certificate, testifying what quantity of such salt hath been so shipped for exportation, and what quantity thereof hath been delivered and secured in such export warehouse as aforesaid; and if the whole quantity of salt specified in such certificate shall correspond and agree with the quantity specified in the bond or security given on the first: delivery of such salt from the warehouse, storehouse, or loft belonging to the salt work where such salt was made, and if such certificate shall be produced to and left with the proper officer of excise, within the time limited in such bond or security for the production of the certificate mentioned in the condition of such bond or security, then and in such case such bond or security so given as aforesaid shall be cancelled and discharged; any thing in this act to the contrary in anywaise notwithstanding.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That before any rock Before rock.salt shall be delivered free of duty, to be melted and refined at ^pverec^ any entered refinery in Great Britain, the proprietor or proprie- duty-free to tors of the salt mine or salt pit, from whence such rock salt is be refined, -to be delivered, shall give sufficient bond or security, to be ap- bond to be^ proved of by the commissioners of excise, or the person or per* fh^be^ddf ions who shall be appointed or employed by them for that pur- vered at the" pole, in treble the value of the duty of the rock salt so intended refinery,: nd to be delivered for the purpose of being melted and refined as not fold be-aforesaid, that all such rock salt, and every part thereof, shall be ^or any duly delivered at the entered refinery to which, and into the cul- °ulClPluP° ei Vol. XLI. O o o tody

908 Anno regai tricesimo octavo GEORGII III. c. 89. [1797.

tody and possession of the entered refiner or refiners for or to whom, the same is to be consigned or ient, and that no part of such rock salt shall, the danger of enemies only excepted, before the same shall be delivered into the custody or possession of such refiner or refiners as aforesaid, at and on the said refinery, be iold or delivered for any other purpose, or otherwise fraudulently disposed of in Great Britain. bow such

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That such last-men-^schar^ed^tioned bond or security shall be cancelled or discharged, upon u b*the proprietor or proprietors of the salt mine or salt pit, where the rock salt was so delivered as aforesaid, producing to and leaving with the proper officer of excise a certificate under the hand of such other officer of excise as shall be authorised to give and grant the same, testifying that all and every part of the rock salt mentioned in such bond or security has been duly delivered at the entered refinery at which, and into the custody or possession of the entered refiner or refiners for whom the same was intended, or to whom the same was consigned or lent: provided always, That such certificate shall be produced to and left with such proper officer of excise, within three months next after the day on which such rock salt shall have been delivered out of the warehouse or storehouse, or warehouses or storehouses, belonging to such proprietor or proprietors as aforesaid.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That no rock salt, which shall be delivered duty free, for the use of, or to be conveyed to any refinery of rock salt, shall be removed in any flat, barge, boat, or other vessel, or in any waggon, cart, or other carriage, in which any salt of any other description, or any salt, or rock salt, for any other purpose, shall be put or laid; and that no rock salt, which shall be delivered upon the low duty for exportation, shall be removed in any flat, barge, boat, or other vessel, or in any waggon, cart, or other carriage, in which any salt of any other description, or any salt, or rock salt, for any other purpose, shall be put or laid; and that no salt, delivered duty free for exportation, or to be used in curing and preserving fish respectively, shall be removed in any flat, barge, boat, or description or Gther vessel, or in any waggon, cart, or other carriage, in which of any ot ei any (alt of any other description, or for any other purpose, shall be put or laid, on pain of forfeiting all the salt, or rock salt, which shall be found so removed or removing, contrary to the directions and true intent and meaning of this act, and the same, together with the package containing the same, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That before any fair, of rock salt, shall be put into, or shipped on board of any ship or vessel, in which the same is intended to be exported to parts beyond the seas, the Clipper or exporter thereof shall give at leafi six hours notice in writing to the proper officer of excise of his intention to ship the same, specifying in such notice, the quantity of the salt, or rock salt, to be shipped, the name of the ship or vessel in which the same is to be shipped and exported, and of the

Rock salt delivered duty-free for refining, or upon the low duty for exportation, and salt duty-free for exportation or curing hill, shall not be removed respectively in any flat, &c. in which salt of any other

purpose shall dc put, on penalty of forfeiture.

Previous notice to be given to the officer of intention to ship salt or rock salt for exportation, specifyigg certain particulars, with

1797.] Anno egni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. 909

the matter thereof, and the port or place to which the salt, or bond that it rock salt, is to be consigned or sent, and shall also, before such^oited^U^ salt, or rock salt, shall be shipped, give sufficient bond or fecu- p rity, to be approved by the commissioners of excise, or the person or persons who shall be appointed or employed by them for that plirpose, (in which bond or security the matter or commander of the ship or vessel shall join), in treble the value of the duty on salt for home trade or consumption, for all the salt or rock fa 11 to be exported, that all and every part of such salt or rock lait shall, the danger of the seas and enemies only excepted, be duly and truly exported to parts beyond the seas, and that the said salt or rock salt, or any part thereof, shall not be unshipped or relanded in any part of Great Britain.

LXXVTL And be it further enacted, That all such salt, or Such salt and rock salt, shall be weighed and shipped, and put into or on board rock salt (half of the ship or vessel in which the same is to be exported in the ancTihf presence of the proper officer of excise, who is hereby authorised in the presence and required to attend the weighing and shipping of such salt or of the officer, rock salt, upon the receipt of such notice, duly and legally fentwho shall br delivered to him as aforesaid; and if the salt or rock salt ^te ^dfv

shipped and put into or on board such ship or vessel, shall be salt ing the quan-or rock salt that shall have been sent or brought immediately tity and spe- from the salt work at which the same was raised, made, or re- ci^s shipped, fined, then it shall and may be lawful to and for such officer, and &c* he is hereby authorised and required, upon seeing and being satisfied that all the salt br rock salt sent or brought immediately from the salt work for exportation as aforesaid, has been or is duly shipped and put on board the ship or vessel in which the same is intended to be exported to parts beyond the seas, and that bond or security has been legally given for the due exportation thereof, to give and grant to the party authorised to receive the same, a certificate under his hand, specifying the quantity and species of the salt or rock salt so shipped for exportation as aforesaid, and also the name or names of the person or persons from whom the salt or rock salt was brought or fenr, together with the date and number of the permit with which the same was accompanied, and the day on which the salt or rock salt was so shipped as aforesaid.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may Salt (rock salt be lawful to and for any person or persons who shall have paid, and foreign or secured to be paid, his Majesty's duty due and payable for for whkhthe^ any salt, (rock salt and foreign salt excepted), or who shall buy duties have or be lawfully entitled to any lait (rock salt and foreign salt ex- been paid, or cepted) from the person or persons who actually paid his Ma- secured to be jetty's duties for the same, to export from any lawful quays, and export-dTipon in the lawful hours, any salt (rock salt and foreign salt excepted) certain" concti.-, for which all the duties shall have been paid, or secured to be tions. paid, to any parts beyond the seas, by way of merchandize, upon the terms and according to the directions herein after mentioned;

(that is to say). The person or persons so intending to export such salt as aforesaid, shall give six hours notice in writing of the

0002 time

9*o

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. '89. [1797.

time and place of shipping such salt, unto the proper officer of the port or place where such salt shall be intended to be shipped, who shall thereupon attend, and fee the same weighed and put on ship-board; and the exporter Or exporters of such salt shall cause all such salt to be weighed and shipped in the presence of such officer accordingly; and shall also, before the shipping thereof, give sufficient bond or security, to be approved of by the commissioners of excise, or the person or persons appointed or employed by them for that purpose, in treble the value of the duty intended to be drawn back, that all and every part of the salt so intended to be exported shall, the dangers of the seas and enemies only excepted, be duly exported to parts beyond the leas, and shall not be unffiipped, unladen, or laid or put on board any other ship or vessel in Great Britain (shipwreck or other unavoidable accident excepted); and the exporter shall make oath before the proper officer of excise of the said port or place, (which oath such officer is hereby authorised and empowered to administer), that he believes the duty upon such salt Officer to give has been fully paid, or secured to be paid; and the said officer the exporter a Of excise being satisfied that all such salt has been duly and fairly shipped and exported, shall, within one month after the exportation thereof, give to the exporter, or his chief clerk or manager, a debenture, expressing the quantity of such salt so exported as aforesaid, and that oath has been made that the duty has been paid for the same, and also that bond or security has been given for the due exportation thereof; and such debenture being produced to the collector of excise of the port or place from whence the salt was exported, such collector shall forthwith pay or allow to the person or persons so exporting the same, or his, her, or their agent or agents, a drawback or allowance of the duty be-foie paid for such salt so exported; and if such collector shall not have sufficient money in his hands to pay the same, the respective commissioners of excise in England or Scotland are hereby required and enjoined to pay the said drawback or allowance out of the duty on salt.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no certificate or debenture for cancelling or discharging any bond or security, or for obtaining any drawback or allowance of duty, shall be made out upon the exportation of any salt, or rock lait, or upon the receipt or delivery of any salt to be used or employed in curing and preserving fish, until the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, exporter or exporters, of such salt or rock salt, or one of them respectively, or his, her, or their known agent, shall have verified upon oath, before the proper officer of excise, that forcuHn°f(ifi! a!l, he salt' or rock salt, for which such certificate or debenture untint1 flLtlr* shall be required, has been duly and fairly exported to parts behave beta ve- yond the seas, or duly delivered into the custody of the fish rifted on oath, curer to whom the same was consigned, as the case maybe,

that it has which oath such officer of excise is hereby authorised and em-been duly ex- ., J

ported or de- powered to adrmnmer,

in*i-red. LXXX. And

debenture, expressing the quantity of salt exported, &c. on production of which to the collector of the port, he shall allow a drawback, of the duty.

TTo certificate for cancelling bonds, or debenture for obtaining drawbacks, shall be made out upon exportation of salt or rock salt, or upon

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. 911

LXXX. And be it further enacted, Xhat n0 certificate or certificate debenture for the repayment of duty for and in respect of salt, or ^rrr^p^y^flt for cancelling or discharging any bond or security given in respect of*duty for of salt or rock salt exported to Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, salt, or for ferfey, Sark, Alderney, or Man, shall be given or granted, until a cancelling certificate shall be' produced under the hands and seals of the -

Collector, comptroller, and surveyor of his Majesty's customs, or fajt fr rock any two of them, belonging to the port in Ireland., or of the Isle salt exported of Man, or from the regilier of certificates, or other chief officer to Ireland, of the customs in the said islands of Guernsey, ferfey, Sark, or &c* shall be Alderney, at which such salt or rock salt respectively shall have ^certTficate been landed, certifying that such salt or rock salt has been duly be produced landed there. of its being

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any salt or rock lancled-.salt which shall be entered or shipped for exportation, either free of duty, or upon the low duty to which rock salt for exportation for exporta-is subject and liable, or for the purpose or with intent to obtain tion. shall be the drawback of any duty, shall be unshipped, unloacted, or laid unfiripped or on land, or put into any other ship or vessel in Great Britain,n

(shipwreck or other unavoidable accident excepted), then and in Great Britain every such case, over and above the penalty of the bond directed it shall be for-to be given by this add, which shall be levied and recovered to feited with his Majesty's use, all the salt or rock salt which shall be so un- ttie vessel. shipped, unloacted, or laid on land, or put into any other ship or vessel in Great Britain, or the value thereof, shall be forfeited, together with the package containing the same, and also the ship or vessel from or out of which, and the ship or vessel into which such salt shall be taken or put, and the same respectively shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often If any person as any dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers of salt, or any other person or persons shall have occasion to fend or remove coastwise, tendeci to be any quantity of lait received from any entered salt work* such removed was dealer or dealers, feller or feliers, or other person or persons received into respectively, upon making oath before the proper officer of excise aft°rmit of the division or place from whence the salt is to be removed, ^shall be*(which oath such officer is hereby authorised and empowered to entitled to a administer), that all the salt so intended to be removed was permit to rereceived into his, her, or their custody, with and under a legal move itcoaft-permit, and that he, she, or they believes or believe that the duty for and in respect of such salt has been duly paid, or secured to be paid, and upon the delivery of a request note, according to the form by this act directed, shall be entitled to a permit to accompany such salt so to be removed or lent coastwise as aforesaid.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Matters of master or commander of any (Tip or vessel in or on board ofveffidt>con-which any salt or rock salt shall be carried, or transported, or rock^falttVom conveyed, from one port or place in Great Britain to another onc piace m part thereof, shall, before he shall begin to unship or land any Great Britain part of the salt or rock salt, in or on board of such ship or vessel,0 another,

0 0 0 3 prod.«Kj£ir

wife.

912 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. [1797.

leave with the produce to and leave with the proper officer of excise, who shall a^ermh^or1" aPP°'ntec^ or employed to receive the same, a true and thecame Tnci authentick permit, or true and authentick permits, for such salt make oath or rock salt, and shall make oath before such proper officer of that he be- excise (which oath such officer is hereby authorised and empow-

lieves no other erej to administer), that to the best of his knowledge and belief,

has been put -

on board.

no salt or rock salt hath been laid on board of, or put or taken into his ship or vessel since {he departed or failed from the port or place at which the salt or rock salt mentioned in such permit or permits was shipped, and that he verily believes no salt or rock salt whatsoever hath been laid on board, or put or taken into such ship or vessel, save and except such as is mentioned and specified in the permit or permits, then and at the time of making such oath produced to and left with such officer as aforesaid.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every such master or commander of any ship or vessel, in or on board of which any salt shall be so carried or conveyed from one port or place in Great Britain to another part thereof, shall, when he shall be intended to be t^ereunt0 recluired by any officer of excise, cause all the salt or

Such matters, when required by an, excise officer, to cause the salt or rock salt

rock salt intended to be unshipped or delivered, to be justly weighed out of such ship or vessel in the presence of such officer, who shall be permitted to take a true account thereof; and if any such matter or commander shall neglect or refuse to produce to and leave with such officer as aforesaid, such permit or permits as before-mentioned, or shall refuse or neglect to make such oath fusing to pro- as aforesaid, or to weigh out of hi's ship or vessel all the salt or duce permits, rock salt in and on board of the same, in the presence of such officer as aforesaid, such matter or commander shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That every matter or other perl'on having charge of any flat, barge, boat, or other vessel in which any salt shall be laden, before he shall take or remove any part of such salt or rock salt out of such flat, barge, boat, or other vessel, for the purpose of laying or putting t^e fa, me in or on board of any ship, or of any other flat, barge, boat, or other vessel, shall produce to the proper officer of excise of the port or place where such salt shall be intended to be so removed out of one vessel into another, a true and authentick permit for such salt or rock salt, and shall, if thereunto required by such officer, weigh or cause all such salt or rock salt to be weighed on such removal as aforesaid, in the presence of such officer; and if any such matter or other person shall refuse or neglect to produce such permit or certificate, or to weigh such salt or rock salt when thereunto required as aforesaid, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all salt and rock salt which shall be brought or imported from Scotland into England, without a legal certificate under the hand of the p£Op^r officer of excise in Scotland, testifying that all the duties d.ue and payable for or in respect of such salt made or procured] in Scotland have been duly paid, shall be forfeited, together with the package

containing

unshipped, to be weighed, and an account to be taken. Penalty of iool. for re-

&c.

Matters before they remove salt or rock salt out of flats, &c. to produce a permit, and, if required, weigh such salt in pre-fence of the officer, on penalty of iool.

Salt and rock salt imported from Scotland into England without certificate of the duties being paid, to be

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. 9, 15

containing the same, and also the ships, barges, boats, and other forfeited, with

vessels, and the waggons, carts, or other carriages, and like wife the vessels>«c*

the horses and cattle employed in importing or bringing, or

removing or carrying the same, and the same respectively shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise; and the5°l penalty

person or persons in whose custody or pottession any such salt or ^ofe^custody

rock salt shall be found, or who shall be concerned or employed founti? &c.

in so importing or bringing, or removing or conveying the same,

contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no salt or rock No salt or salt shall be brought or removed from Scotland to England by rock

c # o j vcmoveci

land, on pain of forfeiting the same, together with the package from Scotland

containing the same, and also the waggons, carts, and other to England by

carnages, and the horses and cattle used or employed in removing land, on pe-

or bringing the same; and the same respectively shall and may be

seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise, and the tjle Wag<rons,

person or persons concerned in so bringing or removing the same. Sec.

contrary to the direction of this act, shall forfeit, for every pound Penalty on

weight of such salt or rock salt so brought or removed, the sum persons con-

of forty shillings, or the sum of one hundred pounds, at the

election of his Majesty's attorney general, or the person or persons r, nSinS K*

who dial] sue for the same.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the master or Matters of commander of every ship or veil'd in which any salt or rock salt yeflelsimport-shall be brought or imported from Scotland into England, shall, JockValtfrora immediately on his arrival at the port or place to which such salt Scotland into or rock lait is consigned, and before he shall presume to unship, England shall, unlade, or land any part of such salt or rock salt, produce to and before unship-leave with the proper collector or officer of excise of such port or the offi-place as aforesaid, a legal certificate under the hand of the proper cer of excise officer of excise in Scotland, testifying that all the duties by this a certificate ad imposed for and in respect of such salt and rock salt, made, that the duties or raised or taken from any mine or pit in Scotland, have been duly paid, and such matter and commander as aforesaid, shall make oath make oath cefore such collector or officer of excise as aforesaid, that it is the (which oath such collector or officer is hereby authorised and identical salt empowered to administer), that such salt and rock (alt, intended therein0 and to be unshipped or landed at such port or place, is the identical that no'other salt or rock salt mentioned in such certificate as aforesaid, and has been put that no -other salt or rock salt has, to his knowledge or belief, on board, and been put or laden on board of his ship or vessel, since the salt or 1 on

rock salt mentioned in such certificate as aforesaid was first: put penalty of on board, and shall satisfy and pay to the said collector or officer xool. and for-of excise, all the duty by this act imposed on salt and rock salt fe'ture of the brought from Scotland into England, with fuefi certificate as salt and vessel. aforesaid, and shall forthwith weigh, unftiip, and deliver all such salt or rock salt in the presence of such collector or officer as aforesaid; and if such matter or commander as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to produce to and leave with such collector or officer of excise such certificate as aforesaid^ or to make such oath

0004 as

914 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89, [1797.

as aforesaid, or to pay and satisfy the duty in the manner hereinbefore directed,or shall neglect or refuse to weigh, unship, and deliver all such salt and rock salt in the presence of such collector or officer as aforesaid, every such mailer or commander shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, together with all the salt and rock salt so brought and imported as aforesaid, together with the packages containing the same, and also the ship or vessel in which the same shall be brought or imported as aforesaid, and the same respectively shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of customs or excise*

LXXXIX. And whereas salt is an essential ingredient in preparing and making oxiginated muriatic acid, which is commonly made use of in the bleaching of linen and cotton: and whereas the granting an allowance or drawback of the duties new payable on British salt, for such salt as fall be used, employed, spent, and consumed in the preparing and making of such oxiginated 'muriatic acid for the purpose aforesaid, ivill greatly promote and encourage the' manufacture of linens and A drawback cottons in this kingdom: be it therefore enacted, That the whole to b^allov/ed ^ut*es now Payable on lait of English manufacture, shall be drawn on British salt bacck: and allowed for all salt of English manufacture which shall used in mak- be used, employed, spent, and consumed in making any such ing oxiginated originated muriatic acid in England; and also vthat the whole thrbkachi'n^ duties now payable on salt of the manufacture bf Scotland, shall linen, under be drawn back and allowed for all salt which shall be used, certain pro- employed, spent, and consumed in making any such oxiginated vilions. muriatic acid as aforesaid in Scotland, upon the production of such certificate as is herein after provided and directed: provided always, That no such drawback or allowance shall be granted for any more or other salt than shall be actually mixed and mingled with vitriolic acid, manganese, and water, in the presence of the proper officer of excise, and in the proportion of at least twenty pounds weight of vitriolic acid, twenty pounds weight of manganese, and ten pounds weight of water to every fifty-six pounds weight of salt; nor shall any such drawback or allowance be granted to- any person not being an actual bleacher of linen or cotton, nor unless every such bleacher, intending to claim such drawback or allowance, shall make due entry in writing of every workhouse, warehouse, storehouse, room, and other place, by him, her, or them respectively intended to be made use of, in or for the preparing or making such oxiginated, muriatic acid as aforesaid^ at the office of excise within the compass or limits whereof such workhouse, warehouse, storehouse, room, or other place respectively shall be situate: provided also, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any officer or officers of excise, from time to time, and at all times, by day or night, upon his or their request, to enter into and upon all and every the workhouse?, warehouses, storehouses, rooms, and other places, respectively made use of by any such bleacher or bleachers for the making of oxiginated muriatic acid, and by weighing, gauging, or other-wile to take account of all salt which shall at any time be therein, and of the state of operation and manufacture of such oxiginated muriatic acid.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. 91*5

XC. And be it farther enacted, That no officer or officers of Officer not to excise shall at any time be obliged to attend the mixture of any attend the to such salt and other ingredients, at any such bleachers as aforesaid, fixture of oftener than once in every seven days, nor shall any such officer salt at bleach-or officers be obliged to attend the mixture of any such salt and ing grounds other ingredients, except he shall previously receive due notice in writing from such bleacher by the space of forty-eight hours, days/normi-specifying the particular day and hour when such mixture is to less he receive be made, and the quantity of salt intended to be mixed and previous no-mingled; and if such bleacher shall not actually begin to mix and t, ce> ^c* mingle all such salt and other materials and ingredients as afore- If the bleacher said, as he or she shall 3t any time intend to-rriix and mingle for any particular operation of oxiginated muriatic acid, in the pre- within half an fence of the proper officer of excise, and within such half an hour hour after the after such officer shall attend in pursuance of any such notice as officer at-aforesaid, such notice shall be null and void, and no such officer fhalhbe obliged to attend again without a fresh and like notice voi^ in writing as aforesaid.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That upon such officer's Officer on attending and seeing any quantity of salt, not less than one being not icfs bushel, mixed and mingled in the manner aforesaid, and upon ^a receiving or having received an authentick permit for such salt, ?lK\ receiving* and being satisfied that the full duties for all the salt so mixed and a permit lor mingled have been duly paid, he shall give and grant to the the'fab, to^-bleachers, entitled to receive the same, a certificate specifying the to^he" quantity of salt so mixed, mingled, used, and employed as afore- bleacher said, and upon such bleachers producing to the proper collector which, on of excise such certificate, and making oath before such collector, production to (which oath such collector is thereby authorised and empowered to administer), that all the salt mentioned' in such certificate has oatj^as^to^17 been duly and bona fide used, employed, spent, and consumed, in certain p*rtG making such oxiginated muriatic acid as aforesaid, for the folc culars, fh: dl purpose of bleaching linen or cotton, and, that he or she verily believes all the duties due and payable for salt have been paid for duty all such salt so used, employed, spent, and consumed, as aforesaid, deducting 7 and that no drawback or allowance has been obtained or received 1-a per cent.

foror in respect of such salt, the said collector or the commissioners of excise shall thereupon pay or allow to such bleacher as aforesaid, out of any money in his or their hands arising by the duty on salt, the amount of the duty paid for the salt specified in such certificate, deducing at the rate of seven and an half per centumin consequence of the increase in the weight of the salt, by the moisture of the air.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person or Before any persons who shall intend to receive any salt into his, her, or their l)er^ll ^ia^ custody or possession, free of duty, for the purpose of curing and [unyffi-ee for preserving fish, shall, before he, she, or they shall be permitted to curing tiffi, he receive any such salt free of duty, make entry in writing, at the Oiall make next office of excise, of his, her, or their name or names, and entl7 his place of abode, and of the number and situation of his, her, or anTwwe- C* their warehouse or warehouses, or storehouse or storehouses for house.

ft or ing

Warehouse to be approved of by the surveyor or supervisor of the district.

The treasury may authorise the of ot excite to permit salt to be delivered dutyfree for curing fish to persons not having warehouses, who have been heretofore allowed to receive it.

Before receiving salt dutyfree for curing fish, bond to be given that it shall be so used, and that in May yearly an account of the quantity.received and used shall be delivered to the officer of excise, &c.

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. [1797.

storing and keeping salt; and no person or persons shall be allowed or permitted to receive into his, her, or their custody or possession any such salt free of duty, before he, she, or they shall have made such entry in writing as aforesaid, nor until he, she, or they shall have provided a good and secure warehouse or storehouse, or good and secure warehouses or storehouses, for storing or keeping such salt as aforesaid: provided always nevertheless. That no such warehouse or storehouse shall be deemed or taken to be a secure warehouse or storehouse within the meaning of this act, unless the same shall be approved of in writing, by and under the hands of the respective surveyor or supervisor of excise of the division or distri<ft in which such warehouse or storehouse shall be situate; any thing in this act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XCIII. And whereas many inhabitants of certain parts of the coaji of this kingdom, which are thinly inhabited, are employed in the taking and salting of herrings, and being unable to provide themselves with proper cellars or warehouses for the keeping of salt, and at the same time depending on the said ffaery for their subsistence, have been heretofore allowed to receive into their custody salt delivered duty free, for the cure of fifth \ be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the lords of of his Majesty's treasury, or the major part of them for the time being, by special warrant or warrants under their hands, upon such terms and conditions, and under, subject, and according to such rules, regulations, and restrictions as they shall judge expedient, to authorise the commissioners of excise in' England and Scotland respectively, to permit salt to be delivered free of duty for the curing and preserving of fish, to any person or persons intending to take and to salt fish, and residing at any place or places, the inhabitants whereof, although not provided with such cellars or warehouses as aforesaid, have usually been, before the passing of this act, allowed to receive salt for the purposes aforesaid into their custody, although such person or persons may not be provided with such cellars, warehouses, or store-houses, or have made such entry thereof as is required by this act.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every fish curer or fish curers, and all and every other person or persons whatsoever, before he, she, or they shall be allowed or permitted to receive into his, her, or their custody or possession any salt free of duty, for the purpose of curing or preserving fish, shall give bond or security, to be approved of by the commissioners of excise, or the person or persons who shall be appointed or employed by them for that purpose, in treble the value of the duty of all the salt which he, (lie, or they shall have received, or had in his, her, or their custody or possession by the space of one year immediately preceding the time of giving such bond or security, or in case such fish curer shall not have had any salt in his custody for the purpose of curing fish in the year immediately preceding, then such fish curer or fish curers shall give the like bond of security in treble the value of the duty cf all the salt he, she, or they shall declare it to be his, her, or their intention to receive

within

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. 917

within one. year immediately succeeding the time of taking such bond or security, or in the sum of fifty pounds, at the election of the said commissioners of excise, or of the person or persons who shall be appointed or employed by them as aforesaid, that all the salt he, she, or they shall receive, and every part thereof, shall be really and truly employed, speni, and consumed in curing and preserving fish, or delivered over to some other fish curer or fish curers for the purpose of curing and preserving fish, and that no such salt shall be employed, used, or disposed of in any other manner or way, and also that he, (lie, or they will duly and regularly, once in every year, that is to say, In the month of May in every year respectively, deliver to the proper officer of excise, whose duty it shall be to receive the same, a true and particular account, specifying the exact and true quantity of salt which he,

(he, or they shall have had or received into his, her, or their custody or possession free of duty during such year, the true quantity of such salt actually employed or consumed by him, her, or them, in curing and preserving fish, and the true and just quantity of every distinct kind and species of fish respectively by him, her, or them cured and preserved with such salt, and like-wife the true quantity of salt delivered over to each and every other fish curer or fish curers, with the name or names of the person or persons to whom such salt was delivered, and the particular time or times when the same was so delivered to each and every of such fish curer or fish curers, and that he, she, or they will produce to and weigh in the presence of the proper officer of excise, all the salt he, she, or they shall have in his, her, or their custody at the time of making out and delivering to such officer such account as aforesaid.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That all and every fish Frfh curers ta curer and fish curers, and all and every other person or persons who shall receive into his, her, or their custody or possession any oat^? on pr_ salt free of duty, for the purpose of curing and preserving fish, nalty of treble shall verify such account to be by him, her, or them made outthe value of; as aforesaid, on oath before the officer of excise whose duty it ^efved^vithia shall be to receive the same, which oath such officer is hereby I2 months, authorised and empowered to administer accordingly; and if any such fish curer or other person or persons as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to verify the same, he, she, or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit treble the value of all the salt delivered into his* her, or their custody or possession, within twelve months last preceding the time when such account as aforesaid shall or ought to have been made out and delivered as aforesaid.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That the bond or security Bonds to be directed by this act to be given, by all and every fish curer, and ^e"5we(* all and every other person or persons who shall receive into his, faeh accounts her, or their custody or possession, any salt free of duty, for the Gn penalty of* purpose of curing and preserving fish, shall be renewed at each forfeiture of and every time that such fish curer or fish curers, or such other salt in

person or persons as shall have or ought to have delivered to the ion°

proper officer of excise such account as he, she, or they is or are

directed

Before salt from any salt work shall be delivered to

officer of excite, to fee it weighed and ware hou fed, who shall grant him a certificate,

)i8 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. [1797.

directed by this act to make out and deliver; and if any fish curer or fish curers, or other person or persons, shall neglect or refute to renew such bond or security as aforesaid, at such times as aforesaid, he, file, or they shall forfeit al! the salt in his, her, or their custody or possession, and the same, together with the package containing the same, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That before any salt fens or brought from any salt work or salt works shall be delivered into the custody or possession of any fish curer or fish curers, such. any fish curer, fish curer or fish curers shall give two days notice to the proper he shall give officer of excise to attend and fee the same weighed and delivered, notice to t le ancj shall weigh and deposit the same in his, her, or their entered warehouse or storehouse, or warehouses or storehouses, in the presence of such officer of excise, who, when and so soon as he shall be satisfied that all and every part of the salt originally brought, sent, or consigned from the maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors thereof, to or for such fish specitying the Curer or fish curers, shall be, or is actually delivered into his, her, quantity, &c. or their entered warehouse or storehouse, warehouses or store-.

houses, shall give an'd grant to such fish curer or fish curers reflectively as aforesaid, a certificate under his hand, specifying the quantity of such salt received into the custody or possession "of such fish curer or fish curers, the day on which the same was so received, the name or names, and place of abode of the person or persons to whom delivered, and the name of the person from whom brought or sent, and also the number and date of the permit with which such salt was accompanied.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any fish curer or fish curers, or other person or persons into whose custody or possession any salt shall be delivered, free of duty, for the purpose of curing or preserving fish, shall fell, deliver, or give away, any such salt, except to some other known and entered fish curer or fish curers, under, subject, and according to the directions of this act, and that for the purpose of curing and preserving fish, or shall use, consume, or employ any such salt for any purpose, except for the curing and preserving fish, or shall suffer or cause any such salt to be so fold, delivered, given away, used, confirmed, or employed, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, every such fish curer or fish curers, and other person or persons shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of forty shillings for every pound weight of salt so fold, delivered, given away, or used, consumed, or employed as aforesaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, or the sum of one hundred pounds, at the election of his Majesty's attorney general, or the person or persons who shall sue for the lame; and in default of paying such penalty, such fish curer and fish curers, and other person or periods so offending as aforesaid, shall be committed to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not

Penalty for felling ojr giving away, or using for any other purpose, salt delivered duty-free for curing fish.

exceeding six months.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. S9

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any fish 'curer or fish curers, who, under and according to the directions contained in this act, shall have received into his, her, or their custody or possession any salt free of duty, for the purpose of curing anckpreserving fish, to deliver any part thereof into the custody or possession of any other known and entered fish curer, provided notice thereof be given in writing to the proper officer of excise of the division or place from which the salt shall be fens, within forty-eight hours next after such salt shall be so delivered, specifying in such norice the day when such salt was delivered, and the names and places of abode of the fish curers, from whom and to whom the same shall be delivered, and that such notice be signed by such fish curers so delivering and receiving such salt.

C. And be it further enacted, That every such fish curer or fish curers, to or for whom any salt shall be delivered by or from any other fish curer, shall be, and he, file, or they is and are hereby charged with all salt which shall be so delivered as aforesaid; and if any dispute shall arise whether any such salt shall have been delivered into the custody or possession of the fish curer to whom the same may or shall be alledged to be so delivered, the proof of the due delivery of such fair, shall lie on the fish curer or fish curers fending or delivering the same.

CL. And be it further enacted, That all and every person or persons by whom any permit or permits which shall be granted in pursuance of this act shall have been received, and in whose possession any such permit or permits shall at any time be, shall, upon demand thereof made by any officer or officers of excise, after the time limited in, or by such permit or permits for the removal of any salt or rock salt specified therein shall be expired, deliver such permit or permits to the officer or officers of excise who shall demand such delivery thereof; and if any such person or persons shall neglect or refuse to deliver any such permit or permits to any officer or officers of excise who shall demand such delivery thereof, the person or persons so offending shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

CII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners of excise in England and Scotland respectively, to forbear, if they shall see cause so to do, to put in suit any bond by this act directed to be given or entered into, upon such terms and conditions as to the said of shall seem meet.

919

Salt received duty-free for' curing fish, may be delivered to other fish curers on notice to the officers of excise.

Fish curers receiving salt from other fish curers, to be charged with nil so delivered, <xc.

Permits after their expiration, to be' delivered to the officer of excise on demand, on penalty of 50l.

Commission-H ers of excise may forbear to put bonds in suit.

GUI. And be it further enacted, rFhat all and every fish curer F^c^cr f0 and fish curers, shall produce to the proper officer of excise, well officer°-i3i and perfectly cured, all such fish which he, file, or they shall have cured fish for cured, and for which he, file, or they shall intend to take credit which he in his, her, or their account, directed by this act to be made intends to

- J t1 xv.^(I it 1

out and delivered to the proper officer of excise yearly; and such h'is accQlint officer shall, upon such fish being so produced to him as aforesaid, who shall take take an exact and particular account, by tale, gauge, weight, an account

oi thereof, and

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. [1797.

or otherwise, of the quantities and species of all the fish which shall be To produced to him, and shall enter such account in a proper book to be kept by him for that purpose, and such fish curer or fish outers, if the fish produced be dried dr unpacked cod, brand ling, or hake, shall immediately, and in the presence and to the the same. satisfaction of such officer, punch one' hole in and through the tail of each fish, but if the hfh produced be herrings or pilchards, or wet fish, or other fish packed in barrels or casks, then such officer shall burn or brand each of such barrels or casks in some conspicuous part thereof with the letters B. F.; and all and every such fish curer or fish curers, before any such barrels or casks containing any fish so cured as aforesaid, shall be produced to such officer as aforesaid, shall burn or brand with iron on every such barrel or cask of fish, in large, legible, conspicuous, and permanent characters, his, her, or their name or names, and the date of the year when the same shall be produced to such Fish produced officer; and if any such fish curer or fish curers shall produce any such fish in barrels or casks not so marked with his, her, or their name or names as aforesaid, or shall refuse or neglect to punch one hole in the tale of every such. fish as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall forfeit all the fish so produced, which shall or may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That no fish curer or fish curers, to whom any salt shall be delivered for the purpose of curing and prefer ving fish shall have credit for, or be allowed more or a greater quantity of salt for curing and preserving fish, than at and after the following rates and proportions j (that is to say),

920

which fish shall be mark, trd in his presence, or, if in barrels, he shall

Names, &c. of fish cu rer to he branded on barrels.

in barrel*; net so branded, or fclh not marked, to be lor* kited.

Salt for curing lish to be allowed at the rates folio w-ing:

For dried cod, See. jolb. per cvvt.:

for wet cod, Sec. 561b.;

for salmon,

3*lb.;

for white herrings 740I0,;

for full red herrings,

651b.; and for fhotten ones, 6lb. per barrel:

for red fpra % ajlb. per last:

For every hundred weight of dried cod, ling, or hake, fifty pounds weight of salt, and so in proportion for any greater or iefs quantity:

For every barrel, containing thirty-two gallons of wet cod, ling, or hake, fifty-six pounds weight of salt, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity:

For every barrel, containing forty-two gallons of salmon, thirty-six pounds weight offidr, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity:

For every barrel containing thirty-two gallons of white herrings, one hundred and forty pounds weight of salt, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity:

For every barrel, containing thirty-two gallons of full red herrings sixty-five pounds weight of salt, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity:

For every barrel, containing thirty-two gallons of clean fhotten red herrings, fifty-six pounds Weight of salt, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity:

For every last, confiding of ten thousand dried red sprats, twenty-five pounds weight of fall, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity:

For

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. S9. 921

For every cask or vessel, containing fifty gallons of pilchards or for pilchards fcads, two hundred and eighty pounds weight of salt, and so in ^goTb^and proportion for any greater or less quantity:

For every cask or vefiei containing thirty-two gallons of mac^are^ mackarel, eighty-four pounds weight of salt, and so in proportion per for any greater or less quantity.

CV. And be it further enacted, That if on weighing, taking on taking account of, and balancing the flock of salt in the cu{body or itod^offtk0 possession of any entered fish curer or fish curers, in the month a deficiency of May as directed by this act, there shall appear to be any salt shall be found* deficient in the quantity which such fish curer or fish curers shall the fish curer-have received or had in his, her, or their custody or possession, f ^/tmniell2S* free of duty, in the year last preceding, making an allowance for J, ne pixt|1 part the whole quantity of salt which such fish curer or fish curers shall to the officer have legally and truly delivered into the custody or possession of any and five iixths other fish curers, in thecourfeof such last preceding year, and a]f0 to his Majesty. making an allowance, at, and after the rates and proportions, herein-before specified, for the salt employed and consumed by such fish curer or fish curers in such last preceding year, in curing and preserving the fish cured, preserved, and produced within such year to the proper officer, then and in such case all the salt so deficient shall be deemed and taken to be salt illegally disposed of, or misapplied by such fish curer or fish curers, and such fish curer and fish curers shall, for every bushel of salt so found deficient as aforesaid, forfeit and lose the sum of twelve shillings, which shall be paid and applied by the commissioners of excise in manner herein after mentioned 5 (that is to say),

Five sixth parts thereof to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the remaining sixth part thereof to the use of the officer or officers of excise who shall discover such deficiency.

CVI. And whereas it sometimes happens that part of the salt employed in curing fishy after having been repeatedly applied to the fish) becomes so foul as to be entirely unfit for that purpose, which salt bath heretofore in certain places and under certain rcfh'itlions, been used in the manuring of land; be it therefore enacted, That it shall Treasury maybe lawful for the lords of of his Majesty's treasury, or authorise the the major part of them, for the time being, by special warrant of or warrants under their hands, upon such terms and conditions, and under, subject, and according to, such rules, regulations, and be*

restrictions, as they shall judge expedient, to authorise the com-fold for missioners of excise to permit any entered fish curers residing at manuring land places where, immediately before the passing of this act, foul 111 P^ac^s, fishery salt was allowed to be sold for manuring land, to fell such beenTo* of their fishery salt for the sole purpose of manuring land, as allowed, from having been repeatedly applied to and used in the salting or curing of fish, shall have become so foul and impure, as to be utterly unfit to be again used in or applied to the purpose of faking or curing fish: provided always, That if any person, whether Penalty for a fish curer or nor, shall be convicted before any one of his Majesty's any other

922 purpose than manuring land, jpir salt not fqul for that ptuipose.

Bonds tiken for salt for curing li.'h, and certificates. not subjoft to (lamp duty.

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. [1797.

Majesty's justices of the peace residing near to the place where the offence shall or may be committed, of wilfully and knowingly felling, disposing of, or using any such foul fishery salt, or of suffering any such foul fishery salt to be sold, disposed of, or used for any other purpose than that of manuring land, or of felling or disposing of or using any salt for the purpose of manuring land, except such salt, as by such repeated use and application as aforesaid, shall have become so foul, dirty, and impure, as to be totally unfit to be used or employed in salting or curing fish, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and iofe the ium of one hundred pounds, and shall for'ever afterwards be excluded from the privilege or benefit of felling or using any foul fishery salt for manuring land; any thing in this act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That no bond of security given or taken for salt, to be used or employed in curing and preserving fish, nor any certificate made out in relation to any such salt so to be used-or employed in curing and preserving fish, shall be subject or liable to any stamp duties; any thing in this or any other act or acts of parliament to the contrary in any wise

Persons legally entitled to ling, &c. British Uken or beef or pork felted in Great Britain may export the same;

previous notice of intention so to export to be given the officer of the port, who ih-dl t^ke an account thereof, and fee the same flipped, &c.

notwithstanding.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for any fish curer or fish curers, or any other person or persons who shall be legally entitled to any dried or wet ling, cod, or hake, or salmon, or white herrings, or full red herrings, or clean fbotten red herrings, or dried red sprats, or pilchards, or fcads respectively, which shall be British taken, to export, from any lawful quays and in lawful hours, any such fish as aforesaid to any parts beyond the seas, by way of merchandize, upon the terms and according to the directions heren-after mentioned; and also to and for any person or persons who shall be legally entitled to any beef or pork failed in England with salt, for or in respect of which the duties by this act imposed shall have been paid, or who shall be legally entitled to any beef or pork salted in Scotland wholly witly foreign salt, for or in respect of which the duty by this act imposed shall have been paid, to export such beef or pork from any lawful quays in England or Scotland respectively, to any parts beyond the seas, upon the terms and according to the directions herein after mentioned.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That the person or persons so intending to export any such fish, beef, or pork as aforesaid, shall give six hours notice in writing of the time and place of shipping such fisti, beef, or pork respectively, to the proper officer of excise of the port or place where such fisti, beef or pork, reflectively shall be intended to be shipped, who shall thereupon attend, and by tale, weight, or gauge, take an account of the quantity, and kind or species, of the fisti, and also of the beef or pork so intended to be ftfpped, and shall lee the same shipped or put on ship board accordingly; and the exporter or exporters of such fisti, beef, or pork, fna!l weigh or otherwise assist such officer in such manner us to lucii officer shall seem most expedient, in, taking

account

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. 5123

account of and ascertaining the quantity, quality, and species of such fish, beef, or pork respectively, and shall ship the same in the presence of such officer; and the exporter or exporters of Exporters such fish, beef, or pork shall, before the shipping thereof, give % fore fhjp-sufficient bond and security, to be approved of by the commissioners of excise, or the person or persons to be by them articles shall appointed dr employed for that purpose, in treble the value of be duly such fish, beef, or pork; that all and every part of such fish, beef, exported, and or pork respectively, so intended to be exported, shall (the danger of the seas and enemies only excepted) be duly exported particulars, to parts beyond the seas, and shall not be unftiipped or laid on land, or put on board any other ship or vessel in Great Britain (shipwreck or other unavoidable accident excepted ;,) and the exporter shall declare, upon oath, before the proper officer of excise of the said port or place, (which oath such officer is hereby authorised and empowered to administer), the quantity, and kind or species of fish intended to be exported; and that the same, and every part thereof, is well and perfectly cured, and also well and fairly paeked, and in good and merchantable condition, and that no part thereof is for the ship's use, and that he believes the said fish was British taken; or if it be beeif or pork intended to be exported from England, then such exporter shall declare, upon oath as aforesaid, that he believes the same was salted with salt for or in respect of which the duty by this act imposed has been paid, and that no drawback or allowance has^ been claimed for of in respect of such salt, and that no part of such beef or porkjs for the ship's use; or if it o°ter

be beef or pork intended to be exported from Scotland, then such a debenture1 exporter shall declare upon oath as aforesaid, that he believes expressing the the same was salted with foreign salt, (without any mixture of quantity, &c6 British) or Irish salt), for or in respedi of which all the duties by td

this or any other act imposed has been paid, and that no draw- tjle collect or back or allowance has been claimed for or in respect of such of the port, salt, and that no part of such beef or pork is for the ship's use; shall entitle and the said officer of excise being satisfied of the truth of such the exported

o 1 q ooLirit V

oath or oaths, and that all the fish, beef, or pork respectively has been duly and fairly shipped and exported, shall, within one month after the exportation thereof, give to the exporter, or his or her chief clerk or manager, a debenture, expressing-the quantities and species or kind of such fish, beef, or pork respectively as aforesaid, and that the same \^as well packed and shipped in a good and merchantable (fate and condition, and also that bond or security had been given, before the shipping thereof, for the due exportation of such fish, beef, or pork respectively, and such debenture being produced to the collector of excise of the port or place from whence such fish, beef, or pork was exported, he shall forthwith pay or allow to the person or persons so exporting the same, or his, her, or their agents, the bounty by this act granted upon the exportation of such fish, beef, or pork respectively, and if such collector shall not hatfe sufficient money in his hands to pay the same, the respective of of Vql. XLL P p p excise

924 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. [1797.

excise in England or Scotland, are hereby required and enjoined to pay the said bounty out of the duty on fair.

debenUvre6 ^X. lt ^urt^er enacted, That no certificate or

for cancelling debenture for cancelling or discharging any bond or security bonds for given for the due exportation of any fish, beef, or pork, or for

exportation obtaining the bounty by this act given or granted, shall be made

obtamin^0' °F out upon t^le exportation of any fish, beef, or pork, until the owner or owners, or proprietor or proprietors of such fish, beef, or pork, or one of them respectively, shall have verified upon oath before tlfe proper officer of excise (which oath such officer is hereby authorised and empowered to administer) that all the fish, beef, or pork, for which such certificate or debenture shall be required, has been duly and fairly exported to parts beyond the seas, and not relanded in any part of Great Britain.

On presenting CXI. And be it further enacted, That the exporter, owner, or dried cod. Sec. proprietor of any dried cod, ling, or hake, which shall be presented to the officer tQ any officer or officers of excise for exportation, with intent to obtain, or for the purpose of obtaining, the bounty by this act granted on the exportation of such dried cod, ling, or hake, shall, -in the presence, and to the satisfaction of such officer, punch a second hole in and through the tail of every such cod, ling, or hake, and that no bounty whatever shall be paid or allowed for or in respect of any such dried cod, ling, or hake, which shall not at any time when so presented to such officer as aforesaid, have one hole, and not more than one hole, punched in and through the tail of each and every such.cod, ling, or hake, or of which any part of the tail shall have been cut off, save and except by punching out one hole as aforesaid.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That when any beef, pork, or fish, packed in casks or barrels, shall be presented to any officer or officers of excise for exportation, with intent to obtain, or for the purpose of obtaining the bounty by this act granted on the exportation of such beef, pork, or fish, it shall and may be lawful for such officer or officers of excise, and he or they is and are hereby required and enjoined, before the shipping of any fu-ch beef, pork, or fish, so packed as aforesaid, to brand, burn, or mark, every cask or barrel thereof in such manner, and with such mark or device as the commissioners of excise, or the major part of them for the time bsing, shall direct and appoint.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That no certificate or debenture for obtaining any bounty for any fish, beef, or pork exported, shall be made out or granted upon the exportation of any such fish, beef, or pork, to Ireland, or to the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney, or Man, until a certificate shall be produced under the hands and sea-ls of the collector, comptroller^ surveyor of his Majesty's customs, or any two of them, belonging to the port in Ireland or the IJJe of Man, or from the register of certificates or other chief officer of the customs in the said islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark? or Alderney, at which

obtaining bounty, shall be made out till after oath of their having been exported.

for obtaining bounty, a second hole to be punched through the tail, and no bounty to be paid for any that has not one hole when presented.

Officer to brand casks containing beef, Sec. for which bounty is claimed, before shipt for exportation.

No certificate or debenture for obtaining bounty upon fish, Sec. exported to Ireland, Sec. to be made out until a certificate be produced of their having been landed tile re.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. 925

such fish, beef, or pork respectively, shall have been landed, certifying, that such fish, beef, or pork, has been duly landed there.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any fish, beef, or pork, which shall be entered or shipped for exportation, for the exportation, purpose, or with the intent to obtain any bounty by this act be unshipt m granted, shall be unshipped, unloacted, or laid on land, or put Great Britain, into any other ship or vessel in Great Britain, (shipwreck or other

unavoidable accident excepted), then and in every such case, over with the' and above the penalty of the bond which shall be levied and vessel. recovered to his Majesty's use, all the fish, beef, and pork, which shall be so unshipped, unladen, or laid on land, or put into any other ship or vessel in Great Britain, or the value thereof, shall be forfeited, together with the packages containing the same, and also the ship or vessel from or out of which, and the ship or vessel into which such fish, beef, or pork as aforesaid, shall be taken or put, and the same respectively shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise.

CXV. And whereas it may sometimes happen that salt and rock salt may be lof or destroyed through Jlrefs of weather and forms at sea> or by the casing away, sinking, or franding of the flat, boat, barge, or vessel, in which the same may be transporting from one place to another; be it therefore enacted, That i-n Case any salt, or Justices at the rock salt, for which the duties by this act imposed shall have been the'1*

paid, or which shall have been delivered upon bond free of those of duties, shall be lost or destroyed through stress of weather or storms of excise, may at sea, or by the accidental or unavoidable caftingaway, sinking, receive _ or stranding of any flat, boat, barge, or vessel, in or on board of which any such salt, or rock salt, shall be removing or transporting faitfor rock from one place to another, it shall and may be lawful for the salt loft owner, proprietor, or (hipper of such salt, or rock salt, to make through stress application in writing for relief to his Majesty's justices of the ^nd^rant peace of the county, riding, division, or shire, nearest to which relief.^any such accident shall happen, at the quarter sessions of the peace, or to the commissioners of excise at the chief office of excise in London, or any three of the said of^ and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for such justices of the peace at the quarter sessions, or commissioners of excise, or any three of such of respectively to receive and admit such application, and to examine all parties touching the matter contained therein, and upon due proof of the fast by two or more credible witnesses, one of whom shall be the mailer or mate of such flat, boat, barge, or vessel, if such mailer or mate be living at the time, such justice or of respectively- are hereby authorised and required to grant their warrant, directed to the proper collector of excise, authorising and requiring him, in case the fair, or rock salt, lost or destroyed shall be proved to be salt, or rock salt, for which the' duties by this act imposed shall have been paid, to allow to the maker or proprietor of such salt* or rock salt, out of the duties on salt- which shall

p p p % next

Bonds to remain in force as to salt and rock

to have been actually loft

926 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. [1797.

next become due and payable from such maker or proprietor, the full amount of the duties proved to have been paid for such salt, or rock salt, which shall be so proved to have been so lost or destroyed as aforesaid; and if the salt, or rock salt, which shall be proved to have been so lost or destroyed as aforesaid shall be salt or rock salt, which shall have been delivered Upon bond free of duty, or rock salt which shall have been delivered upon bond for exportation upon the low duty to which such rock salt for exportation is liable, then and in every such Case the said justices of the peace or of respectively shall, as to such salt, or rock salt, so lost or destroyed, grant their warrant, authoring and requiring such coiletftar of excise as aforesaid to cancel or vacate the bond which shall have been given at and for the delivery or shipping of the salt, or rock salt, which shall be proved to have been so lost or destroyed; provided always, That such bond shall be and remain in full force and effect as to all the salt and rock salt to which the same shall relate, which shall not be so proved to have been actually l ilt not proved lost or destroyed, and which shall not be particularly specified, u"'arid mentioned in the warrant of the justices of the peace or commissioners of excise as aforesaid: provided also, That no such application for relief as aforesaid shall be sustained or proceeded upon, or any warrant granted, unless the proprietor or shipper of any salt, cr rock salt, which may be so lost or destroyed as aforesaid* or some person on his, her* or their behalf, shall give notice in writing to the commissioners of excise at the chief officer in London, or to the collector of excise of the collection nearest to where the accident may happen, within one month after such accident shall have happened, nor unless it shall be specified in such notice when and where the loss shall have happened, and by what accident it shall have been occasioned, nor unless the names and places of abode of the maker or refiner, and of the proprietor or shipper of the salt* or rock salt, the time when, and place where the same was shipped, and the place to which the same was consigned or intended to be removed, and also the quantity of salt, or rock salt, actually shipped, shall be specified, in such notice, and also whether it was salt for which the duty had been paid or which had been delivered on bond, and the names of the flat, boat, barge, or vessel in which the same was shipped, and of the master or commander thereof: provided also, That no such applications be sustained or proceeded upon, nor shall any such warrant be granted, unless it shall appear upon the face of the application, and be proved upon oath, that the storm or accident, by which the loss of the salt, or rock salt was occasioned, happened within six months immediately preceding, nor unless notice in writing of the time and place of hearing and determining the matter shall be given to the commissioners of excise, if the matter of such application be to be heard in London, or to the collector of excise of the collection nearest to where the quarter sessions shall be held, if the matter of such application be to be heard

in

No application for relief to be sustained unless notice be gi ven to the excise within a month after the accident, spedfying when it happeiiedj

1797, 1 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. 927

in the country, at lead six days before the day appointed for such hearing.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Glass makers lawful for any maker or makers of glass, it) Great Britain, to j^e take rock salt from any warehouse belonging and adjoining to fromware. any salt mine or pit, or to take any brine or sea water for the houses, or purpose of making mineral alkali, or flux for glass, upon bond or brine or Tea security being given in double the duty of such rock salt, brine, or wa*e.r'for. sea water, that all such rock salt, brine, and sea water, shall be aJkfiore- really and truly employed, spent, and consumed, in the making of flux for glass, mineral alkali, or flux for glass; such bond or security to be upon bond discharged upon the proprietor or manufacturer, or his agent, be

making oath before the collector of excise of the collection in ° u e*which the alkali works shall be situated, (which oath such collector is hereby authorised and empowered to a.dminister), that discharged. all the said rock salt, brine, or sea water, for which such bond or security was given, was made use of in making such mineral alkali, or flux for glass, and for no other purpose whatsoever, and the supervisor or officer of excise, under whose survey such maker or makers of mineral alkali shall then be, at the same time certifying his belief of the truth of the matters sworn to by such jl^ker^o maker or makers of glass, or his or their agent: provided. That receive roc]c no maker or makers of glass whatsoever shall obtain, receive, or salt, Sec. till have any such rock salt, brine, or sea water, for the purpose of such entry as making mineral alkali, or flux for glass, therefrom, unless such maker or makers of glass shall have first made such entry, as have herein after mentioned. been made.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person Before mak> and persons, before he, she, or they shall presume to begin to hjg mineral make or manufacture any mineral alkali, or flux for glass, shall for^glass au* from time to time make true and particular entry in writing of entry to be every workhouse, warehouse, storehouse, room, and other place, made of and also of every utensil and vessel by him, her, or them workhouses, respeCh'vely intended to be made use of, in or for the making or ^office keeping mineral alkali, or flux for glass, or any materials proper of the district, to be made into mineral alkali, or flux for glass, at the office on penalty commissioners of excise, within the compass or limits whereof such workhouse, iool. with the warehouse, storehouse, room, and other place respectively shall be 6 dl1

fitqate; and if any such person or persons shall begin to make any mineral alkali, or flux for glass, without first making such entry, he, she, or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, together with all the mineral alkali, or flux for glass, and all the materials proper to be made into mineral alkali, or flux for glass, together with all the utensils and vessels used in making the same, which shall at any time be found in any workhouse, warehouse, storehouse, room, or other place used in or for the making or keeping of mineral alkali, or flux for glass, whereof no such entry shall be made.

CXVIII. And whereas, by an act made in the twenty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, certain licences are authorised tq p P P 3 bs

928 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. [1797.

Duty imposed be granted for making mineral alkali, or flux for glass, and for or in respect of each such licence a duty of five pounds is by the said act imposed: and vahereas it is expedient to repeal the said duty; be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the said duty of five pounds, by the said act imposed for or in respect of each such licence, shall cease and determine, and no such licence illal 1'hereafter be granted.

on licences for making mineral alkali, or flux for glass, by 22 Geo. 3. c. 39. to cease from Ocft. 10 1798.

>Jo rock salt CXIXf And be it further enacted, That no such rock salt to be delivered shall be delivered out of or from any warehouse belonging to any mine or pir, from which the same shall be raised or taken, for the purpose or under any pretext of making mineral alkali, or flux for glass, or shall be afterwards delivered at such work or works, for the purpose of making mineral alkali, or flux for glass, or stored or deposited in any warehouse, storehouse, or place, belonging thereto, or used for making mineral alkali, or flux for glass, or stored, but in presence, of an officer,

who shall.> _ _

make an entry therewith, but in the presence of the proper officer of excise, of the quan- who shall make and keep an entry in writing, containing the tity, &c. true ancj reaj weight or quantity of the salt so delivered at such salt mine or pit, and brought in or delivered to or at such alkali works as aforesaid, together with the day on which the same shall be brought into or delivered at such alkali work or works respectively as aforesaid; and which entry so to be made at such salt mine or pit as aforesaid, shall also contain the name of the maker or makers of glass respectively to whom the rock salt therein mentioned was delivered, and for the use of what work or works for the making of mineral alkali, or flux for glass, and to whom belonging.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That in case the rock salt so brought in to be used, stored, or deposited, at any such work or works for the making of such mineral alkali, or flux for glass, shall be of less weight or quantity than that specified in the permit which shall accompany the same, the maker or makers of mineral alkali, to whose use or on whose account the said salt was so delivered at such salt mine or pit as aforesaid, shall be answerable for the same.

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any maker of glass, to whom or on whose use or account any such rock salt shall be delivered at any such salt mine or pit, and secured as aforesaid, or in case any other person or persons shall use the same, or any part thereof, or any acid materials to be produced therefrom, after being used in the making of such mineral alkali, or flux for glass as aforesaid, for any other purpose than that of making mineral alkali, or flux for glass, the person or persons so offending in the premises shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any officer or officers of excise to enter into all and every the workhouses, warehouses, storehouses, rooms, and other places made use of by any manufacturer or manufacturers of

made from rock lair, brine, or

fe$

If rock salt brought to any work for making mineral alkali, or flux for glass, be less than specified in the permit, the maker shall he answerable.

Penalty of look for using rock salt delivered to glass makers for any other purpose than making mineral alkali, or flux for glass.

Officers may enter work - houses, lVC. of manufacturers of mineral aikali, or flux for glass.

mineral alkali, or flux for glals.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89

Tea water as aforesaid, either for the purpose of making, storing, or keeping the same, or of storing or keeping any rock fair, brine, or Tea water, for the purpose or under colour of making the same; and that if any such manufacturer or manufacturers shall, upon due request or demand made by any officer of excise, in the day-time, or in the night in the presence of a constable or other lawful officer of the peace, refuse to permit such officer to enter and come into any such workhouses, warehouses, store-houses, rooms, and other places, he, she, or they shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of fifty pounds.

CXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to lay or impose any duty on such glauber salts as shall be made or produced by any glass-maker in any of the processes of making mineral alkali, or flux for glass, as aforesaid, and which glauber salts shall be truly and bona fide expended and consumed in making such mineral alkali, or flux for glass.

CXXIV. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every the owners, proprietors, or occupiers of certain springs of brine or salt water in the parish or township of Long Benton in the county of Northumberland, to make and manufacture mineral alkali from the water or brine of the said springs, at their works or manufactories already erected or begun to be erected within the said parish or township, and also withifi the parish of Newburn in the county aforesaid, upon the terms and conditions, and under, subject, and according to the rules, regulations, restrictions, and provisions, in that behalf herein after contained, provide*], preferred, settled, and established; that is to say, That all and every the said owners, proprietors, or occupiers shall from time to time make true and particular entry in writing of every workhouse, warehouse, storehouse, room, and other place and utensil and vessel by him, her, or them respectively intended to be made life of in or for the making or keeping such mineral alkali, or any materials proper to be made into mineral alkali, at the office of excise within the compass or limits whereof such workhouse, warehouse, storehouse, room, or other plage respectively shall be htuate; and if any such owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, or occupier or occupiers, who shall make or manufacture any mineral alkali from such water or brine as aforesaid, shall neglect to make any such entry, he, she, or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, together with all the mineral alkali which shall at any time be found in any workhouse, warehouse, storehouse, room, or other place, by him, her, or them used in or for the making or keeping of mineral alkali whereof no such entry shall be made; provided also. That such owners, proprietors, or occupiers, do and shall from time to time pay and clear oft' all such duty as shall become due and payable for or in respect of the mineral alkali which he, she, or they shall from time to time make or manufacture,

p jpp 4 at

Penalty of 50l. for r^-fusing them entrance.

Duty not to extend to glauber salts produced in making mineral alkali, or flux for glass, and expended in making the same.

Owners or occupiers of brine springs in Long Benton, may make mineral alkali therefrom, on making entry of their works-honfes, See. at the excise office of the djltrict.

Penalty for not making such entry.

Dp

mineral alkali made^ to be paid according this act.

Offi^ei of excise may enter such work, h on fes, and take an account of the mineral alkali making or made

Penalty of 500l. on such owners or occupiers making common salt, or glauber salts, or having in their custody more than a certain quantity of each.

Act not to extend to kelp, Sec. made from plants.

jMo person concerned in any fa't mine; salt refinery, or salt works, to ai5t as a justice in any matter relating to salt.

The value of salt or rock fall to be taken at the be ft price at Pond on.

Per Tons taking fa lie oath-, to

Amro regal trieefitno pdtavo Georgxi III. c. 89. [1797.

at such times and under such penalties as in this act in that behalf prescribed.

CXXV\ And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any officer or officers of excise from time tq time, and at all times by day cr night, upon his or their request, to enter into and upon all and every the workhouses, warehouses, storehouses, rooms, and other places respectively made use of by any such owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, or occupier or occupiers, for the making or manufacturing mineral alkali from such water or brine as aforesaid, and by weighing, gauging, or otherwise, to take an account of all the mineral alkali which shall at any time be making of mapufadtur? ing, or made or manufadkired therein.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any such owner, proprietor, or occupier shall at any time make or manufacture any common salt, or any salts called or known by the name of Glauber or Epsom Salts, or shall at any time knowingly have ip his, her, or their custody, or in any house or place to him, her, or them belonging, any common salt exceeding the quantity of twobushels, or any Glauber or Epsom salts exceeding the quantity of one pound, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise, and such owner, proprietor, or occupier, shall also forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds.

CXXVII. And be it farther enacted, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the manufacture of kelp, barilla, or flux for glass, made in any part of Great Britain, by the incineration of marine or any other plants.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no person whatsoever being a maker or refiner of salt, or rock salt, or proprietor'of, or in any wise interested or concerned in any salt mine, salt pit, salt refinery, or salt work, shall, during ffich time as he shall be a maker or refiner of salt, or rock salt, or be so interested or concerned 117 making salt, or a proprietor of, or in anywise interested or concerned in any salt mine, salt pit, salt refinery, cr salt work, act as a justice of the peace in any matter or thing whatsoever, which shall anywise concern the excution of the powers or authorities'given or granted by this or any other act or acts of parliament now in force or hereafter to be made, relating to salt; and if any person or persons shall, contrary tq the true intent apd meaning of this act, presume to exercise any such powers or authorities, or to do any act authorised by any such act or acts of parliament, to be done by any justice or justices of the peace, all such acts so executed or done by such person shall be null and void to all intents and purposes.

CXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in alj cases where by this act it shall or may be necessary to ascertain or settle the value of any salt, or rock salt, such value shall be deemed and taken to be according to the best and highest price at which salt, or rock salt, (as the case may require), shall fell for in London.

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That any person or persons

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. 931

p.ersons who shall be convicted of wilfully taking a false oath in be liable to 3ny of the cases in which an oath is required to be taken by this corrupt3 act, shall be liable to the pains and penalties to which persons are perjury# liable for wilful and corrupt perjury.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons forg-persons whatsoever shall counterfeit or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged any certificate or debenture, in any case tQ be t^an^r in which a certificate or debenture is by this act required to be ported for used, given, or granted, with intent to defraud his Majesty of (even years, his just duties, every person so offending, and being thereof duly an^ J'f they copviiffed, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall for such f^ras ° his, her, or their offence be transported as a felon or felons for the felons with*-space of seven years, in such manner as felons are appointed to out benefit be transported by an act made in the twenty-fourth year of his of clergy, present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to authorise the removal of prisoners in certain cases, and to amend tfye laws respecting the transportapon of offenders*, and if any such offender or offenders (half return into Great Britain before the expiration of the said seven years, he, she, or they so returning shall suffer as a felon or felons, and have execution awarded against him, her, or them, as persons attainted of felony, without benefit of clergy.

CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any p.erson or persons shall knowingly or willingly give any false or untrue g^n'g fa[fe permit, in any case in which a permit is by this ^dt required permits, &c. to be used, or given or granted, or shall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any such false or untrue permit \yith any salt, or rock salt, removed or to be removed as aforesaid, or if any person or persons shall fraudulently alter or erase apy such permit after the same shall have been given or granted by the proper officer of excise, or if any person or persons shall knowingly or willingly publish or make use of any such permit so counterfeited, forged, false, untrue, altered, or erased as aforesaid, every person or persons so offending shall, for each and every such offence, fcyerally forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds.

CXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or Penalty for persons whatsoever shall resist, oppose, molest, obstruct, or hinder officerfof^he any officer or officers of the customs or excise in the due execution customsor of this or any other act or acts of parliament in force at the excise, or for commencement of this act, or thereafter to be made, relating to rescuing lait, or rock salt, or of any of the powers or authorities by any elzures* such act or acts of parliament given or granted to any such officer or officers, or shall by force or violence, after any such officer or officers shall have feezed any salt, or rock salt, forfeited by any such adjt 01* adis of parliament, or any ship, vessel, boat, horse, cattle, cart, or other carriage, forfeited by any such act or acts of parliament, for being made use of in the removal, carriage, or conveyance of any such salt, or rock salt, refeue or cause to be refeued any such salt, or rock salt, ship, vessel, boat, horse, cattle, cart, or carriage, or shall attempt or endeavour so to do, all and every such person or persons so offending shall, for each

and

Penalty of 500). ior bribing or

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. [1797.

and every such offence, for which no penalty is particularly provided by this act, severally forfeit, the sum of two hundred pounds.

CXXXIV\ And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons whatsoever shall give or offer to give any bribe, recom-attempting to pence, or reward whatsoever, to any officer or officers of the bribe officers customs or excise, to connive at or to permit any salt, or rock ore^ecil^ft0inS to run oa ^ore5 or to connive at any false or short entry

*of any salt, or rock salt, or shall give or offer to give any bribe,

recompence, or reward whatsoever, in order to corrupt, persuade, or prevail upon any such officer or officers, either to do or perform any act or acts, thing or things whatsoever, contrary to the duty of such officer or officers, in the execution of this or any other act or acts of parliament in force at the commencement of this act, or thereafter to be made, relating to salt, or rock salt, or either of them, or to neglect to do or perform any act or acts, thing or things whatsoever, belonging or appertaining to the business or duty of such officer or officers, in the execution of any such act or acts of parliament, or to connive at or conceal any fraud or frauds relating to the duties on salt, or rock salt, or not to discover the same, all and every such person or persons so offending shall, for each and every such offence, whether such offer or proposal be accepted or not, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds.

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That all outstanding arrears of the duties by this act repealed, which shall have arisen or been charged, on all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, which shall have been incurred or adjudged in rotation to any such duties, before the commencement of this act, shall be paid to, and shall be received, distributed, and accounted for by the corn? missioners of excise in England and Scotland respectively; and all legal and just outstanding claims, for or in respect of any draw- back, discount, allowance, or bounty, which shall have arisen or become due in relation to any such duties before the commencement of this act, shall be adjusted, settled, paid, and accounted for by the said commissioners of excise in England and Scotland respectively, out of any money in their hands arising by the duties by this act imposed-: provided always nevertheless, That no such claim, for or in respect of any such drawback, discount, allowance or bounty, shall be allowed or paid, unless the same shall be made within six months next after the commencement of this act.

CXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures imposed by any act or acts of parliament in force immediately before the passing of this act, and relating tq the duties on salt, and not recovered, and also all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this act, shall be sued for, recovered^ levied, or mitigated by such ways, means, or methods, as an^ fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record

Arrears of duties repealed, penalties incurred before commencement of this act, drawbacks, ixe. to be adjusted by the com-

nsiffiotiers of excite.

Recovery and application of penalties.

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. 933

record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that save and except in such cases where it is otherwise expressly directed by this act) one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who will inform, discover, or sue for the same.

CXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all monies Duties to be drifting by the said duties by this act granted or imposed (the confoUdate^ necessary charges of raffing and accounting for the same excepted) fuaci# shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

CXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and Application of after the tenth day of October one thoqfand seven hundred and the duties, ninety-eight, out of the monies arising from the duties on salt hereby granted, the sum of one hundred and one thousand five hundred and fifty-five pounds, being one fourth part of the sum of four hundred and six thousand two hundred and twenty pounds, the annual average produce for six years, ending the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, of the said duties on salt, shall quarterly, on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October, in every year, during the period of ten years, be set apart from the remainder of the monies arising from the said rates and duties, and that the said remainder of the said duties shall, during the said period of ten years, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, dillindlly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; and that the said remainder of the said rates and duties so paid into the said receipt, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the increased charge occasioned by any loan to be made or flock created by virtue of any act passed or to be parted in this section of parliament; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books., in which the said remainder of the monies arising from the said rates and duties, shall, together with the monies arising from any other rates and duties granted in this felllon of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

CXXXIX. And whereas, by several acts of parliament in force immediately before the passing of this act, and relating to the duties on salt, certain pcwers and authorities were given to the collectors and other officers of the duties on salt, and such collectors and officers respectively by the said acts were authorised and required to make seizures of salt and other articles forfeited by the said acts, and to do, perform, and execute divers other acts, matters, and things, for the purpose of regulating the collection of the duties by this act repealed, and for preventing and detecting of frauds relating the reto: and

whereas

934 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. [1797.

whereas it is expedient that such of the said powors and authorities as are not repealed, revoked, or altered or controlled by this act, or not repugnant to any of the provisions herein contained, be given to, and in future exercised, practised, and put in execution by the collectors and officers of ex rife, and the officers of excise should be authorised and required to male such seizures, and to do, perform, and execute all fuel.b acts, matters, and things, for the reguhting the colie ft ion of the duties by this act imposed in lieu of the said duties so repealed, and for preventing and detesting frauds relating to the said duties by this act From O6t. 10, imposed: be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the tenth day of October one thousand seven bunded and ninety-eight, it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective collectors v and other officers of excise, and such collectors and other officers as were given are hereby authorised and required to make such seizures, and to to officers of exercise, praClife, and put in execution such of the said powers and authorities respectively as are not repealed, revoked, altered, or controlled by this act, or not repugnant to any of the provisions herein contained, and to do, perform, and execute, all such acts, matters, and things, for the regulating the collection of the duties by this act imposed, and for preventing and detecting frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as the respective collectors and other officers of the duties on salt by this act repealed might have done immediately before the passing of this act:; and that all and every person and persons who shall obstruCf, molest, impede, let or hinder, any such collector or other officer of excise in the due execution of any of the said powers or authorities, shall, for every such offence, be subject and liable to such penalty or penalties respectively, as are in and by the said respective acts imposed for such offence committed on any collector or otfier officer of the duties on salt.

repcal°or alter CXL. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this act and acts in contained shall extend, or be deemed or confirmed to extend, to force immedi- repeal or alter any act or acts of parliament in force immediately atfT before before the passing of this act relating to the duties on salt, or any relating to the clauses or provisoes therein contained, save and except the

1798, officers of the excise may exercise inch powers

the salt duties by ad's m force before puffing this act, and are not hereby repealed or altered.

duties on salt, ex t pt so far as hereby repealed or altered.

said duties, drawbacks, discounts, bounties, and allowances respectively by this act expressly repealed, and save and except so far as any fuel) act or ats, or the clauses, provisions, powers, or authorities therein contained or granted are repealed, revoked, altered, or controlled by this present act, or repugnant to any of thp provisions herein contained, but that all and singular the said former acts, and the several provisions, rules, regulations, powers, and authorities therein contained Qr granted, and the pains^ penalties, and forfeitures incurred, or thereby imposed or provided for any breach or non-obfqrvance of the same, except as aforesaid, shall remain and continue in as full force and effect as if this act had not been made; any thing herein to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CXLI. And whereas the of and officers who, before and at the trine of puffing this act, were employed in the colie ft ion and

management

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89.' 935

management of the duties for or in respect of salt, are or will he by

this act deprived of their employments, and the salaries and emoluments 4

arising therefrom; and it is expedient that some compensation should

he made to such of and officers respectively for the loss of such their salaries and emoluments; be it further enacted, That it His Majesty shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, may chredt the

by warrant under his or their sign manual, to direct, during of excise

pleasure, the commissioners of excise to pay to such of p^y to the

and officers respectively of the salt duties, out of the revenue of commissioners

excise, such yearly allowances as his Majesty, his heirs and anc1 officers

successors, shall judge fit, so as no allowance to any such com- on fist allow8

missioner or officer of the salt duties respectively shall exceed the -mccs not

yearly amount of the faliry and emolument of which he or they exceeding

is, are, or shall by this act be so deprived, and so as the whole of their salaries

such allowance do not exceed the sum of twenty-one thousand and

J merits,

pounds.

CXLII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the All powers of powers, directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, 12 Car. 2. and things, which, in ard by an act, made in the twelfth year of ex^d to this the reign of King Charks the Second, intituled An act for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights fegvice and purveyances and settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise, are provided and established for managing levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, adjudging, or acertaining, the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such cases for which other penalties or provisions are madeand prescribed by this act), shall be practised, used, and put it execution, in and for the managing, rafsing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying, the said duties upon ftlt and rock salt hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if all and every the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present act.

CXLIII. And for the preventing of exactions upon sale offait in this kingdom, and to have the rates and prices thereof ascertained, be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, J^orand the lord mayor and court of aldermen of the city of London, shall Mermen of and may and are hereby required, when and as often as they London, and shall think necessary, to set, ascertain, and duly publish, certain the justices reasonable rates and prices upon all salt to be sold or exposed to f^ffion^to sale, and not intended for exportation, in the city of London, and set the price precindls thereof, aijd the bills of mortality; and that the respective of salt fold, justices of the peace for the respective counties, ridings, divisions, and not cities, and places,: n Great Britain, shall and may and are hereby intended foi* required, as often as they respectively shall think necessary, at the " P°r l° several and respecti/e general sessions of the peace, for the tespective counties, ridings, divisions, cities, and places, wherein they are or shall be justices of the peace, to set, ascertain, and duly publish, certain reasonable rates and prices upon ali salt to be sold or exposed b sale, and not intended for exportation*

Penalty for idling salt at a higher than the fixed price, or refuting to fell at that price.

Application ot penalty.

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 96. [1797.

within the respective^.'counties, ridings, divisions, cities, and places, wherein they are or shall be justices of the peace, and that the lord mayor of London, and the said court of aldermen, in the court of aldermen, and the said respective justices of the peace of the respective counties, ridings, divisions, cities, and places aforesaid, at the several and respe6Hve general sessions of the peace for the said respective counties, ridings, dmfions, cities, and places wherein they are or shall be justices of the peace, shall and may, and are hereby required from time to time, (if necessary), at the several and respective general sessions of the peace for the said counties, ridings, divisions, cities, and places, by writing, duly made and published, to alter arjd correct the rates and prices of all salt to be sold and exposed to sale, and not intended for exportation, in the said respective places; and the rates and prices which shall be so set, ascertained, altered, and corrected, are hereby directed and required to be observed, accepted, received, and taken by all and every person and persons felling or exposing to sale nny lait, not intended for exportation, within Great Britain; and if any person or persons shall fell any salt, not intended for exportation, at any higher price or rate, or refuse to fell any salt, not intended for exportation, at the prices and rates so fixed as aforesaid, such person and persons so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to be levied out of the goods and chattels of such offender or offenders, by distress and sale thereof, by warrant under the hand and seal of the lofd mayor or one of the aldermen of the city of London, or of an^ justice or justices of the peace for the place or places wherein such offence shall be committed or distress shall be to be mlde, and in default of sufficient distress for the same, it shall ard may be lawful, by warrant under the hand and seal from the lord mayor or one of, the aldermen of the city of London, or from any such justice of the peace as aforesaid, to imprison the said offeider or offenders, until such offender or offenders shall pay the said sum of twenty pounds, one moiety of which sum shall be pad to the use of our sovereign lord the King, and the other npiety thereof to such person or persons as shall inform and prosecute for the same as N aforesaid.

CAP. XC.

An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the fim of one million for the uses and purposes therein mentioned, and for Applying a certain sum erf money therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; for further appropriating the supplies; granted in this session of parliament; and for iiaking forth duplicates! of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, ? or other orders, left, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

[June 29, 1798.]

Commissioners of the treasury may raise i, oooo, oocl. by loans or exchequer bills before Jan. 5, 1799, as prescribed by the malt ad of this session. Exchequer bills with interest, &c. to be paid oit of the first supplies of next session, and if sufficient be not granted by J\ly 5, 1799? then out of the consolidated fusel, In case of fiivafion, the bank may advance the

money

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. go.

money authorised by this act. 62, 755b 10s. paid to the bank on account of the paymaster general, may be issued towards the supply for 1798. Mo* nies raised by the malt duties, land tax, exchequer bills, aid for the prosecution of the war, further exchequer bills, annuities, lottery, additional exchequer bills, exchequer bills, and 62, 755b 10s. paid to the bank on account of the paymaster general, with the residue from sale of French prizes, to be applied to the uses hereafter expressed. 13, 449, 388b 19s. 7d. for naval services for 1798, viz. 2, 645, 500b for wages of iro, 000-men, including 20, 000 marines. 2, 717, 000b for their viduals. 4, 290, 000b for wear and tear of ships. 357>5oob for sea service ordnance. 1, 200, 000b for transport service and maintenance of prisoners. 689, 858b 19s. 7d. for ordinary of the navy, including half pay. 639, 530b for buildings and repairs of ships and extra works. 910, 000b for 10, 000 additional men. 1, 073, 885b 13s. 9d. for land service of the ordnance for 1798. 5, 726b 9s. 2d. for the same in 1796. 114, 855b 8s. 6d. for sea service of the ordnance in

1796. 96, 571b 4s. lod. for the same in 1797. 10, 587b 17s. nd. to make compensation for lands purchased in Kent and Devon, pursuant to 34 Geo. 3. c. 76. and 1, 953b ns. nd. to make compensation for Losses sustained in Kent, in consequence of that act. 2, 000, 000b for his Majesty's service in Ireland. 32, 852, 815b 4s. nd. for land forces in 1798, viz. 1, 699, 450b 7s. 3d. for 48, 609 effective men, officers, See. in Great Britain, Jersey and Guernsey. 1, 025, 536b 19s. 6d. for forces in the plantations, Gibraltar, Portugal, the Cape of Good Hope and New South Wales. 78, 226b 4s. 3d. for difference between British and Irish pay for fix regiments abroad. 20, 244b os. id. for recruiting the regiments in East India. i8o, ooool. for recruiting, contingencies and extra feed for cavalry. 89, 723b 19s. 3d. for general, staff and hospital officers in Great Britain, Guernsey and Jersey. 1, 417, 179b 10s. 50l. for militia in South Britain, and fencible infantry in Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, Sciily and Man. 40, 000b for contingencies for militia and fencibles in Great Britain. 116, 267l. 3s, 9d. for cloathing for the militia in South Britain. 404, 570b 4s. id. for fencible cavalry in Great Britain. 25, 000b for their extra feed. 33, 4631.13s iod. for full pay to supernumerary officers., 108, 582b 14s. iod. for the paymaster general, commissary general, &c. 140, 000b for quartering soldiers. 163, 874b 16s. 8d. for reduced officers of the land and marine forces. 125b 3s. 4d. for reduced and superannuated gentlemen of the horle guards, iooool. for officers late in the service of the states general. 52, 500. upon account of reduced officers of the British American forces, and 7, 500b for allowances to them. 116, 167b 4s. 3d. for the out pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and 26, 547b 17s. 6d. for the in pensioners there. 12, 954b 15s. 3d. for widows pensions. 1, 315, 708b for the supplementary militia. 130, 000b for provisional cavalry. 350, 000b for volunteer corps. 520, 717b for the barrack department. 226, 083b ns. 5d. for foreign corps. 1, 351, 391b 19s. 3d* for army extraordinaries, from Dec- 25, 1796, to Dec. 24, 1797. 3, 206, 000b for army extraordinaries for 1798. 3, 500, 000b for discharg-

ing exchequer bills made out under 37 Geo. 3. c. 114. '10, 043b 6s. 4d. issued pursuant to addresses of the house of commons. 7, 150b for the civil establishment of Upper Canada. 5, 915b for the civil establishment of Nova Scotia in America. 4, 550b for the civil establishment of New Brunswick in America. 1, 900b for the civil establishment of the iffarfd of Saint John in America. 1, 840b for the civil establishment of the illaud of Cape Breton in America. 1, 2321. 10s. for the civil establishment of the island of Newfoundland. 4, 100b for the civil establishment of the Bahama islands. 580b for the civil establishment of the Bermuda or Somers islands. 600b for the civil establishment of the island of Dominica. 6, 157b 2S. for the civil establishment of New South Wales. 13, 000b for forts in Africa. i68*oooob for relief of the refugee clergy and laity of France. 44, 000b for American Loyalists. 150, 000b for his Majesty's secret service abroad. 36, 000b to pay bills from New South Wales. 33, 325b 17s. 3d. for expences of convicts at home. 2, 500b for repairs of Douglas Harbour in the iffle of Man. 3, 000b for the board of agriculture, 20o^oooob towards the reduction of the national debt.

49, 9731c

1

TO

8 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 91, 92. [1797.

49, 9781. 7s. 6d. for part of orders made out pursuant to 30 Geo. 3. c. 34. for the relief of American sufferers. 10, 000l. for the Levant company.,

3.0001. for the British Museum. 7, 000b for printing for the house of commons. 13, 2501. 18s. for expences of the mint. 2, 0241. os. 9d. for prosecution of" coiners. 2, 6ool. for expences on account of the alien adh,

15.0001. for works and repairs at SomeHet Place. 38, 2221. 7s. 6d. for excess above money granted for fecfet service abroad last session. 12, 677b i 2S. id. for excess above money granted for the differing clergy and laity of France. i, ooool. to William Pollock, esq. for expences under the alien act. 17, 0731. is. 3d. to pa^7 bills drawn from New South Wales. 282l.

17s. 6d. for ventilating the house of lords. 2, 542b tos. 6d. for fitting up houses for the speaker of the house of commons, and the serjeant at arms. 261b 15s. 6d. to Henry Barlow, esq. for his attendance during the trial of Mr. Haltings. 547b 12s. to Robert Iiudson, esq. for collecting papers for an appendix to the evidence on Mr. Hasting's trial. 260b 15s. 6d. for rent of the parliament office. 422b 16s. for attendance on committees of the lords and commons. 472l. 17s. for publishing in the Gazette weekly returns of the average price of brown sugar. 360b os. 3d.-the excess above the sum granted last session for printing for the house of commons. 3, 338b 17s. 8d. zq. the excess above the sum granted for expences of convicts at home. 800b is. for making a survey at Somerset Place. 98b 19s. to Mr. Soane, for journeys to examine the state of the King's house at Winchester. 1, 500b for the Veterinary college. 38, 516b 16s. 2d. 2q. awarded under the American treaty. 3, 3871. 13s. 3d. for better securing Plymouth. 4, 500b for roads and bridges in North Britain. Supplies not to be issued for any other than the purposes before mentioned. Rules to be observed in the application of the sums granted for half pay. By 37 Geo. 3.0. 144. 118, 874b 16s. 8d. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers for 1797, the overplus of which may be disposed of to officers maimed, &c. in his Majesty's service. Duplicates of exchequer bills, &c. loft, may be made out on affidavits before the barons of the exchequer.

Cap. xcr.

An act for raising the sum of three millions by loans or exchequer bills. — *' { [June 29, 1798.]

Commissioners of the treasury may raise 3, 000, 000b by loans and exchequer bills, before OCR 10, 1798, in like manner as is prescribed by the malt act of this session concerning loans, &c. Exchequer bills so ifined not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 5, 1799. Action not to lie for stich refusal. Principal and interest with charges to be repaid out of the first supplies granted next feffioti. Bank of England authorised to advance the said liim on the credit of this; notwithstanding the act 5 and 6 Gul. & Mariae, or 38 Geo. 3. c. 1.

CAP. xcii.

An Act to revive, continue until the tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and amend an act, passed in the la]} session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on diitilleries in the several parts of the highlands of Scotland therein particularly described for a limited time, and for regulating the duties on distilleries in, f the respective districts in Scotland; and for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on spirits dislilledfor consumptiorij and a duty on unmalted grain used in disiillation, in Scotland; and for altering and amending certain other aids of parliament for the regulation of dislillcries in Scotland.

[June 29, 1798.]

Most

939

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. gz.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act was made, in the last session of parliament,

intituled An act for granting to his Majesty additional 3 7 Geo. 3. duties On distilleries in the several parts of the highlands of Scot- re-

land herein particularly described, for a limited time, and for regulating the duties on distilleries in the respective districts in Scotland; which was to continue in force until one ?nontb after the commencement of the present session of parliament: and whereas by two acts, made in this present session of parliament, the said recited act was further continued until the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight: and whereas it is proper and expedient that the said first recited act should be revived and further continued, and that the same should be explained, altered, and amended, and that certain additional duties should be i?nposed upon British spirits distilled in Scotland for consumption in that part of the kingdom, and now in the flock, custody, or possesson of any disliller, dealer, or retailer, and also upon all spirits that fall be distilled for that purpose before a certain period, and that a duty should be imposed upon all 'unmalted grain used for distillation in Scotland, and that certain regulations and provisions should be made for better securing the said duties, as well as the former duties upon spirits, and upon licences for distilling spirits, and for the preventing of fraud and evasion thereof: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said first: Recited act recited act, and all the duties thereby imposed, and all the ^tV^'e^n^n powers and provisions therein contained (except as herein after I0

excepted) and altered, shall, from and after the first day of May 1799. '

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, be revived, and the same is hereby revived, and shall continue in force until the tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

II. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, A further levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, ^xcftetVbe his heirs and successors, a further duty of excise of one shilling paid upon for and upon every gallon Englifo wine measure of British) spirits, every gallon raw, rectified, or compounded, of the strength of one to ten °/British Ipi-over hydrometer proof, and so in proportion for any higher or °n

lower degree of strength, which shall have been distilled for vey Uponlor consumption in Scotland, and which shall be, or shall have7 been after June 13, found, on the first actual survey, by the proper officer of excise,798> the upon or after the thirteenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in the stock, custody, or possession Scotland*of any distiller, redifier, compounder, dealer in or retailer of

spirits, in any part of Scotland; to be paid by such distiller, redifier, compounder, dealer, or retailer, over and above the licence duty on the capacity or content of the still, which has been paid, or become payable, by any distiller, for or in respect of the distillation of such spirits.

Vol. XU. IIL And

940 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 92.

[1797? and upon

III. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised,

fv5-rvon.levied, cohered, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, which on, ana, ., '-r 5, r r r n

from and his heirs and lucceiiors, a further duty or excile or one milling

after that day, for and upon every gallon English wine measure of British spirits, of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and so in proportion for any higher or lower degree of strength, which on, and from and after the said thirteenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and until the tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine exclusive, shall have been and shall be distilled in any part of the lowlands of Scotland, for consumption in Scotland, or shall have been or shall be distilled for such-consumption within certain other parts of Scotland particularly described in the herein after mentioned act of the thirty-third year, and in the herein-before recited act of the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, not exceeding the number of gallons herein after limited and restricted to be distilled on and from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, until the said tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, by or from each still within the boundaries therein mentioned; such duty to be paid by the distillers of the said spirits, over and above the licence duty on the still, which shall have been or shall be paid, or become payable, by fu9h distillers, for or in respect of the distillation of such spirits.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said additional duty by this act imposed on British spirits, as being found in the

until April 10, 1799, shall be distilled for consumption in Scotland in the lowlands, or certain parts delcvib-ed. in 33 Geo. 3. c. 61. and 37 Geo. 3. c. 102. not exceeding the quantity herein after limited to be distilled within a certain period.

Additional duties to be paid at certain times, on penalty of double the amount.

Excise officers may at any time enter ftiilhouses,

See. to take account of wash and spirits.

stock, custody, or possession of any distiller, rectifier, compounder, dealer, or retailer, shall be paid in manner following; that is to say. One fourth part on or before the fifth day of September one thousand, seven hundred and ninety-eight, one other fourth part thereof on or before the fifth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, one other fourth part thereof on or before the fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and the remaining fourth part thereof on or before the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, on pain of forfeiting double the amount of the said additional duty not so paid; and that the said additional duty by this act imposed on British) spirits, which shall be distilled from and after the passing of this act, until the said tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall be paid at the same times and in the same manner as the licence duty on the still is payable or paid by the distiller, for every next subsequent two months in the lowlands, and three months in the highlands respecti vely, on pain of forfeiting double the amount of the said additional duty not so paid.

V. And be it farther enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, the officers of excise, and each and every of them duly constituted and appointed, shall be, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, and have right by night or day to enter into and continue in every stillhouse, storehouse, warehouse, cellar, or other place made use of by any distiller,

rectifier,

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 92. 941

redlifier, or compounder, in any part of Scotland, for making or keeping wash or spirits, and by gauging, measuring, or otherwise, to take account of the quantity of wash and of spirits in the flock, custody, or possession of every such distiller, rectifier, or compounder, and also of the quantity of wash and of spirits which shall from time to time be brewed, or made, or distilled, redlified or compounded, by any such distiller, rediifier, or compounder, and to enter such account, as well of the wash as of the spirits, in a book or books to be kept by such officer or officers for that purpose.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the No spirits to passing of this act, no spirits that shall have been found in the he removed flock, custody, or possession of any distiller, redlifier, or com- p^m^on pounder, or that shall be afterwards distilled, redlified or com- ^ajn Gf its pounded by any distiller, redlifier, or compounder, shall be sent forfeiture, out of such flock, custody, or possession, or shall be removed the vef- from the house, building, or work wherein the same were made ^sum^equal or manufactured, redlified or compounded, or shall be carried to the duty, from one place to another, by land or by water, without a

permit, granted and signed by the proper officer of excise of the division, and specifying the rein, the quantity, quality, and strength of such spirits, and the package thereof, the person from whom, the person to whom, and the place where the same are to be sent, and limiting a reasonable time within which the said permit is to be in force, on pain of forfeiting all such spirits as shall be sent out, removed, or carried, or found removing or carrying, without such permit as aforesaid; which said spirits, with the casks, vessels, and other packages containing the same, and also the vessels and boats, horses, and other cattle and carriages made use of in the removal or conveyance thereof, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise, and shall be forfeited and lost, any law, custom, or usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and if any licensed distiller, rectifier, or compounder shall fend or carry, or knowingly permit or suffer to be sent or carried, any spirits from the house, building, or work wherein the same were made, manufactured, or redlified, or compounded, without such permit as aforesaid, every such distiller, redlifier, or compounder shall, over and above the forfeiture of the said spirits, forfeit and lose a sum equal to the duty chargeable or charged upon such spirits, in proportion to the quantity and strength thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Licensed dif-passing of this act, every licensed distiller in Scotland shall be re- yg/[othe^ex" quired and obliged, and he or she is hereby required and obliged, c^e officer a" to make and deliver to the proper officer of excise of the division weekly rein which his or her distillery is carried on, weekly and every turn of the week, a true return or declaration, in writing, signed by him

or her, of the respective quantities of malt, and of unmalted ma]ted grain grain, used by such licensed distiller at every rnash, and of the used at every quantity of spirits produced therefrom, which said declaration or math, and of return shall contain the true number of gallons and strength of

<^c^Q^2 the ° Plri8Plo'

94-2 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 92. [1797.

duced there- the spirits distilled in each day of such week, on pain of forfeit-^laltyof °nnS two hundred pounds, for every neglect or refusal

aoei. for neg- to niake or deliver such true return or declaration weekly and lect, or for every week, as aforesaid, and ihe like sum for every false return making a false or declaration that shall be made by any such distiller. rctLUil*

VIII. And whereas it is reasonable that all barley, bear, or bigg,

or other corn or grain which shall be nfed unmalted or raw, for the purpose of dif illation in Scotland, should pay the like duty as malt From Aug. now pays \ be it therefore further enabled. That, from and after officers of ejf t^le tent^ daY ^uZufi one thousand seven hundred and ninety-cife to take an eight, the officers of excise, and each and every of them, duly constituted and appointed, shall be, and they are hereby authorised, empowered, and required, from time to time, to measure and take an account of the exact quantity of all the malt, and also of all the barley, bear, or bigg, or other corn or grain unmalted or raw, which is to be used for the purpose of distillation, by any licensed distiller, in any part of Scotland., before the same

account of malt and raw corn to be distilled before ground down, and -charge the raw corn with the same dut or any Part there°f be grouncl down or put into the maffi

-./> k n /vo fho so tw/a /d 11 tTT fr* o H nnAn ottai-i? r

as malt.

tun, and to charge the same duty for and upon every buffiel of such barley, bear, or bigg, or other corn or grain unmalted or raw, as is chargeable or charged upon malt in Scotland, which duty shall be paid by every such distiller, at the same time, and in the same manner, and under the like provisions, penalties, and forfeitures, as the duty upon malt is payable or paid by him or her, if he or she is a maker of malt, or if such distiller is not a maker of malt, at the same time, and in the same manner, and under the like provisions, penalties, and forfeitures, as the additional duty upon spirits by this abt granted, is herein-before directed to be paid by such distiller; and if any licensed distiller rrindin -downn any Part ^c0^an^ from and after the said tenth day of

malt, 1 &c be- August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, grind down, fore an ac- or put into the mash tun, any malt, or any barley, bear, or count is taken, bigg, or other corn or grain unmalted or raw, before the same shall have been measured, and the account thereof taken by the proper officer of excise as aforesaid, he or she shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every licence for the distitlin£.

Penalty of 100L for

making, or manufacturing oflow wines or spirits, in

Licences for distilling in

o^Cforedtify- the lowlands of Scotland> or for the re&ifying, compounding, or ing in any mixing, of any kind of spirits, in any part of Scotland, which part of Scot- shall be granted or renewed upon or after the tenth day of Oc-o^renewe^ to^er one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight inclusive, upon or after (hah he and continue in force from the said tenth day of October Okt. 10, 1798, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight inclusive, to the to be in force tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine tjl^?anVthe exchffive; ar|d that upon or previous to the granting of any datvYo be such licence, the person or persons applying for the same shall, paid by instah before he, she, or they, be entitled to such licence, pay down merits. in advance, in ready money, to the proper officer of excise appointed to receive the same, one third part of the full sum payable under such licence, from the said tenth day of October one

943

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 92.

thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight inclusive, to the tenth day of December following, exclusive > and shall, on or before the said tenth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, pay down in ready money, in advance, one other third part; and shall, on or before the tenth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, pay down in ready money, in advance, the remaining third part of the said full sum, payable under such licence, from the said tenth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight inclusive, to the tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine exclusive.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Licences^may commissioners of excise in Scotland, to grant licences to all the °T

persons applying for the same, and duly recommended and qua- ihighlands, lifted to erect, keep, and work, stills in the highlands of Scot- within the land) within the respective counties, parts of counties, and limits, the

particularly specified and described in the before recited acts of recited acts of the thirty-third and thirty-seventh years of the reign of his pre- 33 & 37 Geo. sent Majesty, from the fifth day of July one thousand seven 3. from July hundred and ninety-eight inclusive, until the tenth day of April 5> to one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine exclusive, and no OIfpayment* longer, upon payment of the same, and no higher rate of duty of the same for or in respectt of such licences to which distillers, in the said duty as iin-respective districts, were subject and liable under the said last P0^ by the recited act, for the whole year, between the fifth day of July or

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and in the same proportion according to the time for which the said licences shall be granted and in force; that is to say, For the time between the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight inclusive, and the said tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine exclusive.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every distiller to whom be'

such licence as is herein-before last: mentioned shall be granted, deemed as shall be considered, deemed, and taken, as carrying on his or distilling from her business of distilling or drawing off spirits from the barley, barley, &c. of bear, or bigg, of the growth of the several and respective coun-

ties, or parts of counties, in the said acts mentioned, under the mentioned in several conditions, regulations, provisions, penalties, and for the recited feitures, which were contained and enacted in the said lass re- acts, &c. cited act of the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, hereby revived and continued, except in so far as the same is altered or amended by this present act.

XII. And whereas by the herein-before last recited act of the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, it was enabled.,

'That when the additional composition duty, after the rate of six pounds and ten findings, imposed by that act, should be paid by a fill of forty galions, such duty should be held to be a composition for the duty on dry malt to the extent of five hundred bolls Linlithgow measure, or three thousand bufihels, and no more; and when the additional composition duty, after the rate of four pounds, imposed by that fioould be paid

S44

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 92. [1797.

for a fiill of forty galions, such duty should be held to be a composition for the duty on dry malt to the extent of four hundred and fifty bolls Linlithgow measure, or two thousand seven hundred bushels, and no more; and when any such composition duty should be paid for any Jlill cf a lesser size, the like proportion should be observed as to the quantity of malt for which such duty fljould be held to be a cotnpofilion: and whereas it is expedient to discontinue the said exemptions from the duty on malt; be it farther enacted, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the said exemptions shall cease and determine, and be altogether discontinued and abolished; and that, for and upon ail malt which shall be made or used by any difliller paying the composition lame duties to duties herein-before mentioned, there shall be paid by such dif-be paid as by tiller the same duties to which any entered maltster shall be liable by the laws of excise.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when the licence duty after the rate of nine pounds, shall be paid for or upon each gallon of a {fill of forty gallons content, such duty shall be held to be the licence duty on the spirits manufactured in such still, titles of spirits from 3nd alter the aforesaid fifth day of July one thousand seven

Compositions for duty on malt settled by 37 Geo. 3. c. loi.clause 11. to cease from July 5, 1798, and the

maitfters.

Licence duties on itills to be held to be! the duty on certain quan

manufactured therein, within a certain period; and for every gallon above those quantities, a duty to be paid of 3s.

Licence duties to be taken as the duties on ft ills for fix working days in the week,

hundred and ninety-eight, until the aforesaid tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to the extent of two thousand five hundred and thirty-eight gallons English wine measure of spirits, of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and no more; and when the licence duty, after the rate of six pounds and ten'shillings shall be paid for or upon each-gallon of a fiill of forty gallons content, such duty shall be held to be the licence duty on the spirits manufactured in such still, from and after the aforesaid fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, until the aforesaid tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to the extent of two thousand two hundred and eighty-four gallons English wine measure of spirits, of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and no more; and when any such licence duties shall be respectively paid for any still of a lesser size, the like proportion shall be observed respectively as to the quantity of spirits for which such licence duties shall be held to have been paid; and that for and upon all spirits which shall be manufactured from such licensed stills between the days aforesaid, over and above the respective quantities aforesaid, there shall be paid by every such difliller a duty at and after the rate of three shillings for each gallon of such surplus spirits of the strength aforesaid, over and above the said respective licence duties.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the licence duties imposed upon the capacity or content of all stills used in Scotland, shall, from and after the pasting of this act, be held, deemed, and taken as the licence duties on stills for fix working days in the week only throughout the year for which such licence shall be

an^]tn rked granted, exclusive of Sundays; and that if any difliller or distillers the'distil?er to Aall work or charge any still or stills on the Lord's day, com-fbrfeit 500l. monly called Sunday, that is to say, That if any still or stills shall not

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 92. 945

not be completely discharged and worked oft' at or before eleven of the clock on Saturday night, and shall not continue silent or uncharged till one of the dock on Monday morning following, or if any ft ill or stills shall be found charged, or at work, or filled with any thing other than water, between the hours of eleven of the clock on Saturday night and one of the clock on Monday morning throughout the year, then every such distiller or distillers shall forfeit and lose the sum of five hundred pounds for each offence, and for every time any still or stills shall on Sunday, or between the hours aforesaid, be so worked or charged; any custom or usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding,

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Persons now lawful for any person or persons now Iieenfed by the comm if- Jjf^sioners of excise, to erect, keep, and work, any still or stills for lowlands fpi» the distilling, making, or manufacturing of low wines or spirits rits for con-in the lowlands of Scotland, for consumption in Scotland, to fumption in deliver up his, her, or their licence or licences, to the said com- j^otl then-"^ missioners, or to the proper supervisor of the district or officer oflicences va-the division, to be vacated at any time after the passing of this cated before aCi, and before the tenth day of October one thousand seven Od. 10, 179S, hundred and ninety-eight, on giving to the said of, an^ rec?*ve a supervisor, or officer, at least ten days previous notice, in writing, retiirn^of the signed by such person or persons, of such intention, whereupon, duty.

and at the end of the said ten days, the said of, supervisor, or officer, shall, and they are hereby respectively authorised to vacate the same, and every such person or persons shall be entitled to a return of a part of the licence duty paid thereupon for the present year, in proportion to the period of such year then unexpired, and shall be, and they are hereby fully indemnified, freed, and discharged, from any further payment of duty for or upon such licence or licences during the remainder of the said year, and from any penalty, forfeiture, action, suit, or prosecution, for or by reason of his, her, or their having discontinued to work any still or stills under the authority of such licence or licences, after the same shall have been delivered up and vacated as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Persons li-lawful for any person or persons Iieenfed by the said commissioners of excise, to erect, keep, and work any still or stills for JancJs for Con-the distilling, making, or manufacturing of low wines or spirits fumption in in the lowlands of Scotland, for consumption in Scotland., or for Scotland, or the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any kind of spirits in a° any part of Scotland, between the tenth day of October one Scotland, °or thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and the tenth day of to distil in the April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, or for any highlands^ person or persons Iieenfed by the said commissioners of excise, to erect, keep, and work stills in the highlands of Scotland, between ods, on proper the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety- notice, have eight, and the tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and their licences ninety-nine, to deliver up his, her, or their licence or licencesvvacatec*> to the said of, or to the proper supervisor of the district

946 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 92. [1797.

diHridl or officer of the division, to be vacated upon the condition herein after expressed, and at the time or times herein after particularly mentioned; that is to say, Every such person or persons intending to deliver up his, her, or their licence or licences, to be vacated, shall give to the said of, supervisor, or officer, one calendar month's previous notice in writing, fizned by such person or persons, of such intention, before he, she, or they shall be entitled to discontinue the working of his, her, or their (till or Hills, licensed as aforesaid, and thereupon the said of, supervisor, or officer, shall, and they are hereby respectively authorised to vacate the said licence or licences, but not sooner, or at any other time or times than at and from the end of any two calendar months in the lowlands, and of any three calendar months in the highlands of Scotland, for which said two months or three months respectively, the licence duty has been actually paid in advance by such person or persons, and in that case the proportion of the licence duty payable for or in respect of such Hill or Hills, for the unexpired time of his, her, or their licences, during which the working of the said Hill or Hills shall be discontinued, shall not be charged or chargeable upon, or payable or paid by such person or persons who shall have given such notice as aforesaid, and ceased to work the said still or Hills from and after the time specified in such notice; that is to say, Only at the end of the two months or three months respectively herein-before mentioned.

On or before

XVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the diulllers passing of this aiH, and on or before the twentieth day of July thehfwlands one tb°u^and seven hundred and ninety-eight, it shall and may for confmiip- be lawful for any person or persons licensed as aforesaid, as a tion in Scot- difliller or diHiliers, or maker or makers of spirits, in the lowlands have their °* ^co^anch for consumption in Scotland, to deliver in his, her, or licences va- their licence to the said of, or supervisor, or officer of cated in part, excise, to be vacated in part by ceasing, from and after the said and an abate- twentieth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-Sade°fdUty eiShb to wor^ one entire still where two or more stills have been entered by and licensed to such distiller or distillers, or by ceasing to work two entire Hills where three or more Hills have been entered by and licensed to such distiller or diHiliers, and to continue to work the other or others of such Hills, or by reducing or leffiening the capacity or content of any Hdl or Hills at present licensed as aforesaid, by cutting down the same to a lesser capacity or content, or by substituting a Hill or Hills of a lesser capacity or content in place of any Hill or Hills at present licensed, upon previous notice, in writing, signed by such distiller or distillers being given, on or before the day aforesaid, of the intention to cease working one or more Hill or Hills, and to continue to work the other or others of such Hills from and after that day, or to reduce or leffien the capacity or content of any Hill or Hills at present licensed, or to substitute a lesser Hill or Hills in place thereof; and in either of these events it shall and may be lawful for such of, or supervisor, or officer of excise respectively,

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 92. 947

and they are hereby required to indorse the same on the back of such licence, specifying, in such indorsement, the content of such dill or dills respectively, and distinguishing such as is or are intended to be worked from such as is or are not intended to be worked after the time before limited, or the content of such dill or dills as is or are intended to be reduced or lessened, or changed as aforesaid, and also the content of such dill or dills as shall have been reduced, or lessened, or lubdituted as aforesaid, and to redeliver such licence to such distiller or didiilers, or maker or makers of spirits, with such indorsement thereupon, and which indorsement on such licence shall be deemed to vacate

such licence in such part only as relates to the dill or dills which shall cease to be worked, or shall be reduced, lessened, or changed, as aforesaid; and an abatement of licence duty shall be made on such last mentioned dill or dills only, from the day or days on which the said dill or dills shall have ceased to be worked, or shall have been reduced, lessened, or changed, as aforesaid.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no dill so reduced, lessened, cut down, or fubdituted as aforesaid, (hah be used or employed either for the diddling of wash or of low wines, unless the capacity or content thereof, including the head, shall, after, such reduction or change, be at the lead forty gallons English wine measure or upwards.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any distiller shall, after the pading of this act, and before the tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, discontinue the working of any licensed dill or dills under any of the provisions and conditions herein-before enacted and contained, every such distiller shall immediately take down the said dill or dills, and demolish the furnace or furnaces thereof; and shall also deposit with the officer of excise of the division in which such dill or dills was or were worked, the head and worm of the said dill, or heads and worms of the said dills, to be by him securely kept until the same shall be again licensed to be worked; and if any such distiller shall neglect or refuse to take down the said dill or dills, or to demolish the furnace or furnaces thereof, or to deposit the head or heads, worm or worms, of such dill or dills as before directed, or shall use or employ the body or bodies of such dill or dills in the diddling of low wines or spirits before the same shall be again duly licensed for that purpose, every such distiller diall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of excise in Scotland, and the officer or officers ailing under them, or by their authority, for the licensing of dills, to grant licences to any person or persons in the lowlands of Scotland, between the said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight inclusive, and the said tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine exclusive, to erect, keep, and work, one dill of a content or capacity in the body thereof and exclusive of the head, not Ids

than

No reduced kill of less content than 40 gallons to be used lor distilling wash or low wines.

If a distiller

discontinue working a still before April 10, 1799, he shall take it down and demolish the furnace, and depoht the head and worm with the excise officer.

Penalty of 200l. for neglect, or for uling the body of such Hill before licensing again.

Commissioners of excise in Scotland may authorise, within a certain period, persons in the lowl mds to diltil wash, low wines, or spirits, in flills containing 40 gallons.

948

But no licence to be granted within that time for a wath and a low wine still together, un* less the latter contain a fourth of the former.

Where spirits Th

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 92. [1797.

than forty gallons English wine measure, for distilling, making, or manufacturing wash, low wines, or spirits.

XXI. Provided always, That no licence shall be granted to any person or persons in the lowlands of Scotland, between the time aforesaid, to ered, keep, and work, a wash still and a low wine still together, unless the low wine still be of a content or capacity in the body thereof, and exclusive of the head, not less than one fourth part of the content or capacity of such wash still.

XXII. And whereas contrails may have been made for the sale of British spirits before the same shall have been charged or become chargeable with the duty by this act imposed; be it therefore enacted, That in all cases where any spirits, whereon the duty by this act

und^this act ^mP°^e^ be charged, shall have been, after the said thirteenth have been day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or contracted for shall be delivered in pursuance of such contracts or sales, it shall previous to be lawful for the distillers, redifiers, compounders, dealers in or i^ma^be retailers of such spirits, delivering the same, to charge so much money as shall be equivalent to the duty by this act imposed in respect thereof, in addition to the price of such spirits; and such distiller, redifier, compounder, dealer, or retailer, shall be entitled by virtue of this act to demand, and be paid the same accordingly.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall obstruct or hinder any officer or officers of excise in the execution of any of the powers or authorities to him or them given or granted by this or any other act or acts of parliament relating to spirits, the person or persons so offending therein, shall, for each and every such offence, severally forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the monies arising by the duties by this act imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary

and carried to charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted), shall, ^ie consoli- from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's ace un*exchequer at Westminster, and the said money so paid in as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund, and shall be managed and applied in the same manner as the duties granted by the said act passed in the lask session of parliament, are thereby directed to be managed and applied.

Recovery and

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, penahies?11 °* anc* forfeitures by this act imposed, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information in the court of exchequer in Scotland, and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them, who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the

charged to the price.

Persons obstructing officers to forfeit 200l.

Duties to be paid into the exchequer,

ii Car. t. c. 24, Sec. to

ext end" to this powers, directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures clauses, matters, act. and things, which in and by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for

taking

949

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 93.

taking away the court of wards: and liveries, and tenures in capite and by knight service and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise upon beer, ale, and other liquors, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining, the duties thereby granted, or any of them, shall be practised and put in execution in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if all and every the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, dailies, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and reenacted in this present act.

CAP. XCIII.

An act for ascertaining the duty payable on taxed carts. —

[June 29, 1798.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the present fefton of parliament,

for repealing the duties on carriages, and imposing new duties 38 Geo. 3. in lieu thereof the duty i?7iposed on carriages, commonly ccdled Taxed c. 41

Carts, is also repealed; and it is expedient to place such carriages

under the regulations, and subject to the duties herein after mentioned*y

may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That there shall be charged, raised, levied, An annual

and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fuc- of 4s*

cessors, for and upon every carriage with less than four wheels, every taxed*0*

to be drawn by one horse, mare, or gelding, which shall be built cart of a par-

and constructed wholly of wood and iron^ without any covering ticulnr con-

other than a tilted covering, and without any lining or springs, struction, Sec.

+or any ornament whatever, other than paint of a dark colour for the preservation of the wood or iron only, and which shall have the words "A Taxed Cart," and also the owners name and place of abode thereon, and the price of which, (repairs excepted),bshall not have exceeded, or the value whereof shall not at any time exceed, the sum of twelve pounds sterling, the annual sum of one pound and four shillings, which duty shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, accounted for, and applied in the same manner, by the same persons respectively, and under the like rules, directions, and provisions, and to the like uses as the duties on carriages imposed by the said recited acct, are directed to be raised, levied, collected, paid, accounted for, and applied.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Persons liable herein contained shall be construed to authorise any perfori to certain du-set up or keep any carriage as a taxed cart, on payment of the tlfxed^carts as duty hereby granted, who shall be -liable to be assessed to the for carrnges

duties with less than

95°

four wheels, under 38 Geo. 3. c. 41.

Persons occupying farms or carrying on trade, and making a livelihood solely thereby, and ecclesiasticks not pof-l'dling look per ann. shall pay for horses uled only in such carriages as for horses not kept for riding.

Carriages to be marked with the names of the owners, &c. and produced upon demand for examination.

If the price of such carriage shall be more than 12l. or be conltrudted contrary to this abt, &c. it shall be charged as a carriage with less than four wheels, and -

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 93. [1797.

duties granted by the said recited act on carriages in respect of any four-wheeled carriage kept or used by him or her, or to the duties thereby granted on male servants, in respect of two male servants retained or employed by him or her; but every such person #who shall keep any such carriage shall be liable to, and shall be charged for the same at the rate prescribed, and according to the directions contained in the said recited act, in respect of carriages with less than four wheels, therein mentioned.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any person occupying a farm, and making a livelihood solely thereby, or any person carrying on a trade, and making a livelihood solely thereby, or by such occupation or trade jointly, or any ecclesiastical person not possessed of an annual income of one hundred pounds or upwards, whether arising from ecclesiastical preferment, or otherwise, shall keep any such carriage subject to the duty hereby granted, every such person shall be charged in respect of the horse, mare, or gelding, used for the purpose of drawing such caniage, at the rate prescribed by the said recited act for horses not kept for the purpose of riding, or of drawing any carriage charged with duty by the said abl: provided always, That such horse, rriare, or gelding, shall not be at any time used by such person for the purpose of riding, or of drawing any carriage chargeable with duty by the said recited ach

IV. And be it further enacted, That every person to be rated and assessed for such carriage as aforesaid, shall mark or paint on a black ground in white letters, or on a white ground in black letters, on the outside of the back pannel, or back part of such carriage, or in case such carriage shall be construbted without a back pannel, or any back part on which such letters may be marked or painted, then on the side, or on some conspicuous part of such carriage, on the outside thereof, his or her christian and surnames, and the place of his or her abode, and the words " A Taxed Cart, " in roman letters, and in words at full length, each of such letters being at leaf! one inch in length, and of a breadth in proportion, and shall, upon demand being made, produce such carriage, so marked or painted, to the assessor or assessors, surveyor or surveyors, inspector or inspebfors, of the said rate or duty, or at any meeting of the commissioners for putting this act in execution, or to any two or more of them, to be examined by them, or any or either of them, respedhng all or any of the particulars above mentioned; and if any person or persons shall have or keep any carriage as aforesaid with less than four wheels, and such carriage shall, in respect of the price thereof, or for any subsequent addition, (repairs excepted), have been charged (the proof of which shall lie on the owner or owners of such carriage) at any sum exceeding twelve pounds fferling, or if the value thereof shall appear to the said of, on examination, to exceed the said sum of twelve pounds fteiling, or if such carriage shall be built or constructed in any

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 93. 951

respect contrary to the provisions herein-before mentioned, or the surveyor shall not be so marked as aforesaid, or if such person or persons shall neglect or refuse, dpon demand being made, to produce jt may fe p0 such carriage so marked to the assessor or assessors, surveyor or charged in the surveyors, inspector or inspectors, of the said rate or duty, or to aflVfiment. the of as aforesaid, for the examination of them, or any or either of them, every such person or persons shall be liable to, and shall be charged at, the rate prescribed according to the directions contained in the said recited act in respect of carriages with less than four wheels therein mentioned- and the said surveyor or surveyors, upon notice thereof, shall certify the same in writing, under his or their hand or hands to any two or more of the commissioners for putting the said recited act in execution, in order to have such carriage charged at the rate prescribed by the said recited act, in the assessment made or to be made for that year, and any two or more of the said of shall thereupon cause the assessment to be rectified or made according to such certificate, and the said rate and duty to be levied and paid accordingly.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing C^rts u^d herein contained shall be construed to extend to subject to the husbandry or said duty any cart whatever which shall be kept truly and without trade, not to fraud to be used wholly in the affairs of husbandry or of trade, be subject to by reason of the owner or any of his or her servants riding

thereon or therein, when laden, or when returning from any j therein

place to which, or when going to any place from which, any when laden,

load shall have been or shall be to be carried in such carriage, in or of convey-

the course of husbandry, or for the purpose of trade, or for con- inS theit*

1 r, F rr ... 7 r owners to

veying the owners thereof, or their families, to or from divine churCh See.

service, on Sundays, or for carrying persons going to or returning from the election of members to serve in parliament, in case such carriage shall not have been used for any purpose of riding thereon or therein, save as aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any carriage with less than four wheels, of whatever confirudlion the fom. vvi4els

same may be, which shall fie at any time lent or let out to hire, ltt out to hire,

shall be subject to the duty imposed on such carriages by the said to be subject

recited act$ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith- JP on

1 1 ucn ciir 11 a?cs

Handing. by 38 Geo. 3.

VII. And be it further enaeffect, That no person assessed for q. 4l.

any such cart as aforesaid, to the duties hereby granted, shall be Carts charged charged in respect thereof with the additional duties granted by with duty an act, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty an aid and rt^Y contribution for the prosecution of the war. liable 1 o' the

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any cart, built additional and constructed according to the directions of an act passed in duties granted the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, shall by 3s Geo. 3. have been assessed to the said additional duties granted by the said 1

a cl, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of buUtlaccord-the war, as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the commissioners for ing to

executing Geo 3. c. 109.

shall have been assessed to the additional duties granted by 38 Geo. 3. c. 16. the of may, on appeal, cause the assessments to be vacated, Scc.

Appeals not to be heard till after ten days notice to the surveyor, &c.

executing the said last mentioned act, 2nd they are hereby required to hear and determine any appeal against such assessment; and in case such cart shall, in the judgement of the said com mill! oners, be entitled, in pursuance of the provisions of this act, to be exempted from any assessment to be made by virtue of the said act, for granting an aid and contribution for die prosecution of the war, then the said of shall cause such assessment to be vacated, but so as not to annul any payment already made on any such assessment, nor to impede the collection of any arrears fallen due before the vacating such act'effment: provided always, That no such appeal shall be heard or determined but after ten days notice to the surveyor or inspector of the said duties; and every such inspector and surveyor receiving such notice as aforesaid, is hereby authorised and required to attend the determination of such appeal; and in case either the party, or such inspector or surveyor, shall be dissatisfied with the determination of such of, they respectively may demand a case, in like manner as under any act or acts of parliament with relation to assessed taxes.

[Preamble.]

CAP. XCIV.

An act for the regulation of the provisional force of cavalry, raised by virtue of two acts of the last session of parliament.

[June 29> 1798.]

WHEREAS his Majesty hath been graciously pleased, in pursuance of two acts, passed in the last session of parliament^ for raising a provisional force of cavalry, to communicate to parliament his royal intention to cause the said cavalry to be drawn out and embodied: and whereas it may be expedient, at the present conjuncture^ to draw out and embody the provisional cavalry of some of the counties, ridings, and places, and to continue the same embodiedfor such time as circumstances shall appear to require, and to cause the provisional cavalry raised in the rest of the counties, ridings, and places in England, to be assembled for the purpose of being trained and exercised and afterwards embodied, if occasion shall require: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be it enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Lieutenants of authority of the same, That the lieutenant of every county, rl^nt' or place> or in ca^e of vacancy, or in the absence of the warrant, to lieutenant, any two or more deputy lieutenants, to whom his Ma-

cause to be jesty's warrant for the purpose of embodying the provisional force

prepared lifts Gf cavalry raised in such county, riding, or place, shall befdirested, enrolled1ri*0nS as ^oon a^ter passing of this act as conveniently can be the provisional done, cause to be prepared by the clerk of the general meeting of cavalry, and lieutenancy, or by the clerks of the several subdivision meetings, duplicates lifts containing the names and places of abode of all the persons

enrolled

tr animated to

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 94. 953

enrolled to serve in the provisional cavalry of such county, riding, the receiver or place, by virtue of the said acts, distinguishing whether the said ^erg0, C persons were enrolled as substitutes, or as persons appointed or horses; and ballotted for the service required by the said acts, and when any to appoint the such person shall be enrolled as substitutes, then also the names place and and places of abode of the persons in lieu of whom they are ^octying enrolled to serve, which lifts the said clerks shall make out them, and to and return within ten days from the time of receiving any make the same order for that purpose; and the said lieutenant or deputy iieute- known to the nants shall also cause one duplicate of such lifts to be transmittedree^ to the receiver general of the duties ori horses arising in such causenotiC: S county, riding, or place; and that the said lieutenant and deputy to be affixed -lieutenants respectively shall appoint the place and time ofaflem- 011 the bling for the purpose of being embodied, and cause the same to cwc es' be made known, in such manner as is directed by the militia laws for assembling the militia, to the constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers of every parish and place, and-by them to the several persons enrolled by virtue of the said acts, and also to the several persons appointed or ballotted to provide for the service thereby requried, which notices the said constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, and other officers, shall cause to be affixed on the doors of the churches or chapels belonging to their respective parishes and places, or where there is no church or chapel, then on the door of the.church or chapel of some adjoining parish or place; and such notice shall be deemed a sufficient notice to every person enrolled, and also to every person appointed or balloted to provide for the said service by virtue of the said acts; and the persons who are enrolled shall attend at the time and place mentioned in such notice, and those persons who have been appointed or ballotted as aforesaid shall provide for the said service according to the directions of the said acts.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said constables,

tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers, shall, before the on oath day appointed for assembling such cavalry, make a return on what they path, or solemn affirmation, to be taken before any justice of the have done, peace of such county, riding, or place, of what they shall enroll

respectively have done in the execution of this act, in pursuance of^cannot be* any order from the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants as aforesaid \ found, Sec. to and if any person enrolled in the provisional cavalry cannot, at return the the time appointed for assembling the same, be found, or shall be tame* dead, or enlisted in any of his Majesty's regular forces, or

serving on board any ship or vessel in his Majesty's navy, the said constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers, shall make a return thereof upon oath, or solemn affirmation, to the best of their knowledge and belief.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any mare or gelding Ifthe deputy provided for the said service, under and by virtue of the said acts, be^dTatisfied shall at the time of embodying such provisional cavalry, be W; th the value approved according to the said acts, such mare or gelding, inset by the

954

proprietor upon any horse, it shall be valued by two skilful persons, and the price not to exceed 2^1. to be paid by the receiver general if the horse die. Sec.

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 94. [1797.

case the deputy lieutenants there attending, shall be dissatisfied with the value set upon the same by the proprietor thereof, shall be forthwith valued by two skilful persons, to be named by the respective deputy lieutenants, according to the price at which the same might be sold, such price not in any case to exceed the sum of twenty-five pounds, which valuation shall be duly entered, by the d 1 red ion of the officer commanding such provisional cavalry, in the books provided for the said provisional cavalry, and a certificate thereof given, by the officer commanding such provisional cavalry, to the person who shall have provided such mare or gelding; and if any such mare or gelding shall die, or become unfit for service, and it shall be thought expedient, that another mare or gelding should be provided for that service, according to the directions of the said acts, and an order should be made for that purpose, then the valued price of the same shall, on demand, and on a certificate of conformity to the provisions, before-mentioned, under the hand of the officer commanding the said provisional cavalry, be paid to the person or persons providing such mare or gelding, by the receiver general of the county, riding or place, where such person or persons shall reside, out of any monies in his hands, arising either out of the monies raised by virtue of the said acts or this act, or out of the duties on horses, or other the duties receiveable by him as such receiver: provided always, That if the proprietor of any mare or gelding so provided with the rice diifatisfied with the valuation to be made as aforesaid,

may appeal to per fen may appeal to the deputy lieutenants at any sub-division meeting to beholden according to the said acts, and the deputy lieutenants there present, or the major part of them, are hereby empowered and required to hear and determine such appeals, and their determination thereupon shall be final.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in the several counties, ridings and places, where the men enrolled as provisional cavalry shall be embodied, any two or more deputy lieutenants of the

Proprietors

clilTatisfied

a subdivision meeting.

Deputy lieutenants to conOder the claims, not exceeding xol. county, riding, or place, for which such men shall have been enrolled, shall, as soon as may be, take into consideration the claims 10 be made by any person or persons for any sum or sums of money, not exceeding ten pounds, in respect of each person so enrolled as a substitute, on his being embodied, and shall examine into the fad of any contract being entered into for that purpose between such substitutes and their respective principals, and shall receive evidence thereof, either by the registry of such contract, or a copy thereof, or by the production cf such contract, or where no such contract shall have been registered nor reduced into writing, then by the oath of the parties, or by the testimony of any credible witness or witnesses, which oath the said deputy lieutenants are hereby authorised to administer; and the said deputy lieutenants shall, on proof of any such contract to their satisfaction, certify to the receiver general of such county, riding, or place, the number of persons entitled to receive any sum of money by virtue of any such contract, for

and of persons enrolled as substitutes, and on proof of contract, to certify the number of persons entitled to receive money to the receiver general, who shall pay it to the commanding officer,

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 94. 955

and in respect of any such person serving as asubstitute, specifying the amount of the sum to be paid to each person, and whether the same, according to such contracts, is to be paid to such substitute, or the person providing such substitute; and such receiver general is hereby required, within ten days after the receipt of such certificate, to issue and pay to the officer appointed to the command of such men, the several sums of money due in respectc of each of such substitutes, according to such contract so certified, which commanding officer shall forthwith pay the same, according to the terms of the several contradfs so certified as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That where any persons classed Where classes to raise provisional cavalry shall have mutually agreed with, or have agreed made themselves liable to each other, to defray and bear their to t*ie"ir respective proportions in the expences of raising a man and horse, tlhe

or men and horses, and of cloathing such man or men, and pro- expences of viding furniture and extra keep for such horses, or where any men and person shall have defrayed and borne the whole of such expences, ^Jre'an* and such persons or person shall not have rendered any account pgrfon shall thereof to the deputy lieutenants, nor demanded or received any have borne of the allowances authorised by the said acts, for and on account the whole and of the provisional cavalry, it shall and may be lawful for any two ^ga^ance or more deputy lieutenants, and they are hereby required, at any received, the subdivision meeting, upon proofthereof by affidavitmade before any subdivision one or more of the justices of the peace of the county or riding, 'meetings to or magistrates of the peace, within which such persons shall have tx/the been classed or appointed, to certify the same to the of jancj tax ofland tax for thediftridf within which such persons shall have been commission-classed or appointed, and the person in whole favour such certificates ei's, and the shall be made, shall thereupon and from thenceforth, during the confinue continuance of the payment of such expences, be freed and f0 ty0 pa^all exonerated from the payment of any assessment made, or to be be exempted made, for and on account of allowances paid or to be paid in from any such county, riding, or place, in respect of any men and horses raised by any other persons in such county, riding, or place, ancj horses and from all assessments to be made in that behalf under and by raised by any virtue of the said acts of the thirty-seventh year of his Majesty's other persons, reign, or this act: provided always, That if any assessment shall or Q^0under have been made upon any person or persons hereby declared to c'6# be freed and exonerated therefrom, such assessment shall, as far of this act. as regards such person or persons, be void, and the Turns so assessed shall be firudc out of the assessment upon such person or persons as aforesaid, and shall be added to the assessments upon the rest of the persons liable thereto in the same sub-division.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any dispute shall arise Justices may between any persons in any class or classes, that shall have determine entered into such agreement as aforesaid, touching the payment touching

of any proportion of the expences of such class or classes in proportions of raising and providing such man and horse as aforesaid, or the expences of cloathing, furniture, and other articles directed to be provided by the said acts or this act, it shall and may be lawful,

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 94. [1797.

on complaint thereof made to any justice of the peace for the county, riding, or place, within which such person shall be clafied, for such justice to hear and determine every such complaint, and to examine upon oath every such person, or any other witness or witness'es, touching the same, and to make such order for the payment of the proportion of the expences of such class, to be borne by such person or persons as to such justice shall seem just and reasonable; and in case of refusal or nonpayment of any sums so ordered to be paid by the space of fifteen days next after such determination, such justice shall and may issue forth his warrant to levy the same by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such person or persons, rendering the overplus to the owner or owners, after payment of the charges of such distress and sale.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any person appointed to provide any man or men for the service required by the proper furni- a<^s' or^any Person chosen by baliot to provide any man ture for them for the said service, shall not cause to be produced to the lieute-

If cloathing for men, or if hgrfes or

be not provided, a sum equal to the etti mated allowance to be forfeited.

His Majesty may disband the embodied provisioual

nant or deputy lieutenants, or to 'the officer appointed to have the command of the men when ordered to be embodied, suitable cloathing for such man or for each of such men, or a mare or gelding fit for military duty, for the use of such man or of each of such men so to be provided by him or her, which shall be approved of by the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, or by the officer or officers to be appointed to command such men as aforesaid, or proper furniture for each of such mares or geldings, according to the directions of the said acts, every such person shall forfeit and pay, for his or her default in not causing to be produced proper cloathing, a sum equal to the allowance estimated, or to be estimated, by the general meeting of lieutenancytobe made to any person for providing cloathing, in respect of such part thereof on which any default shall have been made; and for his or her default in not causing to be produced a mare or gelding fit for military duty, (and which shall be approved of as aforesaid), a sum equal to the compensation settled or to be settled by the deputy lieutenants of the division to be made to any person ballotted to provide a mare or gelding in the case where such person shall not have been possessed of any mare or gelding at the time of the bailot, or where the mare or gelding provided shall not be approved of; and for his or her default in not causing to be produced proper furniture for such mare or gelding, or for each of such mares or geldings, a sum equal to the allowance estimated, or to be estimated, by the said general meeting of lieutenancy to be made to any; such person for providing such furniture according to the said acts; which sums shall be severally adjudged by the deputy lieutenants according to the said acts, and afteffect, levied, and paid in manner herein directed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty shall think it expedient, it shall be lawful to disband the embodied provisional cavalry of any county, riding, or place, and for that

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 94. 957

purpose to cause the said cavalry to be marched to any place or cavalry of any places within their respective counties and ridings, to be there.thtii^horleS discharged from actual service, and every person shall, at the £-c< shall be' time of his discharge, deliver up the mare or gelding, arms, delivered up; furniture, and other articles, which shall have been turn ished but all persons under and by virtue of the said a (51 s, to such persons as shall be ^to serve appointed by the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants to receive the when his same, such part thereof as shall have been furnished by in- Majesty shall dividuals, in pursuance of the said acts, to be received to the think it ex.-use of the respective persons furnishing the same, and the same Ped*ent* shall be forthwith delivered to such and the same persons respectively furnishing the same, if any shall be there attending at the time of such discharge; and the said persons so to be discharged, whether such persons shall have served as principals from being appointed or ballotted for such service in pursuance of the said acts, or as substitutes, and also the persons appointed or ballotted, and who shall have provided such substitutes as aforesaid, shall, notwithstanding such discharge, continue liable to perform the like services whenever his Majesty shall think it expedient to order the provisional cavalry to be embodied, and shall in all respects, after such disbanding and discharge, be considered as persons enrolled in the said provisional cavalry, and liable from time to time to the like service as any other persons enrolled in the provisional cavalry are liable to, in virtue of the said former acts or this act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in such of the counties, Persons^ridings, or places, in which the provisional cavalry raised therein enr°hed in shall not have been ordered to be embodied, all persons enrolled cavalry not therein, who shall, at any previous muster, consent to receive the embodied who bounty herein after mentioned, may be called out for the shall consent purpose of being trained and exercised for such space of time, and J-° re<: e, ve

at such time or times in the year as shall seem expedient to be^trained

his Majesty; and it shall be lawful for his Majesty to cause the &c.

+men to be so trained and exercised by regiment, battalion, or independent company, under such officers and non-commissioned officers as shall be appointed under the regulations of the said acts; and during such time as the provisional cavalry of any county, riding, or place, shall be assembled for the purpose of being trained and exercised, all the clauses, provisions, matters, and things contained in any act of parliament which shall be then in force for the punishing munity and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, shall be in force with respect to the provisional cavalry so assembled, and to all the officers, non-commissioned officers and private men of the same, in all cases whatsoever, but so as no punishment shall extend to loss of life or limb.

X. And be it further enacted, That every person enrolled in Persons

the provisional cavalry of any county, riding, or place, who shall enrol'e5h r, J, J 1 r 0 r -r appearing at

appear at the time and place appointed for exercise, according the time and

to the directions of this act, shall be entitled to the sum of two place appoint-

guineas, over and above his pay, to be allowed curing the ed forexercise,

R RR2 exercise, £|, '*ntlUcd

Gc jle

958 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 94. [1797.

guineas above exercise, and the receiver general of the land tax for such county, whin?th- riding, or place, is hereby required, on receipt of the certificate receiver gene- of commanding officer, of the number of men attending ral of the such exercise, as herein-afrer is directed, to pay to the captains land tax or officers commanding troops respectively, the said sum for the the^ <?mrnar.d u^e ever^ Pe, f°n of the said cavalry so attending, and one

ing^fice^of" guinea of each sum so received by any captain or officer com-troops. manding any troop, or so much thereof as he shall think proper,

shall be laid out in the manner he shall think most advantageous for the respective persons of the said cavalry, and such captain or commanding officer shall forthwith pay the other guinea of the said money to the persons respectively, and shall before the expiration of the time appointed for such exercise, account to such person how the first-mentioned guinea hath been applied and disposed of.

Notice of the

XI. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty of*ex^rdfe*toC have appointed the time or times of assembling the pro-

be sent by the visional cavalry of any county, riding, or place, for the purpose clerk of the of being trained and exercised, notice of the time and place of

general meet- such exercise shall be sent by the clerk of the general meetings

chl'^corT of lieutenancy to the chief constables or other officers of the

/tables to laid hundreds, rapes, lathes, wapentakes, or other divisions, forward.to the with directions to forward the same to, the constables, tything-constables to men, headboroughs, or other officers, within their respective church°door s jurisdictions, who respectively shall cause such notices as aforesaid the provi- Ibid.

to be affixed on the doors of the churches or chapels (lonal cavalry, belonging to their respective paristies, tythings, or places, or properly (where there shall be no church or chapel) on the door of the

shall attend church or chapel of ibme parish, tything, or place thereunto

accordingly, adjoining; and all such provisional cavalry, being furnished with such cloathing and horse furniture as is directed by the said abls, and also with a mare or gelding fit for military duty, shall attend at the time and place of exercise according to

such notice.

cavnlrvMnay

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to be billttted as quarter and billet the officers and private men serving in the the militia. provisional cavalry, at the times when they shall be called out to be trained and exercised, in such houses and upon such persons as the militia may by law be quartered and billetted during the times of their annual exercise.

Persons

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the several

Trainc^ina^Persons enrolled as aforesaid, who shall not be embodied b^orciered^by ^ut shall be ordered to be trained and exercised for the his Majesty to time herein mentioned, whether such persons shall attend be embodied, such training and exercising or not, be liable to be embodied ^c* whenever his Majesty shall think fit; and that the persons

appointed or ballotted to provide for the service required by the said abls, in the county, riding, or place, where such training and exercising shall be ordered, shall at all times, when not ordered to be so trained or embodied, also be liable from time to time to the

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 94. 959

like services as any other persons enrolled in the provisional cavalry are liable to in virtue of the said former acts or this act,

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if. If within a within twenty days from the passing of this act, a sufficient aftjfficiellt6 number of officers respectively qualified in the manner required by numher of the laws relating to the militia, shall not be found to accept qualified of-commissions in the provisional cavalry, it shall be lawful for his beers shall not Majesty to appoint for that service any officer or officers of the

army, whether on full or half pay, or any person or persons who appomt offil have had commissions in the army or militia, and have retired cers of the therefrom, or who have served in any of the land forces of the army, or reunited company of merchants trading to the East Indies, and f who have either returned therefrom or are resident in Great or

Britain with the leave of the said united company, although not East India of-duly qualified as aforesaid, as to his Majesty shall seem fit. ficers, though

XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the not <Iuahfied. passing of this act, it shall be lawful for the receiver general to

advance, out of any monies in his hands as such receiver gene- van'ce any- ral, and pay to any person or persons entitled to receive the money le-fame, any sum or sums of money directed to be paid on account gaily directed of the said provisional cavalry, either by the said acts or this act, a° PfVj!> on delivering to him or his deputy a proper certificate under the f^eto hands of any two deputy lieutenants or justices of the peace, or the commis-any of them, authorised to act as deputy lieutenants in the exe- sioners for cution of the said acts or this act, which several sums so to be advanced by such receivers general, they shall from time to time, ^4rf which as such advances shall be made, cause to be certified under their shall be af-respective hands, or the hands of their respective deputies, to fefied as the commissioners for executing an act of the present session of herein men* parliament, intituled An act for repealing the duties upon malelxou*servants, carriages, horses^ mules, and dogs, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; and all such sums so certified shall, by force and virtue of such certificate, be assessed on all and every the persons liable to the duties on horses used for the purpose of riding, or of drawing any carriages mentioned in the said adfc of the present session, in proportion to, and according to the number of such horses for which they shall respectively be charged by any assessment to be made under and by virtue of the said act of the present session, (except the persons composing any class, which shall, by contract or agreement, defray and pay the whole or any proportion of the charges attending the service required from such class, as to all such sums of which such class shall have defrayed and paid its just proportion as aforesaid), which assessments shall be made by adding the proportion of such sum so advanced to each per Ton's assessment of the duties on horses; and all sums of money already advanced Money alrea-by such receivers general, or any of them, in pursuance of the advanced said acts, and not before assessed, shall, as soon after the passing ge^raUo^b^ of this act as can be done conveniently, by virtue of the like assessed in like certificates, be assessed and levied in like manner; and all such manner, sums as shall be so certified before any afleHment for the present

If certificates be transmitted after the affe Aments for the present year shall be allowed, they shall be

ded collected.

Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 94, [1797.

year shall have been signed and allowed, shall be added thereto at the time of making such act'efiment; and the sums so assessed shall be raised, levied, and paid, together with and as a part of the duties charged on such horses; and in case any certificate shall be transmitted by such receivers general after the assessments to be collected in the present year shall be signed and allowed, it shall be lawful for the of of the division where such assessments are made, and they are hereby required to amend the same, by adding the proportion of such sums to each person's amended, and assessment, and by, amending the same accordingly; and the the sums ad. sums so added from time to time shall be collected on the days of payment for the year in which such assessments shall be so amended, ensuing the time and times of making any such amendments, by even and equal portions, so that the whole sums advanced by the receiver general, and certified in manner aforesaid, in any year, shall be fully collected and re-imbursed to the revenue in the year in which the same shall be so certified; and all assessments made or to be made after the year when any sum or sums shall have been advanced by such receivers general, shall be valid and efredual; and all such of, and persons acting under them or by their authority, in making such assessments, or in collecting, paying, or receiving the lame, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall be and are hereby freed and discharged, and indemnified from ajl actions and suits whatsoever, and from all damages for whatever they shall 'do or cause to be done in pursuance of this act, and for whatever they shall have done or caused to be done, according to the true intent and meaning hereof.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the like allowances shall be paid to the clerks to the of, and to the collectors and receivers, for the monies assessed, collected, and received by them, in pursuance of the said acts of the lafi: session or this act, as they are entitled to out of the monies assessed, collected, and received for the said duties on horses, and that such allowances so made shall be deemed an advance made by the respective receivers general, which they shall certify in the manner before directed, and which shall be reimbursed to them out of the monies to be assessed, raised, and levied, by virtue of this act, in the subsequent assessment.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any sums of money shall be adjudged by the deputy lieutenants to be paid

clerks, constables, or other officers, for their care and in and about the execution of the said acts of the lafi:

Allowances to be made to the clerks to the of, and the collectors and receivers.

Rewards to clerks, &c. for their trouble, to be certified to the trouble

commission- session of parliament, or either of them, or of this act, or to any cauY'the same furvcTors to appointed to execute the said act of the

to be assessed. Pre^eilt session of parliament, or who have been appointed to execute any act or acts relative to the duties on houses, which were repealed by the said act of the present session, for their pains and trouble in executing the said acts of the lafi: session of parliament, or either of them, or this act, which rewards the said deputy lieutenants are hereby required to allow to the said surveyors,

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 94. - 961

according to the rules prescribed by the said acts with respect to other officers, the same shall, after payment thereof be certified to the respective of before-mentioned, who shall cause the same to be a defied, levied, paid, and received, as other sums are hereby directed to be assessed, paid, levied, and received.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Persons en-

for any persons who shall have enrolled themselves subsequent ro\*ccUn aiT / r*i volunteer

to the fourteenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and corpS ca-

ninety-seven, or may enrol themselves before or on the first day valry, within of August next, in any volunteer corps of cavalry raised or to be a certain pe-raised under the authority of any act or acts of parliament in force, voluntarily to offer themselves at any time on or before 1798, to the said first day of August next, to serve during the present war serve for any for any subdivision of the county, riding, or place, where such subdivision of corps shall be formed, on the conditions mentioned in this act, condiuoiis instead of the privisional cavalry appointed to serve for such sub- mentioned in division; and every person belonging to any troop or corps of this act, involunteer cavalry already formed, or which shall be formed un- stead of the

der the authority aforesaid, at any time before or on the said first Provifi°rial j^j cavalry

day of August next, (being, together with such mare or gelding; 9

as shall be furnished by or for him for that service, first approved of in the manner directed by the said acts of the last session of parliament, or either of them), may be enrolled in pursuance of

this act to serve during the present war, under the command of such general officer as his Majesty shall appoint, for the district in which such corps shall be formed; and in every case where and where the

the number of men so enrolled subsequent to the said fourteenth XQj^er^bfe

day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or quent'to

to be enrolled as aforesaid for any such subdivision, shall, on or i4, T707,

before the first: day of August next, amount to three fourth parts shall, on or

of the number of men directed to be raised for the provisional before Aug. r,

cavalry of such subdivision, the lieutenants or deputy lieutenants to^three101111

acting for such county, riding, or place, shall forthwith certify fourths of the

the same to his Majesty's privy council, and the said council are quota of the

hereby empowered, in such case, to cause the men enrolled in subdivision, the

the provisional cavalry of such subdivision, by virtue of the said certified to the acts, and also the mares and geldings provided for that service, privy council,

to be discharged by proclamation or otherwise, as the said coun- who may or-

cil shall think fit, and to suspend, within such subdivision ofoffrTof

such county, riding, or place, the further execution of the said the provisional

acts of the last session of parliament, so far as respects the fer- cavalry to be

vice required by the said acts, in all things'except as to the af- discharged,

fefsing, raising, levying, and paying any sum or sums of money, ^c*

which the receiver general for such county, riding, or place, shall have certified, or shall from time to time certify to have been advanced by him, in pursuance of the said acts or this act:

provided always, That no such volunteer corps fhaliliable Volunteer

to be called out, except in case of actual invasion, or of the ac- corPs to be

tual appearance of the enemy on the coast, or of the danger of^certain00

invasion being deemed imminent, according to the provisions of occasione.

962 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 94. [1797.

an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled An act to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the defence and security of the realm during the present war, and for indemnifying persons who may suffer in their property, by such me a fares as may be necessary for that purpose, and under the circumstances therein mentioned.

Volunteer

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every such volunteer corPs of cavalry which shall offer to serve in Head of the said Head of the provisional cavalry, in pursuance of this act, shall be entitled, provisional on an application in writing being made by the commanding cavalry, to be officer of such corps to the secretary at war, in the manner to allowance°atn hereafter mentioned, to an allowance, after the rate of three the rate of pounds and three shillings for each person enrolled in the said three guineas corps, per annum, for three years, to be applied in providing for three cloathing and accoutrements, and for extra expences, unless forrSrovidiifn* corPs ^ave P^evioully received the like sum out of the

cloathing, &c. monies voted by parliament towards defraying the charge of cloathing and accoutrements for sundry corps of volunteer cavalry for the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or so much thereof as, together with the sum received out of the said monies, will make up the like sum at the rate aforesaid, which sum shall be paid in advance by the receiver general of the county, riding, or place in which such corps shall be formed, on the application in writing of the commanding officer of such corps, certified by a'ny two or more deputy lieutenants of such county, riding, or place, to the secretary at war, specifying the dates of the formation of such corps, and the enrolment therein of each person for whom this sum may fie claimed, and of the sum to which he may be entitled in pursuance of this act, and stating the sums (if any) already received by such corps out of the monies voted by parliament as aforesaid, which certificate, being transmitted to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, with the approbation of the secretary at war inderfed thereon, shall be a Sufficient authority to the said of to direct the proper receiver general to pay inch sums as may appear due by such certificate.

ed^S

XX. And be it further enacted, That all such sums which

ceiveT general any receiver general shall advance to such volunteers in pursuance tobereim- of this act, shall be reimbursed by assessment, within the period barfed by af- of three yeats, from the fifth day of April next before the passing (eflment. Of

is act, in the manner before directed; and that the proportion of one third of the whole sum to be advanced, as nearly as a computation thereof can be made, shall be levied in each of Men may be the said three )'ears-

enrolled be-

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any person appointed fore Aug. r, to provide a man or men for the service of the said provisional fen^dbleVa16 cava^7> or any Person ballotted to provide a man for that fer-v.dry, and ac- v^ce? or if the persons composing any class having agreed with cepted in lieu each other to provide for such service, shall, at any time of men to be before the ffirst day of August one thousand seven hundred and theprovl/onal ninety-e*S^t? produce or cuufe to be produced to the command-cavalry, Sc c. inS

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 94. 963

ing officer of any corps of fencible cavalry, raised to serve in Great Britain during the present war, or to any officer appointed by his Majesty, or by such commanding officer, with the approbation of his Majestiy, one fit and able-bodied man for each of the men so directed to be provided, who shall cause himself to be enrolled to ferye in such fencible corps of cavalry within Great Britain during the present war, then the service of such men so enrolled shall be accepted in lieu of the service required by the said acts; and the persons appointed or ballotted to provide for such service, and also the class agreeing to provide for such service, shall, on the certificate of such commanding officer or officers, to be appointed as aforesaid, of the enrolment of such fencible men, be discharged from any further service under the said acts, either by providing any men or cloathing, or by furnishing any mares or geldings, or furniture for the same, and also from any charge or expence to be incurred in respect of the said provisional cavalry, at any time after the date of such enrolment; and if any person shall be charged with any sum or sums of money incurred after the date of such enrolment, it shall be lawful for him or her to appeal therefrom, in like manner, and under the like terms and conditions as such person may by law appeal from any overcharge in any assessment of the duties upon horses.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every person offering Persons offer-

himself to serve in any fencible corps of cavalry, in lieu of the thS iencible^said provisional force of cavalry, shall take the same oath as may cavalry to take have been taken by the private men of the corps in which he an oath, which may enter; which oath may be adminiife.red by any one deputy rnj^ be ad mi-lieutenant or justice of the peace in any county, riding, or place, JJ^puty lieute-where such person shall be enrolled. nant or justice.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if if in any place in any of the counties, ridings, and places aforesaid, the pro- the provisional visional force of cavalry raised therein by virtue of the said acts, cavalry shall shall not be discharged in pursuance of this act, before or on the passing of this act, no greater allowance shall thenceforth be lore or on'made to any person or persons towards discharging the expences passing this of providing any mare or gelding lor that service, than shall be ad, no more allowed by the lieutenant and two deputy lieutenants, or by three deputy lieutenants, at a general meeting of lieutenancy to apowec[ for be held for that purpose, and that such allowance shall in no each horse. case exceed the rate of two shillings weekly in respect of each such mare or gelding.

[Weekly al-

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person enrolled to serve in the said provisional force of cavalry raised by lowanfceoutof virtue of the said acts, shall, when ordered out to be embodied, belaid to the leave a family unable to support themselves, (or shall, when or- families of dered out to be trained and exercised, be compelled to leave his provisional home, having a family unable to support themselves), the over- ca^lT^Tn seer or overseers of the poor of the patish, ty thing, or place diedor leaving where the family of such person shall dwell, shall, by order of home to be forne one justice of the peace, out of the rates for the relief of trained*

the poor of such parish, tything, or place, pay to such family

---

964 Anno regni tricesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 94. [1797.

the following weekly allowance; (that is to say), A sum not exceeding one shilling for each and every child born in wedlock, and under the age of ten years, and a sum not exceeding one shilling for the wife of the person so enrolled and serving as aforesaid, whether he shall or shall not have any child or children; and in every parish, tything, or place, where the money arising by such rates shall not be sufficient for the purpose aforesaid, a new rate shall be made from time to time for raising sums sufficient for that purpose.

[If a person has kept an additional horse for military service, he shall be exempted from duty for him.]

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall have provided a mare or gelding for the said service, who at the time of the order made for providing such mare or gelding shall not have had any mare or gelding fit for military service, which shall have been accepted, and if in consequence of such refusal such person shall have provided and kept an additional mare or gelding beyond the usual number kept by, and then actually charged upon him or her, then such person shall be exempted from any charge or assessment on account of such additional mare or gelding to any rate or duty imposed by any act or acts now in force, either for granting to his Majesty any duty on horses, or to the additional duties granted to his Majesty by an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war; and such person shall be liable to be charged to the said duties in respect of the horses, mares, or geldings kept by him or her, exclusive of the mare or gelding so provided for the said service.

[The duties for horses provided for the provisional cavalry shall cease from the day of payment next after embodying.]

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in every case where the provisional cavalry shall be embodied, all the duties granted by the acts before-mentioned, in respect of the mares or geldings provided for that service, shall cease from the day of payment next after the date of the order for embodying the same; and every such exemption shall continue in force during the time of the cavalry being embodied.

[Assessments to be rectified.]

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the respective of for executing the said several acts shall cause the assessments in respect of any mares or geldings provided for the said service, to be rectified according to the directions of this act.

[Substitutes may be changed.]

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any person who shall have found, or shall hereafter find a substitute in the said provisional cavalry at any time, with the consent of two deputy lieutenants or justices of the peace of the county, riding, or place, acting for the subdivision in or for which he shall have so found such substitute, to change such substitute, and procure another person to be enrolled in lieu of such substitute, and thereupon the person previously enrolled as a substitute shall be discharged from the same; and every person so enrolled in lieu of the person discharged as aforesaid shall be duly cloathed and accoutred, and serve in the said provisional cavalry, in like manner as the former substitute would otherwise have been cloathed and accoutred, and have served in the same.

[INDEX REMOVED.]

