A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

passed Anno nono Georgii III. Regis.

Being the Second Session of the Thirteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Cap. 1. To prohibit, for a further time, the exportation of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch; and also the extraction of low wines and spirits from wheat and wheat flour.

Cap. 2. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine.

Cap. 3. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 4. To allow for a further time the free Importation of rice into this kingdom, from his Majesty's colonies in North America.

Cap. 5. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine.

Cap. 6. For the more effectually preventing the clandestine importation of foreign spirits; and for explaining such part of an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the penalties inflicted upon persons selling ale, beer, or other exciseable liquors by retail, without licence; and for taking away certain powers granted by former acts, for punishing persons convicted of retailing spirituous liquors without licence.

Cap. 7. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 8. For repairing, improving, and better preserving of the harbour and quay of Wells, in the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 9. To continue an act made in the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to continue and amend an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time; and for allowing the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from the British dominions in America, for a limited time.

Cap. 10. For the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the streets and lanes in the parish and borough of New Windsor, in the county of Berks, and for preventing nusances and annoyances therein.

Cap. 11. For repealing so much of an Act made in the seventh and eighth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled, An act to encourage the bringing plate into the mint to be coined, and for the further remedying the ill state of the coin of the kingdom, as restrains any person keeping an inn, tavern, alehouse, or victualling-house, or selling wine, ale, beer, or any other liquors, by retail, from publickly using any wrought or manufactured plate, or any utensil or vessel thereof, except spoons; and for putting an end to prosecutions commenced for offences against such part of the said act.

Cap. 12. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose; and to indemnify members, and officers in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped.

Cap. 13. For the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the liberty of St. Martin le Grand, within the city and liberty of Westminster, in the county of Middlesex; and for preventing obstructions and annoyances therein.

Cap. 14. For appointing of for putting in execution an act of this session of parliament, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine; and for securing and preserving duplicates of assessments, and other papers relating to the land tax.

Cap. 15. For raising a certain.sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine.

Cap. 16. To amend and render more effectual an Act made in the twenty first year of the reign of King James the First, intituled, An act for the general quiet of the subjects against all pretences of concealment whatsoever.

Cap. 17. For enabling his Majesty to licence a playhouse in the city of York; and in the town and county of the town of Kingston upon Hull.

Cap. 18. For amending and further continuing an act of the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to amend and render more effectual, in his Majesty's dominions in America, an act passed in this present session of parliament, tntiiuled, An act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 19. To impower the high court of Chancery to lay out, upon government securities, a further sum of money, not exceeding a sum therein limited, out of the common and general cash in the bank of England belonging to the suitors of the said court; and to apply the interest arising therefrom towards answering the charges of the office of the accountant general of the said court.

Cap. 20. To enable the justices of the peace in the general quarter sessions of their respective counties and divisions to repair the Shire halls, county halls, or other buildings, wherein the assizes or grand sessions are usually held.

Cap. 21. For the more effectual paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the streets, lanes, alleys, and publick passages, in the town of Gainsburgh, in the county of Lincoln; and for laying a duty on all coals brought to the said town to be sold, and for applying the same to such purposes.

Cap. 22. To amend, and render more effectual an act passed in the seventh year of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for paving the streets, and other places, in that part of the parish of Saint Botolph Aldgate which lies in the county of Middlesex, and part of a street, called East Smithfield, in the precinct of Saint Catherines and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the same, and preventing obstructions and annoyances therein.

Cap. 23. To amend and render more effectual an act of the twenty eighth of his late Majesty, for the better enlightening and cleansing the open places, squares, streets, lanes, alleys, passages, and courts, within the parish of Saint Bartholomew the Great, London, and regulating the nightly watch and beadles within the said parish; and for impowering the trustees, in the said act named, to pave the said streets and other places within the said parish, and to remove annoyances and obstructions.

Cap. 24. For carrying into execution certain proposals made by the East India company for the payment of the annual sum of four hundred thousand pounds, for a limited time, in respect of the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies.

Cap. 25. for making perpetual an act made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to continue the duties for encomagement of the coinage of money.

Cap. 26. For the relief of insolvent debtors.

---

Cap. 27. To continue certain laws therein mentioned, for Suiting, for a limited time, a liberty to carry rice from his Majestys provinces of South and North Carolina and Georgia, directly to any part of America to the southward of the said provinces, subject to the like duty as. is now paid on the exportation or rice from the said colonies to places in Europe situate to the southward of Cape Fmjlerre.

Cap. 28. To permit the inhabitants offer fey and Guemfty to export directly from thence to Newfoundland, or the British colonies in America.) goods necessary for the fishery, under certain restrictions; and to import from thence non-enumerated goods (except rum) and to kmd the same in the said islands.

Cap. 29. For the mote effectual punishment of such persons as shall demolish or pull down, burn, or otherwise destroy or spoil, any mill or mills; and for preventing the defraying or uamaging of engines for draining collieries and mines; or bridges, waggon ways, or other things used in conveying coals, lead, tin, or other minerals, from mines; or fences for incloling lands in pursuance of acts of parliament.

Cap. 30. For repealing so much or an act passed in the tenth year of her late Majesty Queen Anne as relates to the harbour moorings of the royal navy; and for the more effectual preservation of such harbour moorings; and punishment of persons guilty of Healing or embezzling his Majesty's naval stores; or of forgery or perjury in relation to seamens wages.

Cap. 31. For the establishing and well governing an hospital for the reception, maintenance, and employment, of penitent

firostitutes; and for extinguishing the right of common of and n certain lands in Saint George's fields in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 32. For paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the high streets and lanes in the pariui of Saint Nicholas within the.city of Rochester and parish of Strood in the county of Kent; and i for making a road through Star Lane, across certain fields adjoining thereto, to Chatham Hill in the said county.

Cap. 33. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money to be raised by a lottery.

Cap. 34. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying a certain sum therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 35. For discontinuing, upon the exportation of iron imported in foreign ships, the drawback of such part of the duties.payable thereon as exceeds the duties payable upon iron imported in British ships; to prohibit the exportation of pig and bar iron, and certain naval (lores, unless the preemption thereof be offered to the of of the navy; to repeal so much of an act made in the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, as' discontinued the drawback upon foreign rough hemp exported;

for providing a compensation to the deFks in the offices of the principal secretaries of state, for the advantages such clerks enjoyed before the commencement of an act, made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for preventing frauds and abuses in relation to the lending and receiving letters and packets free from the duty of postage; and td explain and amend the said act.

Cap. 36. For applying certain monies therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine.

Cap. 37. For reviving several acts for preventing abuses in making bricks and tiles5 and for indemnifying jtmices of the peace, and others, who have acted under the said acts; and for indemnifying persons ho have omitted to make and hie affidavits; and for allowing further time for paying duties omitted to be paid upon contracts with clerks and apprentices; for mak-t ing forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, loft, burnt, or destroyed; and for repaying to Joseph Glover and ^ohn Bill' the duty by them paid on a cargo of wheat, and for allowing the same to be landed for home consumption; and for preventing parish poor being paid in base or counterfeit coin.

Cap. 38. For further encouraging the growth and culture of [ raw filkin his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America.

Cap. 39. To permit the free importation of certain raw I hides and skins, from Ireland and the British plantations in America> for a limited time 5 and for taking off the duties upon seal !} skins tanned of tawed in this kingdom, and for granting another duty in lieu thereof; for indemnifying all persons with respect to adviiing or executing any of his Majesty's orders of council prohibiting the importation of raw hides, horns, and hoofs, of infected cattle; and to authorize the prohibition of the importaion of such hides, horns and hoofs, for the future.

Cap. 40. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing*of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine.

Cap. 41. For better securing the duties of customs upon certain goods removed from the out ports and other places to Lon* don i for regulating the fees of the officers of his Majesty's cu* stoms in the province of Senegamhia in Africa; for allowing to the receivers general of the duties on offices and employment* in Scotland, a proper compensation for their trouble and expences; ' for the better preservation of hollies, thorns, and quicksets, in forests, chases, and private grounds, and of trees and underwoods, in forests and chafes; and for authorizing the exportation of a limited quantity of an inferior fort of barley, called*Bigg, from the port of Kirkwall in the islands of Orkney.

Cap. 42. For explaining, amending, and continuing, an act made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to explain, amend, and reduce into One all of parliament

A TABLE of tte STATUTES.

mlnenU the fevetal laws -new in bring* relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain taffed England.

Cap. 43. For repairing and widening the reads from the turnpike road at Golford Green, in the parish of Cranbrooh\ to the turnpike road in the parish of Sandhnffi* and from the green near Benenden Churchy to The Bull Inn at Rolvenien Craft in the cohrity of Kent.

Cap. 44. For erecting a market house, and holding a market in the town of Taunton* in the county of Somerset; and for preventing the holding of any market in the streets of the said' town; and for cleansing the streets, and preventing npifances and ob-ftmftions therein, and foe lighting certain streets in the said totvn.

Cap. 4c. For repairing the road from the turnpike-gate in thfe township of Greenfield* to the north limits of the township of Mqfiyn* and from Moflyn to Henllan, and from Llanerch y I Afar to Pen y Fordd Wain* in the counties of Flint and Denbigh.

Cap. 46. For repairing the road from the town of Denbigh* to the turnpike road between Northop and Holywell*, and from A-von Wen* to the town of Mold, in the counties of Denbigh and I Flint.

Cap. 47. For amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in repair* several roads leading' from the borough, of Dorchester, in the county of Dorfit; and for repealing so touch I of an act passed in the sixth year of his ptefent Majesty's reign* is relates to the repairing the road leading from Wool, to the said borough,

Cap. 48. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the sixteenth year of King George the Second, for repairing the roads from Marlborough to Shepherd's Shord; and from Beckdmp-hn to the top of Cheriil Hill; and from Avebury to Rockhampton* in the county of Wilts*, and for repairing and widening the road from the turnpike gate at Avebury to Wroughton; and from the north side of Swindon to the Carpenters Arms in Bhnfden* in the Said county.

Cap. 49. For repairing and widening the road leading from Moreworth Cross* to the road leading from Seal to frrotham fhath* and also the said road from oppofit'e the house of William Dalifon eftjuire* to Hadlow Street in the codnty of Kent.

Cap. 50. To enlarge the term and powers of an act made in the thirty third year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from Gloucester* towards Hereford* ana other redds therein mentioned 5 and for amending several other roads near or' adjoining to some of the said roads.

Cap. 51. For enlarging the term and powers granted by ait act passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his late Maje* fly, for repairing and widening the road leading from a place called Harlow Bush Common* in the parish of Harlow* in the county of Essex* to Stump Cross, in the parish of Great Choflfa ford) in the said county.

Cap. 52. To continue the term and enlarge the power* osso much of an act made in the feveuteenth year of the reign of his 1 late Majesty, as relates to the road from the town of Buckingham* in the county of Buds, to the north extent of the parish of Han-well> in the county of Oxford, leading towards fVxtmington Gate.

Cap. 53. To rectify a mistake in an act passed in the eighth year of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for making and maintaining a navigable tut or tonal, from Birmingham to Bilstone* and from thente /e Autheriey, there to communicate with the canal now making between the rivers Severn and T relit9and for making collateral cuts up to fevtr.ai coal miner, and to explain and amend the said act.

Cap. 54. For enlarging the term and powers of an act made in the twenty fifth year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from the east end of Monk Bridge, near the suburbs of the city of York, to New Mahon, and from thence to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the county of York9and also from Spittle House, in the East Riding of the said county to Scarborough aforesaid.

Cap. 55. For repairing and widening the road from the end of the turnpike road in Shawbury, in the bounty of Salop, to Drayton in Hales, in the said county9and from thence to New-taftle under Line, in the county of Stafford9and from Shawbury aforesaid, to the turnpike road in High Ercall, in the said county of Salop; and from Shawbury aforesaid to Wem, in the said county9and from thence to the turnpike road in Sandferd, in the said county.

Cap. 56. For repairing and widening several roads in the counties of Montgomery, Merioneth, and Salopi

Cap. 57. For continuing two acts made in the sixth year of King George the First, and in the seventh year of his late Majesty, for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny Sterling, upon every pint of ale or beer that shall be vended or sold within the town of Montraje and privileges thereof, for supplying the said town with fresh water, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 58. For repairing the road from the town of Ctrencester, in the county of Gloucester, to the tenth mile stone from Cireri-cester at or near the east end of the town of Tetbwry, and from the west en'd of the churchyard in the said town of Tetbury to a gate in the said county near The Monument upon Lanfdown.

Cap. 59. To impower the right honourable Sir Henry Coven-dish, baronet, to (hut up certain roads, and a foot path in the parish of Doveridge, in the county of Derby9and to oblige him to make and keep in repair for the future a new road and foot path in lieu thereof.

Cap. 60. To enable Edward Byrom esquire to complete a building intended for a new church in the town of Manchester, and for. making the same a perpetual cure and benefice9and for other purposes.

A TABLE o? Ae STATUTES.

Cap. 61. For raising money to discharae debts contracted for rebuilding the parish church and tower of Saint Nicholas, in the city of Bristol; and to rebuild the spire, and compleat the said church; and for "other purposes.

Cap. 62. To rebuild the Shire-hell of -the county of Nottingham i and for using the guild-hall of the town and county of the town of Nottingham for the purposes of a (Hire-ball in the mean time.

Cap. 63. To enlarge the term and powers of two acts passed in the tenth year of King George the First, and the sixteenth year of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from the north part of Harlow Bufb Common, in the parish of Harlow, to Wood-fori, in the county of Essex.

Cap. 64. To continue and render more effectual several acts passed in the sixth and twelfth years of King George the First, and the twenty eighth-year of his late Majesty, for repairing the roads from Stevenage, in the county of Hertford, to BiggleJzoade9 in the county of Bedford^ and other roads therein mentioned; and for repairing and widening.th*vroad from Radwell Corner to the turnpike road at Arlefej, in the bounty of Bedford.

Cap. 65. To repair and widen the road from the Broken Cross9 in Mattlesfield, in the county of Chejiery over the Long Moss and Monks Heathy to the turnpike road in Nether Tabley, in the said county; and for turning and exchanging part of the said road*

Cap. 66. For repairing and widening the road from the city of Norwich, to Stole Bridge, in the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 67. For repairing and widening the road from Stole Bridge, to the place whpre the east gate lately Hood in the town of Bury Saint Edmundsy in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 68. For amending the road from Bishopsgate Bridge, itt the city of Norwich, to a done formerly called the Two Mile Stonty where the Norwich road joins the Caijier causeway, two miles, and a half Short of the town of Great Yarmouth.

Cap. 69. For repairing and widening several roads leading to and through the borough of Bodmidy in the county of Cornwall.

Cap. 70. For making and maintaining a navigable canal, from the Coventry canal navigation to the city of Oxford.

Cap. 71. For extending the navigation of the river Colder to Salter Hebble Bridge, and to Sowerby Bridge, in the county of York, and for repealing an act for that purpose.

Cap. 72. For the better establishment of the foundation of'John Michel esquire, in the Queen's College in the university of Oxford, and for other the purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 73. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the thirty first year of his late Majesty, for amending the road from Pengate to Lauhetts Bridge, ana other roads in the county of Wilts \ and for amending several roads near adjoining to the said roads.

Cap. 74. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act of the twenty third year of his late Majesty; for repairing the roads from Dunglas Bridge, to the town of Haddingtoun, and».* from

from thence to Raven/haughbumy in the county of Haddiwgtoun.f

Cap. 75. For continuing and rendering more effectual an act for "repairing the road from Bowes in the county of York % to Brough under Stainmofe in the county of Westmorland; and for repairing and widening the road from Maiden Castle to Kdber Cross, and also the road from Maiden Castle to the coal works at Taylor Rig, and to Tan Hill and King's Pitts; and also the road from Barrow's Brow to Middle Fell Dyke Nook, in the said counties 5 and also from Tan Hill and King's Pitts to Beck Crooks, and Punchatt Pasture West Gate to Whaw Lane Heady and by Lilly Jocks to Reeth.

Cap. 76. To repeal so much of an act passed in the second1 year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from the White Post on Hafelden's Woody in the parish of Cran-brookgy to Appledore Heathy and other roads in the county of Kent, as relates to the road from Goldford Green to Tanner's Vent; for enlarging the term and powers of the said act, with respect to the other roads therein contained; and for amending the road from the turnpike road in the parish of Tenderden through Rohenden, to the turnpike road in the parish of Newenden, in the said county.

Cap. 77. For repairing and widening the road leading from Taly Cafn Ferry in the county of Caernarvon and through the towns of Conway, Bangor, and Caernarvon to the town of Pwll-befy in the same county.

Cap. 78. For repairing and widening the road from Maidstone through Debtling to Key Street, in the parishes of Borden and Bobbing in the county of Kent.

Cap. 79. For repairing and widening the road from Beverley to the ferry at Hefsky and from the Malton guide post to the gravel pit at Cottingham, in the county of York.

Cap. 80. For repairing and widening the road from Cheadle to Botham Houfty and from thence to Butterton Moor End, in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 81. For repairing and widening the road from Darlp Moor in the county of Derby, to EUafion in the county of Staff ford i and from thence to the turnpike road between Leek and Ashbomey in the said counties of Derby and Stafford.

Cap. 82. For the more effectual relief of the poor in the county of Devon.

Cap. 83. For laying open and widening certain ways and past-fagts within the town of Birmingham; and for cleansing and lighting the streets, lanes, ways, and passages there; and for re? moving and preventing nusances and obstructions therein.

Cap. 84. For building a bridge at Worcester, over the river Seventy and opening convenient avenues to the said bridge.

Cap. 85. For building a chapel at Plymouth Dock$ in the parish of Stoke Damerell in the county of Devon.

Cap. 86. For repairing the roads leading from the turnpike road in Tringy in the county of Hertford, through Dunjlabley Hitchin Baldocky and Royftony to the turnpike road at or near 'Bourn Bridge j and from the west end of Welbury Lane to the turnpike road at the south end of Barton^ in the counties of Hertford, Bucks, Bedford, and Cambridge.

Cap. 87. To continue and render more effectual an Act passed in the thirtieth year of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from Hitebin in the county of Hertford, 'through Shefford* 1 to the turnpike road from Saint Albans to Bedfotdy and other I roads therein mentioned; and for repairing and widening the 1 road from Shejford way post, to the turnpike road at Henlow in the county of Bedford.

Cap. 88. For repairing the road from Stoney Stratford in the county of Bucks, through the towns of Buckingham and Bicester, to the town of Woodstock in the county of Oxford*

Cap. 89. For making a road from the south end of Blackfriars bridge to the present turnpike road cross Saint George's fields, and from thence to some place at or near the house call The Dog 1 and Ducky and to Newington Buusy in the county of Surry; and for empowering the trustees for carrying into execution an ack passed in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his late Majesty, to repair, light, and watch the said roads, when made.

Cap. 90. For enlarging the term and powers of two aAs passed in the third and twenty second years of his late Majesty, for repairing the several roads leading into the city of Hereford* and for amending the roads to Lancloudy Hill and Langua Bridge.

Cap. 91. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, an a A passed in the twenty seventh year of King George the Second* 1 for repairing and widening the toad from Leicester to Nafborough, and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick, and other roads, and for other purposes in, the said act mentioned, so far as the same relates to the road from the borough of Leicester to the town of Narborough, and from Leicester to Hinckley in the county of Leicester.

Cap. 92. To amend an Act of the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing and widening the road from Tunbridge to Maidstone, and from Wafs Cross to Cowden9 in the county of Kenty so far as the same relates to the repair of the road from Wat's Cross to Cowden \ and for repairing the roads leading from Sevenoakes Common to Crockhurst Hatch Corner, and from Benjhurst town to Southborough in the said county.

Cap. 93. To continue and render more effectual two aAs for amending several roads leading from the city of Exeter, and for repairing and widening several other roads therein mentioned j and for rebuilding or repairing Exe Bridge, and ^making the a* venues leading thereto more commodious; and for building a bridge over the river Exe % aljor near Countess. Wear in the county of Devon.

Cap. 94, For repealing so much of two several acts of parliament made and passed in the seventeenth and twenty eighth years of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relate to the road from the end of the county of Stafford in the post road towards the city of Chestery through Woor9 inahe county of Salop, to Nantwich in the county of Chefer9 and from

Nantwich to Tarporley* and from thence through Tarvin in the said county of Chester to the said city of Chester, and for more effectually repairing, widening, and supporting the same road; and also far repairing and widening the road from Northwich, in the said county of Chester, to the cross in Tarvin aforesaid.

Cap. 95. To empower the trustees of the will of the late general Puluneyi and other trustees appointed by this act, to purchase and exchange lands and grounds* in the manor of Bath* -nick in the county of Somerset, for the purpose of making certain roads and ways to and from a free bridge by them intended to be built over the river Avon in the fain courity j and alfa to empower the persons in possession of the said estate for the time being, under the said will, to grant leases of certain lends and housesin the said manor; and likewise to enable the said trustees to grant certain grounds arid springs of water within the said manor of Bathwick, to the mayor, aidermetl, and citizens of Bath$ and for extending the jurisdiction of the said mayor, aldermen, and citizens, over part of the said manor of Bathwick; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN act for naturalizing John Dufaur.

2. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, and common grounds, in the township of , in the parish and manor of Kimbdton, in the county of y

3. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, commonable lands, common, arable, meadow, pasture, and watte grounds, within the parish of in the county of Warwick.

4. An act to enable Henry Thomas , esquire, to take

ana use the fprname of Gott, pursuant to the will of Mary deceased.

5. An act for naturalizing George Madrass.

6. An act for naturalizing John Henry

7, An act for naturalizing Paul

8. An act for vetting certain lands, in the parish of ,

in the county of Kent, devised by the will of Thomas Farrington

esquire, deceased, in trustees, to^convey the same to Charles lord Catnden; and for settling lands, to be in exchange; and for laying out money arising by sale thereof, in other lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to be conveyed to the same uses.

9, An act for confirming articles of agreement, and for effecting an exchange of lands, between the most noble George duke of Marlborough, and the warden and scholars of Merton College in Oxford.

10. An act for appointing jointures for the wives, and providing portions for the younger children, of the right honourable WtUottgbbyearl of Abingdon, and the honourable Peregrine

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Bertie, his brother; and for other the purposes therein mentioned.

11. An act to enable Sir Wat Williams Wynn baronet, a minor, to make a settlement on his intended marriage with the lady Henrietta Somerset.

12. An act for discharging divers messuages, lands, and hereditaments, part of the estate of Sir Bellingham Graham baronet, in the county of York, from the uses and trulls limited and declared by the will of the honourable Mary Graham deceased; and for settling other lands and hereditaments, other part of the estate of the said Sir Bellingham , in the said county, of

greater value, in lieu thereof, to the like uses.

13. An act to impower Richard Garth esquire, to make leases of his settled estates, in the county of , for building upon and improving the same.

14. An act for vesting certain messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in Baldock, in the county of devised by the will of Edward Sparhauke gentleman, deceased, in Lawndcy -

hauke esquire, and his heirs, discharged from the uses of the said will; and for substituting and settling an undivided moiety of other lands and hereditaments, in in lieu thereof, and to the like uses.

15. An act for vesting part of the settled estate of the reverend William Lloyd clerk, in trustees, for raising money, to discharge the debts, legacies, and incumbrances, affecting the lame; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

16. An act for confirming a partition, between John Edwards esquire, John Freemantle esquire, and Frances his wife, and Mary Edwards spinster, of several estates, in the county of Middlesex, and city of Bristol, devised by the will of John -

pens esquire, deceased; and of the residue of the personal estate of the said John Scoppens.

17. An act to enable Charles Biddulph esquire, and his three

infant sons, John Biddulph, Charles and Thomas -

dulph, to grant leases of certain manors, capital,1 and other messuages, mansion houses, forms, lands, tenements, and hereditaments* situate in the several counties of and

Staffordof which they are tenants for life successively.

18. An act for dividing and indoling the common fields, commons, and waste grounds, in the manor and parish of Hil-b or owe., in the county of Norfolk.

19. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, in the parish of in the county of Gloucester.

20. An act for dividing and inclosing an open common^ in

the parish of Walburton, in the county of

21. An act for dividing and inclosing certain opeft fields, meadows, ings, and common lands, within the parish of -vington, in the east riding of the county of York.

22. An act for dividing and inclosing several common fields,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

grounds, and pastures, within the parish of in the county of Lincoln.

23. An act for dividing and inclosing several open fields, meadow grounds, and ings, and the moor or common, and waste ground, within the manor and township of in the county of York.

24. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open fields;

lands, and grounds, within the township of in the east

riding of the county of York.

25. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and watye grounds, in the parish of Eaton, in the county of

26. An act for dividing inclosing, and draining, the open fields, meadows, fens, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, in the parish of North Hickham, in the county of

27. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, within the lordship or liberty of Markfield, in the county of Leicester, and the common ground there, lying within the ring or boundaries of the same fields, or adjoining thereto.

28. An act for dividing and inclosing the open arable fields, meadow grounds, commons, pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the manor or parish of Grendon

derwood, in the county of Buckingham.

29. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common pastures, waste grounds, and other commonable lands, in the parish of Shaxton, otherwise , otherwise Shacker -flon, in the county of Leicester.

30. An act for the more effectual draining, embanking, and

preserving, certain fen lands, and low grounds, in the hamlet of Wimblington, in the parish of , and in the parish of

Chatterefs, within the isle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge.

31. An act for dividing and inclosing several open fields, common pastures, and open lands and grounds, within the township of Nafftrton and Wansford, in the parish of , in

the east riding of the county of York.

72. An act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the open fields, lands, and grounds, within the manor, and parish of

Thwing, in the east riding of the county of York.

33. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open fields,

lands, meadows, pastures, moors, commons, and other open grounds, within the township of , otherwise ,

jn Holderne/s, in the county of York.

34. An act for dividing and inclosing that part or share of

BelperJVard, which belongeth to Hin the county

25. An act for dividing and inclosing the moor, or common,

called Crofgate Moor, in the parish of Saint ', in the county

palatine of Durham; and for extinguishing all right of common in certain inclosed intercommon lands there.

36. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and common and waste grounds, in the manor, parish, liberties or precincts of CuUington, in the county of Buckingham.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

37. An act to enable the reverend his first and

other Tons, and their heirs male, to take and use the fufname Davies, in pursuance of the will of the reverend

doctor in divinity, deceased.

38. An act to enable Stephen P, esquire, and his issue, to

take, use, and bear the surname and arms of pursuant to the will of Tobias Wall Gallway esquire, deceased.

39. An act for naturalizing LewDiedrick

40. An act for naturalizing Henry

41. An act for naturalizing Peter and David Lewis Godin.

42. An act, for vesting in Charles duke of and

Dover, and his heirs, in fee simple, certain lands, part of his entailed estate, in the county of Dumfries j apd for settling in lieu thereof other land;, lying contiguous tp, apd interfperfpd with, the said entailed estate.

43. An act for vesting in trustees, certain timber trees, and other trees, (landing and being uppn the estates of Sir Thomas Broughton, in the counties of Chej and; and to enable them to fell, cut down, fell, and dispose of, the same; and to lay out a competent part of the money, arising by thp sale thereof, in rebuilding the ancient mansion house of the family, called Doddington Hall, in the county of , and the necessary offices to be enjoyed therewith; and for other purposes.

44. An act for vesting the settled estate of Edward AJlley baronet, in the county of Warwick, in him, in fee simple, discharged of the uses of the settlement made on his marriage with Rhoda Aftley his former wife, deceased; and for substituting and settling an undivided moiety of other lands and hereditaments, in the county 6f Norfolk, of greater value, in lieu thereof, to the same uses, with such powers as are therein mentioned.

45. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of

Swinburn esquire, in the county of , and town

and county of the town of Newcastle upon , in trustees, in trust to sell the same; and to lay out and apply the money to arise by such sale in the purchase of other estates, in the county of Durham \ and for other purposes therein mentioned.

46. An act for vesting the estates of the honourable William

Noel esquire, deceased, situate in , in the county of

Lincoln, jn trustees, to sell the same, and apply the money arising therefrom as therein mentioned.

47. An act for dividing and inclosing the open arable fields, meadow, and pasture grounds, in the township of *, in the parish of Preston, in Holderness, in the east riding of the county of York.

48. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields, and grounds, within the parish of South *, in the county of Lincoln.

49. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open lands and grounds, in the parish of Barnolby k , in the county of Lincoln.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

50. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields and grounds, within the parish of in the county of Lincoln.

51. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open fields, lands, and grounds, in the several townships of Atterby y , and Waddingham, in the county of Lincoln.

52. An act for dividing and inclosing the town fields, common balks, stinted pastures, and waste grounds in the town-ship of Sutton, and parish of N, in the east riding of the county of York.

53. An act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, certain open

fields, lands, and commons, within the townships of Sheriff Hutton and West Lifting) in the parish of Sheriff , in the county of York.

54. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open grounds,

lying in Ofbaldvoick, with Gate and it*

die county of York.

55. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, arable meadow, and pasture grounds, within the manor and pasture of Walfingham, in the county palatine of Durham.

56. An act to diflolye the marriage of Henry duke

of Grafton, with the honourable Ann Liddell his now wife; and

to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned,

57. An act to diflofve the marriage of John with

Sarah Macelcan his now wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

58. An act for felling the capital messuage or tmnsion-house, called Percy Lodgey and divers lands and hereditaments in the county of Bucks y devised by the will of the most noble Frances late dutchess dowager of Somerset; and for laying out the money arifingjiy such sale in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same uses.

59. An act for vesting part of the real estate, devised and di-

reded to be purchased, by the will of Henry earl of ,

in the kingdom of Ireland, deceased, and in ,

London, in trustees, to be sold or mortgaged; and for laying out the money arising by sale or mortgage thereof, in the purchase of manors, lands, or hereditaments, in , to be settled to the uses of his said will; and for enabling the persons therein mentioned to grant such leases as are therein expressed.

60. An act for changing and altering the course of descent

of copyhold estates held (of the manor of Wolve , in the county of Worcester) from the nature of Borough to the

course of descent according to common law.

61. An act to enable the reverend Christopher , doctor in divinity, prebendary of the cathedral church of Saint PauU

London, to make and grant, unto the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, a lease of the prebendal estate of Halliwell and Finfiury, in th9 fyburba of the said city, for a term of ninety nine years.

62. An act for vesting the settled estate of John Barrow, in the county of Chester, in trustees, to be sold for the payment of debts, and other purposes therein mentioned.

63. An act for vesting the real estates late of Richard Chhhester esquire, deceased, in England, in trustees, to be sold, to raiie money, to be applied to pay off the legacies charged upon and aiFefting the same, and the interest thereof, under the direction of the court of chancery; and for the other purposes therein mentioned.

64. An act to impower Anthony Chapman, esquire, to grant.leases of part of his settled estates in the county of Middlesex, and city of London.

65. An act for dividing the vicarage of Kingston upon Thames* in the county of Surrey, with the several chapelries or curacies thereto belonging, or thereon dependent, into two separate vicarages, and two separate perpetual curacies, in such manner as is therein mentioned.

66. An act to enable the corporation of the city of Bristol9 to exchange the building of the hospital called Opueen ElifabetVs Ho/pitalj for the building called The Bartholomew s % in the said city; and for altering the times for holding Brijlolfairs.

67. An act for inclosing and dividing several woods and woodlands, and a certain close or parcel of land or ground. Called West Coat Wood Close, and the commons and waste grounds, within the manors of Saint Catharine Endy in the parish of Ry- Jlipy in the county of Middlesex.

68. An act for dividing and inclosing several common arable fields, common pastures, and other indofed grounds within the township of Toulthorpey in theeaft riding of the county of York.

69. An act for dividing and inclosing several open fields, meadows, ings, dinted pastures, and other lands and grounds, within the manor oi 'Poppletony and a piece of waste ground called ScagUthorpe Moory in the manor of Scaglethorpe^ all in the county of the city of York.

70. An act for dividing and inclosing several open fields, grounds, commons, and wastes, within the township of Ebber Jiony in the county of York, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

71. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open arable 1 fields, meadow grounds, commons, pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the township of Hutton CYanJwick, in the east riding of the county of York.

72. An act for dividing and inclosing several common arable fields in the moor or common, within"the township of Haxby* in the north riding of the county of York.

73. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, and pther commonable lands, and grounds, in the hamlet of Knuftoni in the parish of Irchrfter, ift the county of Northampton.

74. An act for dividing and inclosing the open commons, and waste grounds, within the manor of Qrton % in the county of Westmoreland.

75. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields and commonable lands, in the parishes of Chipping Norton and Salford, in the county of Oxford.

76. An act for dividing and inclofifcg a moor, or common, called Throughend Common, in the parUh of Elfdon, in the county of Northumberland.

77. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields of Fleckney, in the county of Leicester.

78. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, downs, and commonable lands, lying within the manors and parishes of Hofyrood Ampney otherwise Ampney Cruets, and Ampney Mary otherwise Ashbrook, in the county of Gloucester.

79. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields of Thulfton, otherwise Thurlfton, in the county of Leicester.

80. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and waste grounds of the township of Wiggington, in the county of York.

81. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open fields, arable lands, and waste grounds, within the several manors and lordships of Laughton-en-le-Morthen, Slade-Hooton, and Hooton-Slade, in the parish of Laughton-en - le- Mar then, in the west riding of the county 01 York.

82. An act for discharging certain estates of Denys Rolle esquire, in the counties of Somerset and Wilis, from the Uses thereof limited and declared; and for veiling the same in trustees, to be sold, and applying the purchase money for the purposes therein mentioned; and for settling other estates in the county of Devon, of greater value, to the like uses.

83. An act for revoking and making void part of the trusts declared by an act of parliament, passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for felling part of the settled estates of Robert Dolman esquire, in Pocklington and elsewhere, in the county of York, for discharging the debts and incumbrances of himself and Robert Dolman the younger, his eldest son, affetting the same; and for making provision for Robert Dolman the younger, and for the younger children of Robert Dolman the elder; and for declaring other trusts relative thereto.; and for making provision for payment of other debts and incumbrances of the said Robert Dolman the eider, and Robert Dolmah jhe younger, not provided for by the said act; and for making a recompence and provision for the first and other sons in succession, or other heirs of the bodies of the said Robert Dolman the younger, and Peggy his wife, during the lives of their said father and mother, and the survivor of them; and for the better security of purchasers under the said act.

84. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of the reverend Thomas Whitehurst'clerk, and Sarah his wife, in the counties of Hertford and Bedford, in the said Thomas Whitehurst, in fee simple; and for settling other estates of the said Thomas Whitehurst, in the said county of Hertford, to the same uses as the said estates were settled.

85. An act for confirming, and carrying into execution, certain agreements, entered into between William Hurst, William PoweTly esquires, and others, for raising money out of the collates late of Thomas Herbert esquire, in the counties of Glamorgan and Monmouth^ for payment of the debts and legacies of Lucy Alletty and for other purposes; and for settling the residue of the said estates to the uses of her will.

86. An act for vesting in trustees, to be sold, the freehold and inheritance of the estate of George Markham esquire, deceased, in the county of Lincoln, along with a precedent term there* in, and for other purposes.

87. An act for obviating a doubt arising on the settlement of Peregrine Bertie esquire with Catharine his present wife.

88. An act for indemnifying Thomas Twijleton and Francis Twijletony esquires, the purchasers of certain lands and hereditaments, in the county of Oxford, belonging to James Nefs gentleman, and Charlotte his wife, as to the payment of their purchase money, and settling the same for the purposes therein mentioned.

89. An act for dividing and inclosing Several open fields, common pastures, and parcels of land and grounds, within the township of Bishop Wilton, in the east riding of the county of York.

90. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the manor and parish of Sundon, in the county of Bedford.

91. An act for dividing and inclosing all the open fields, meadows, pastures, and all other open commonable and waste lands, within the parish of HucknaUTwkardy in the county of Nottingham.

92. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, downs, and commonable lands, within the manor and lordship of Coin Saint Jldwins, in the county of Gloucester.

93. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, pastures, and other commonable lands, in the liberties of Sudbrooky within the manor and parish of Ancaster, in the county of Lincoln.

94. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, and pastures, in the lordship of Claypole; within the manor and parish of Claypoky in the county of Lincoln.

95. An act for dividing and inclosing certain commons or moors within the township of Bramley, in the parish of Braitb- welly in the county of York.

96. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields, commonable lands, and waste grounds, in the parish of Woottony in the county of Oxford.

97. An act for inclosing certain common and uninclosed tracts of land, in the parishes of Horfington3 Wsncanton9 and Mapper-tony in the county of Somerset.

98. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, common pastures, and waste grounds, within the town-ships of Beckingham and Sutton % in the manor and parish of Beckingbatoy in the county of Lincoln.

99. An act for dividing/ and inclosing a certain moor, or common, in the township of Thornley, in the parish of Wolfing-bam, and within the manor of Brancepeth, in the county pah-tine of Durham.

100. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paliures, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parifit and liberty of Pavenham, in the county of Bedford.

101. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common grounds, and commonable lands, in the parish and township of Bedworth9 in the county of Warwick; and for regulating certain charity ellates within the said parish*

102. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain open and common field, and commonable lands, in the townships and liberties of Upper Middleton Cheney, and Lower Middleton Cheney, in the county of Northampton.

103. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common paliures, and other uninclosed grounds, within the manor and township of Aclomey in the east riding of the county of York.

104. An act for embanking, draining, and preserving, certain low grounds, in the parishes or townships of Laneham, Hampton, Trefwelly South Levertony North Levertony Habblef-thorpe % otherwise Apefihorpey Littlebroughy Sturtony Fentony and West Burtony in the county of Nottingham.

105. An act to enable the right honourable James Grenville, and the right honourable Charles earl Cornwallis to take in Great Britain, the oath of office, as vice treasurer and receiver general and paymaster general of all his Majesty's revenues in the kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the enjoyment of the said offices.

106. An act to enable William Walfl\y heretofore called William Mofefy, and his issue, to take and use the surname and arms of Waljby pursuant to the will of William Waljhy deceased.

107. An act for naturalizing Samuel Canale esquire, and his issue, to take and use the surname and arms of Thorold.

108. An act for naturalizing Gerard Backus and Leonard Hods.

109. An act for naturalizing John Christian Hoffman.

110. An act for vesting the ellates of the right honourable William late earl of Stafford, deceased, in the counties of Stafford and Salop, deviled by his will, in trustees, to be sold for the payment of the debts and incumbrances affecting the same; and for other purposes.

111. An act for vesting in trustees several real ellates, late of Jane Torrey widow, deceased, in Hefsle9 Tranby, Ankby, and elsewhere, within the county of the town of Kingston upon Hull, which were given and deviled, by her will, to and for the benefit of the reverend Mr. James Torre, clerk, her son, and his children, upon trull, to sell the same, and apply the money to arise by the sale in manner therein expressed.

112. An act for dividing and inclosing several open fields, common and walle grounds, in the parish of Blidworthy in the county of Nottingham.

THE

Statutes at Large,

Anno nono Georgii III. Regis.

Being the SECOND Session of the

Thirteenth Parliament of Great Britain,

BY

DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's Inn, Esq;

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III, Regis Magna Britanniae, Franciae, & Hiberniae, nono.

AT the parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the eighth day of November, Anno Dom. 1768, in the ninth year of the reign of our sovereign Lord George the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. Being the second session of the thirteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act to prohibit, for a further time, the exportation of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch; and also the extraction of low wines and spirits from wheat and wheat flour.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the exportation of any sort of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch, out of the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland should be prohibited for a further time; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

---

[No person

That from and after the twenty sixth day of November, one thousand seven a?yoFthe hundred and sixty eight, no person or persons whatsoever shall, commodities directly or indirectly, export, transport, carry, or convey, or here mention, cause or procure to be exported, transported, carried, or con-<, »fr?mG[ea* veyed, out of or from the said kingdoms of Great Britain or re*

Ireland % or load or lay on board, or cause or procure to be*' laden or laid on board, in any ship or other vessel, or boat, in order to be exported or carried out of the said kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, any sort of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, -or (larch, under the penalties and forfei- ° forfeiture J-turns herein after mentioned; that is to say. That all the said of the£une» commodities that shall be so exported, shipped, or laid on board, or loaded to be exported, shipped, or carried out, contrary to this act, shall be forfeited; and that every offender or offenders'L 3 therein

142 Anno nono Georgii III. c«1. [176?.

and ips. per therein shall forfeit the sum of twenty shillings for every bushel comCl rain^1 corn' Sra*n> ma^' mea*? or flour» an<* twelve pence for every malt! meal*, pound weight of bread, biscuit, or ffarch 5 and so in proportion and flour 5*for any greater or less quantity which shall be so exported* and nd. per shipped, or put on board to be exported; and also the ship, breadf biscuit ^oat> or ve^eU upon which any of the said commodities shall or starch; 'be exported, shipped, or laden to be exported, and all her and also of the guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture, shall be forfeited; and vessel, &c. one moiety of all the said penalties and forfeitures shall be to the King's majesty, his heirs, and successors, and the other mpiety to him or them that will sue for the same; and for offences In what which shall be committed in that part of Great Britain called

courts the said England, such penalties and forfeitures shall be recovered by Ibed for*and 6 a<^on bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Ma-

recovered. jesty's courts of record at Westminster* or before the justices of allize, or at the great sessions in Wales* or by information, at any general quarter sessions of the peace for thfe county, city, riding, division, or place, where the offence shall be commit* ted; and in such suit, no efffoin, protection, privilege, oV wager of law, shall be allowed; and for offences which shall be com* putted in that part of Great Britain called Scotland$ by adrian or summary bill, or information, in the courts of Teflions or ex* I chequer in Scotland; and for offences which shall be committed

I in Ireland, in his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, or at

the general quarter sessions of the peace for the county, city, or Mailer and place, where the offence shall be committed; and that the mariners of tnaffer and mariners of any such ship, boat, or vessel, wherein fcUffiftic " any such offence shall be committed, knowing such offence, liable to f* sind wittingly and willingly aiding and assisting the reunto, and months im- being thereof duly convicted in any such courts as aforesaid, prisonment. shall be imprisonea for the space of three months without bail or mainpfize.

Officers, and II. And be it fqrther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That other persons Jt shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, authorized, being an officer or officers of the customs, or being lawfully authorized in this behalf by the lord high treasurer of Great Britain, or the of of the treasury for the time beings may seize any or any three or more of them, to take and seize all such of the of the said said commodities, not allowed to be exported by this act, as he ^ppedf&c.S or lbey happen to find, know, or diicover, to be laid on contrary to* board any ship, or other vessel, or boat at sea, or in any port, the intent of or in any navigable river or water, to the intent or purpose to this a ft j be exported, transported, or conveyed, out of Great Britain or

together with Ireland, contrary to the true intent of this act; and also the the vessel. ship, vessel, or boat, in which the* same shall be found 5 and to The goods to bring the said goods to the King's warehouse or warehouses be* be lodged in longing to the customhouse next to the place where such seizures the King's shall be made, or to same o: her safe place (where there are no warehouses* such warehouses) in order to be proceeded against according to law; and in case of recovery, to be divided in manner as aforesaid.

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. i. 143

III. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein Prohibition contained, shall not extend to prohibit the exportation of such or notrto ext'n^ io much of the said commodities, as shall be necessary to be'tj Udcom? carried in any ship or ships, or other vessel or vessels, in their modities.a*' respective voyages, for the sustenance, diet, and support, of the toll be necef-commanders, mailers, mariners, passengers, or others, in the fa>7 to to same ships or vessels only} or for the yi&ualling or providing "n*t^eJev* any of his Majesty's ships of war, or other ships or vessels in his ages Majesty's Service, or for his Majesty's forces, forts, or garrisons) or for hit Ms. any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. j*fty'*ship»of

IV. Provided also, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to prohibit any person or persons to nor to such M ship or put on board any of the commodities aforesaid, to be shall be carried carried coastwif^} that is to say. From any port, creek, or mem- coastwise j ber of the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, to any other'port, creek or member of the same respectively, having such or the like coast cocquet, or Sufferance for that purpose, and Security being such or the like Sufficient Security being first given for the land- first ciren for ing and discharging the same in Some other port, member, or the due land-creek, of the Said kingdoms, and returning a certificate in fix , ng thereof { months, as is required by law in cases where goods, which are liable to pay duties on exportation, are carried coastwise from one port of Great Britain to another, and not otherwise.

V. Provided also, That this act, or any thing herein con- nor to such as tained, shall not extend to any of the Said commodities which toll be ex-Shall be exported, or shipped to be exported, out of or from JjjreMBrSsda Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain; or to Ireland-or from Great Britain or Ireland, to Gibraltar or Minorca, or unto from Ireland any of his Majesty's islands or colonies in America, that have to Great Bri-usually been Supplied with any of the Said commodities from*or l. Great Britain or Ireland, for the sustentation of the inhabitants norca, oH8ri-of the said islands, colonies, or dominions; or for the benefit thh colonies in of tht.British fishery in those parts only; so as the exporter do, America i or before the shipping or laying on board the same, declare the

island, colony, or dominion, islands, colonies, or dominions, the^xporter1 for which the said commodities are respectively designed, and giving securi-do become bound with other sufficient security in treble the va- ty for the du* lue thereof, to the of or chief officer or officers of lacting, &c. his Majesty's customs belonging to the port or place where the same shall be shipped or put on board (who hath or have hereby power to take such security in his Majesty's name, and to his Majesty's use) that such commodities shall not belauded or fold in any parts whatsoever, other than the kingdoms, dominions, islands, or colonies, for which the same shall be so declared; and that a certificate under the hand and seal of the collector, and returning comptroller, or other, chief officer of the customs, or if no a certificate, such, of the naval officer, or some >ther principal officer of the port where the same shall be landed, shall, within thp respective times herein after for that purpose mentioned (the danger of the seas excepted) be returned to the officers who took the (kid bonds, that the said commodities have been landed at the

L3 port

144 Anno notio Georgii IIJ. c. i; [176S.

port or place for which the same shall he so declared; and for the taking of such security, and for giving such certificates (which the respective officers aforesaid are hereby on demand required to give) no fee or reward shall be demanded or receiv-OiRcer mak- ed.an(j if any officer shall make any false certificate of any ti^cate for- ^ucJl comm°dities being so landed, such officer shall forfeit the feitsiool. and sum of two hundred pounds, and lose his employment, and be is incapaci- incapable of serving his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, in tated. any office relating to the customs; and if any person shall coun-

Other person terfeit, rafe, or falsify, any such certificate, or knowingly pub-ingn&c. any H1 any such counterfeit, rased, or false certificate, he shall for-certificate,frit the sum of two hundred pounds, and such certificate shall forfeits aool. he void and of noeffect5 which said penalties for offences cfexn-&c*.mitted in Great Britain or Ireland, shall be recovered in the same

what courts courts> a°dn same manner, as the other penalties inflicted to be recover* by this act are recoverable$ and for offences committed in the ed. colonies or plantations in America, or other the dominions be-

longing to the crown of Great Britain in Europe, shall be re-A plication coveredn high court of admiralty, or in any chief Court of thereof. civil or criminal jurisdiction, in such respective colonies, plan-Bonds to be tatI0ns> or dominions; and shall be divided into equal moieties prosecuted between his Majesty and the informer; and the said bond or within 3years, bonds, if not prosecuted within three years* shall be void. Prohibition VI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall ex-not to extend tend to prohibit the exportation of beans to the British forts, ^rted^to the ca^es> and factories in Africa, or for the use of the ships trad-British forts, ing upon that coast, that usually have been supplied with the &c. in Africa, same, from Great Britain or Ireland; so as the like security be &c* given for the exporting thereof, as is required by this act to be

given by persons carrying any of the said commodities to the British colonics in America. nor to any of VII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall ex- I th^d*ald C°m- ten<* to Pr°bibit the united company of merchants of England porteTby die trading to the East Indies, from exporting any of the said com-East India modities to any of their forts, fastories, or settlements, for the company to support of the persons redding the re; so as the like security be their forts, given for the exporting thereof, as is required by this act to be given by persons carrying any of the said commodities to the British colonies in America. nor to wheat, VIII. Provided also, That this act, or any thing herein concur. nwlti tained, shall not extend to any wheat, flour, malt, barley, bread, bfftmt or biscuit, or pease, to be transported out of, or from, the port of pease, from Southampton only, unto the islands of Jersey, Guernjiy, and Al-Southampton derney, or any of them, for the only use of the inhabitants of to Jersey, those islands; so as the exporter before the lading of such com* Altone?' &c. or laying the same on board, do become bound with

for the me of* other sufficient security in treble the value thereof (which the the inhabi- customer or comptroller of the same port hath hereby power to tants. only, take in his Majesty's name, and to his Majesty's use, and forc# which security no fee or reward shall be given or taken) that

such commodities shall be landed in the said islands of Jersey

Gueru*

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. t. 14$

Guernfai and Alderney > or one of them (the danger of the firas only excepted) for the use of the inhabitants there, and shall not be landed or fold in any other parts whatsoever, and to retorn the like certificates of the landing the same there, as are herein required on the exportation of the said commodities to*the BrtU/b colonies in America, and within the time for that purpose herein mentioned; and so as the quantity of wheat, foasthequan-flour, malt, barley, bread, biscuit, and pease, which at any tny exceed time or times during the continuance of this act, shall be ship- m

ped at the said port for the said islands, or either of them as a- die whole*foresaid, doth not exceed in the whole five thousand quarters; any thing herein contained to die contrary notwithstanding.

IX. Provided also, That this act shall not extend to any nor to wheat,

wheat, barley, oats, meal, or flour, to be transported out of or barley, cats, from the ports of Whitehaven or Liverpoole only, into the Isle 0/^' white*9 Man % for the only use of the inhabitants of that island; so as or Li* the exporter, before the lading of such wheat, barley, oats, verpooletothe meal, or flour, or laying the same on board, do become bound, Me of Man, with other sufficient security, in treble the value thereof (which f?r °* the customer or comptroller of either of the said ports respec- tantsonlY^&c, tively hath hereby power to take in his Majesty's name, and to

his Majesty's use, for which security no fee or reward shall be

given or taken) that such wheat, barley, oats, meal, or flour,

shall be landed in the said Isle of Man (the danger of the seas only excepted) for the use of the inhabitants there, and shall not be landed or fold in any other parts whatsoever; and to return the like certificates of the landing the same there, as are by this act required on the exportation of the said commodities to the British colonies in America, and within the time for that so {he purpose herein mentioned; and so.as the whole quantity of^ced'not 1coo wheat, 'barley, oats, meal, and flour; which, at any time or quarters in times during the continuance of this act, shall be shipped at the whole; both the said ports for the said Isle of Many shall not exceeed one moiety t6 in the whole two thousand five hundred quarters; one moiety wtatThave^ thereof to be exported from the said poTt of Whitehaven, and the ancjj the otheJ, other moiety thereof to be exported from the said port of Liver- moiety from poole \ any thing herein containedto the contrary notwithstanding. Liverpoole;

X. Provided also, That nbthing in this act contained shall nor to wheat extend to prohibit the committee of merchants trading to Africa

from exporting, during the continuance of this act, any quan- quarters*00 tity of wheat flour, not exceeding two hundred quarters; or nor to bread any quantity of bread or biscuit, not exceeding fifteen tons or biscuit, not in the whdle of such bread or biscuit, or of such bread and bif- exceeding 15 cuit together, to the British forts, castles, and fadories in Afri- by^hecom-ca % for the support of the persons residing the re; so as the like mittee of A-security be given for the exporting thereof, as is herein required frica mer-to be given by persons carrying the said commodities to the chants to their British^olonieS in America.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid; commission-That the of of tfye customs for the time being shall, er» of the cu-and they ar« hereby required, to give a full and true account ftom* to re*

L 4 inturn an ac*

14$ Anno nono Georgii III. c.i. [1768.

(want to par- In writing, to both houses of parliament, at the beginning of the Mraand next feon t^erco^ of all corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, other com- bread, biscuit, and starch, that shall before that time be ex-modifies so ported to any place whatsoever by virtue or in pursuance of any

exported. of the liberties or powers hereby given or granted for that purpose.

Timet limited

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, fortr.^ur.mn8 That all certificates of the landing.and discharging of the said where'boiidg comm°dities to be exported, other than coadwife, shall be re-are taken. turned within the respective times following; that is to say. Where the bonds are taken in respect of any of the said commodities to be exported from Great Britain or Ireland, to any of said the colonies or plantations in America, within eighteen calendar months after the date of such bonds; and where to Gibraltar or Minorca, within twelve calendar months after the date of such bonds; and where to the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Man, within six calendar months after the date of such bonds; and where from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, within six calendar months after the date of such bonds respectively.

Ho drawback

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority or bounty to aforesaid. That no corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, bif-of 5tecom-ny cu't» or starch, which.shall be. exported by virtue of this act, modifies so" shall be intitled to any of the bounties or drawbacks which are exported. allowed and made payable on the exportation of such commodities, or any of them.

Prohibition

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing not to extend herein contained shall extend to prohibit the exportation of rice to rice. QUt of kingdom.

XV, And whereas it is expedient that the extraction of low wines or spirits from wheat or wheat four should be prohibited for a further time; be it therefore further enacted by the authority atore-The extrac- said, That from and after the twenty sixth day of November, tien of low 5ne thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, no low wines or rits frorli*fp*r*ts whatsoever shall be made, extracted, or diddled, within wheat or this kingdom, from any wheat or wheat flour: and if any dif-wheat flour tiller or maker of low wines or spirits, or any other person or prohibited, persons whatsoever, shall make, extract, or distill, or cause or procure to be made, extracted, or diddled, any low wines or spirits from any wheat or wheat flour, or shall use or mix, or cause or procure to be used or mixed, any wheat or wheat flour in any worts or wash, in order for the making, extracting, or diddling, low wines or spirits, or shall put or lay, or cause or procure to be put or laid, in any tun, walh-batch, calk, copper, dill, or other veil'd or utensil, any wheat or wheat flour for the purpose of preparing any worts or wash, or for making, extracting, or diddling, low -wines or spirits, whether such tun, walh-batch, calk, copper, dill, or other vessel or utensil, hath or hath not been duly entered at the excise office; that then, and in each and every of the said cases, such diddler or maker of low wines or spirits, or other person or persons, acting contrary

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c.i. 147

trary to the directions of this act, or the person or persons in whose custody or possession any such tun, wa(h-batch, calk, copper, still, or other vessel or utensil, which shall be made under penalty use of contrary to the intention of this act, shall be found, °*?°J\

shall respectively, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the a?UheUfaid sum of two hundred pounds, and all such wheat or wheat commodities, flour, and such worts and wash, low wines and (pints, shall be also forfeited.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Wheat and That if any wheat or wheat flour shall be found in any work- wheat flour house, stillhouse^ storehouse, warehouse, or any other place, found many wherein low wines or spirits, or worts or wash, shall be made, {opines1* extracted, distilled, or prepared, or where any low wines or and spirits art spirits, or worts of wash, shall have been made, extracted, dif- extracted, &c, tilied, or prepared, since the first day of October % one thousand arc forfeited j seven hundred and sixty eight, all such wheat and wheat flour and also shall be forfeited; and the person or persons in whose. possession 1061. by the such workhouse, stillhouse, storehouse, warehouse, or place, Pc*f°n , n-r shall be, shall, for every offence respectively, also forfeit and

pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, officers of

That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons who excise, &c. shall be authorized for that purpose by the of of ex- to

cife for the time being, or any two or more of them, within materials from the limits of the chief office of excise in London, or by one or which low^more justice or justices of the peace in any other part of Great wines or fpi-Britain, at any time optinr\es, with any officer of excise, to en- nt!r^eJ, ter into any workhouse, stillhouse, storehouse, warehouse, orcx ra*any other place, wherein any low wines or spirits, or worts or

wash, shall be, or arefufpeded to be, made, extracted, distilled, or prepared, or wherein low wines or spirits, or worts or wash, shall have been made, extracted, distilled, or prepared, since the first day of October % one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, and shall have free admittance into the same, and may iniped all the materials, vessels, and utensils, therein contained, giving thereby as little interruption as may be to the bofinefs which is carrying on; and in case any officer of excise shall have reason to (ufped that any wheat or wheat flour is mixed in any worts or wash, or in any other material or preparation, for making, extracting, or distilling, low wines or spirits, and take limit shall and may be lawful for. such officer, at any time or times Ple8* paying during the continuance of this act, upon payment of two (hil- for "* iamc*lings and six pence, to take a sample, not exceeding two quarts, of any such worts or wash, material or preparation, which shall be found in any such house, or other place aforesaid; and in Penalty of re-case any distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, or the owner fating admit-.or occupier of any such house or place, or any workman or fer- t^"ce to an varit to any such distiller, ' owner, or occupier belonging, shall ofobltruSing refuse to aamit such person or persons as shall be f6 authorized, him, is sop 1. or any officer of excise, into any such house or place 5 or shall ©bftru# or hinder any such officer, or person or persons, in

making

>4. Anno nono Georgii III. c. i. [if68.

making such inspection as aforesaid; or shall not allow any such officer to take such sample, after the said sum of two shillings'and six pence shall be paid or tendered for the same, such distiller, owner, or occupier, shall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds and it Officer autho- shall be lawful for any such officer of excise, or other person or Tized by war- persons authorized as aforesaid, having a warrant for that purpose from any two or more of the commissioners of the excise, or any justice or justices respectively as aforesaid, to seize, take, and carry away, all such wheat and wheat flour as shall be found in any such house or other place, together with all the sacks, bags, and other things, in which the said commodities shall be contained.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any distiller or maker of low wines or spirits for sale or exportation, shall be possessed of, or have in his, her, or their custody or possession, or in the custody or possession of any person or persons in trust, or for the use or benefit of such distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, more than five quarters of wheat or wheat flour at any one time, in any one or more place or places (not being a place or places for preparing, making, extracting, distilling, or keeping worts or wash, low wines, or spirits) every such distiller or maker of low wines or spirits shall, and16 l"Ur^r* ^or evei7 °ffence respectively, forfeit all such wheat and quarter"|^Cr wheat flour exceeding the said quantity of five quarters $ and also the sum of five pounds for every quarter so forfeited, except with

XIX. Provided always, That this act shall not extend to in-drS^ifr*0 fc6*1 the^I. mentioned penalty and forfeiture upon any dif-as are the tiller or maker of low wines or spirits, who shall be the actual growers, See. grower of wheat, and shall be possessed of any quantity of such wheat grown by him or her in the straw, or after the same is and who keep threshed out, or separated from the straw; provided such wheat not the wheat, shall not be kept in his or her possession, or in the possession of after bdng any other person or persons in trust for him or her, or for a greater space of time than twenty days after the same shall be threshed or separated from the straw $ and so as such wheat be not kept in any place used for making, extracting, or distilling.

rant, may seize the said commodities

Distiller, &c. not to have more than 5 quarters of wheat or wheat floor at one time, &c#

on forfeiture

threshed out, longer than ao days $ and not in

plac*s low wines or spirits, or for preparing or keeping worts or wash. fordifti ling}

XX. Provided also, That this act shall not extend to infliCl ref* eft ^ch k mentioned penalty and forfeiture upon any distiller

dl^lers^*11011 or maker of low wines or spirits, who practises the trade of a are miliers, miller, and who was possessed of, and worked any mill or mills &c. for the grinding of wheat, on or before the first day of October,

one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, for or upon account of any quantity of wheat or wheat flour, which shall at any time, during the continuance of this act, be found in any such mill or mills; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

In case of in- XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaief, formation. That in case any officer or officers of excise, or any other per-before°two ^on or P?rsons* »Us at any time'or times, have cause to fuf-

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. C. 1.

pe& that any wheat or wheat flour, exceeding the quantity of of five quarters, shall he laid or kept in any such storehouse, ware- of excise. house, grainery, or other place or places, as aforesaid, belonging to any distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, contrary to

the true intent and meaning of this act; then, and in every such case, upon oath made by such officer or officers, or other person or persons, before the commissioners of excise for the time being respectively, or any two or more of them, or before Qr a joftice of one or more justice or justices of the peace refuting near the peace, war-place where such officer or officers, or other person or persons, to be*shall suspect the same to be laid and kept, setting forth the ground of his or their suspicion; it shall and may be lawful to officer, £c. to and for the said of, orjusticeorjustices of the peace enter all store-respectively, before whom such officer or officers, or other per- house*, &c. son or persons, shall make oath as aforesaid (if he or they shall judge it reasonable) by special warrant under his or their re- a*spective hands and seals, to authorize and impower such officer or officers, or other person or persons, authorized as aforesaid, by day or by night (but if in the night, then in the presence of a constable, or other lawful officer of the peace) to enter into all and every storehouse, warehouse, grainery, or other place or places, where he or they shall suspect that any wheat or wheat flour, exceeding the quantity of five quarters as aforesaid, shall be laid or kept, belonging to any such distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, and to seize, take, and carry away, all such and seize alt wheat and wheat flour as he or they shall so find (over and w||eat and above the said quantity of five quarters, together with all the c

sacks, bags, or other things, wherein the same shall be con- quarters, 5 5 tained) and such distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, or and distiller the person or persons in whose custody or possession such wheat liable to pay or wheat flour, belonging to such distiller, shall bb found, shall, 5 Per for every such offence respectively, forfeit and pay the said pe- abov^that nalty of five pounds for every quarter exceeding the said quan- quantity, tity of five quarters; and the said officer or officers, and other person or persons, is or are hereby impowered by such warrant, together with such other person or persons as he or they shall take to his or their assistance, to enter such storehouses, ware-houses, graineries, and other place or places, and break open the doors thereof in case they be not opened on demand.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Recovery and That all penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed, and for application of the recovery and application whereof no other provision is here- th* in before made, shall be sued for and recovered by action of debt, tures°where bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of re- not otfaerwife cord in Westminster, or in the court of exchequer at Scotland 5 directed, and that the respective courts before whom the same shall be re- Penalties Ha-covered may and are hereby authorized (if they shall think fit) ble to be mi-to mitigate all or any of the pecuniary penalties herein before ip- tigated. flidled, to any sum not less than one fourth part of the sum herein respectively mentioned; and that one moiety of all such penalties and forfeitures when recovered, shall be to the use of his

Majesty,

Anna aono Georgii III. c. 2, 4. [1768.

Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall foe far the same* or give information of, or discover the offence.

Limitation of

XXIII. Provided always, That all suits, prosecutions, or iri-suits, and in- formations, for offences committed against this act, shall be commenced and made within the space of six calendar months gainst thit'aft. a^er the 1S committed, and not other ways; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding*

Limitation of

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, addons.*That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within the space of four calendar months next after the offence shall be committed; and if such action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted in that part of Great Britain called England, the defendant or defendants in General issue. any such addon or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that* the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants: and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plain-Treble costs. tiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law: and if such action or suit be commenced or prosecuted in that part of Great Britain called Scotland^ the court, before whom such action or suit shall be brought, shall allow the defender to plead this act*on his defence$ and if the pursuer shall not infill on his action,

or if judgement shall be given against such pursuer, the defender shall and may recover the full and real expences he may have been put to by any such action or suit.

Publick act.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That this act shall continue until the twentieth day after the

commencement oif the next session of parliament.

CAP. II.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain dudes upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of theyeajr one thousand - seven hundred and sixty nine.

CAP. III.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Prejunble,

CAP. IV.

An act to allow for a further time the free importation of rice into this kingdom, from his Majesty's colonies in North America.

WHEREAS it is expedient that such part of the law as is herein after mentioned should be further continued; May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. & 151

suSted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that so much of an act made in the seventh So much of year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for al- att 7- Geo. 3. lowing the free importation of rice9 /ago powder, and vermicelli, into a* rc., at*8 to this kingdom, from his Majesty's colonies in North America, for a limited time, as relates to the importation office; which was continued by an act made in the eighth year of the reign of his pre- which was sent Majesty, intituled, An act to continue several acts made in the continued by ia/i session of parliament9for allowing the importation of wheats wheat-Gco*

Jiourj barky, barky meal % puise9 oats9 oatmeal, rye9 and rye meal, -duty free 5 and also so much of an act made in the same session as relates to the free importation of rice from his Majesty's colonies in North America; and to allow toe importation of wheat and wheat-flour from Africa, for a limited time9 free of duty, shall be, and is here-1$ further con-by further continued. until the first day of January, one thou- tinued to sand seven hundred and seventy.*Ja*1*77»

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the nutho-Rice foim-rity aforesaid. That for and upon all rice which shall be import- ported, being ed into this kingdom, duty free, by virtue of this act, and which ?"? 'fP0*1-(hall be again exported thereout, there shall be paid and an-^j j* fwered to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, a subsidy of pound ad Fa* poundage of six pence in the pound, according to the value otUrm\ rate set upon rice imported, in the book of rates referred to by the act of the twelfth year of King Charles the second; which said subsidy of six pence in the pound upon such rice so exported, shall be raised, levied, collected, and recovered, by such .*ways and means, and under such rules, regulations, ' penalties, and forfeitures, as the subsidy of poundage for any goods oj: merchandizes exported from Great Britain may be raised, levied, collected, or recovered, by any act of parliament now in force, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act; and that such duties shall (the necessary charges of management excepted) be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and be there reserved for the disposition of parliament.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the author!- and due en-ty aforesaid, that due entries shall be made in such manner and form as Were used or pradticed before the making of this act, of all rice which shall be imported into this kingdom, by virtue of

this act, at the customhouse belonging to the ports or importation 3 or in default thereof, the rice so imported, and whereof such entries shall not be made, shall be subject and liable to such on penalty of and the same duties as would have been payable thereon, in case Pa the free importation thereof had not been allowed.^ome tt"

CAP. V.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, at three shillings in the pound.

CAP. VI.

The powers given to justices of the peace, &c. by former acts, of transporting or whipping pei Cons who retail spirituous liquors without licence, are taken away.

Anno nono Georgii III. c. 7, -10. [1768.

them, made since the eighth year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the second.

III. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby enabled by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the tenth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, all the powers and authority by the said former acts, or any of them, to the justices of peace and of of excise respectively given of transporting or whipping persons convicted of retailing spirituous liquors without licence, (nail cease and be no longer put in force; any former act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. VII.

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

CAP. VIII.

An act for the repairing, improving, and better preferring of the harbour and quay of Wells, in the county of Norfolk.

CAP. IX.

An act to continue an act made in the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to continue and amend an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for importation of salted beef \ pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time; and for allowing the importation of salted beef pork, bacon, and butter, from the British dominions in America, for a limited time.

WHEREAS an act was made in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for importation or salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time; and whereas an act was made in the eighth year of his present Maje- Jlfs reign, to continue arid amend the said first-me«tioned aft; and for allowing the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from the British dominions in America, for a limited time: and whereas it is expedient that the importation of all the said goods and commodities should be admitted for a longer time than is allowed by the said last-mentiotted aft\ May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, (and by the authority of the same, that the said act made in the eighth year t>f his present Majesty's reign. Ad S Geo. 3. intituled, An act to continue and amend an act made in the fifth year*of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for importation

of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time \ and for allowing the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and further conti- butter, from the British dominions in America, for a limited time, iiued to 1 Feb. shall continue and be in full force and effect, until the first day77°* of February, one thousand seven hundred and seventy*

CAP. X.

An act for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the streets and lanes in the parish and borough of New Wmdfor, in the county of Jkpks> and for preventing nufencesand annoyances therein.

*55

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 11?

CAP. XI.

An act for repealing so much of an act made in the seventh and eighth years of the reign of King William the , third, inti-tided, An act to encourage the bringing plate into the mint to be coined, and for the further remedying the ill date of the coin of the kingdom, as refrains any person keeping an inn, tavern, alehouse, or victuaUing-house, or felling wine, ale, beer, or any other liquors, by retail, from publicity using any wrought or manufactured plate, or any utensil or vessel thereof, except ffoons and for putting an end to prosecutions commenced for offences against such part of the said act.

WHEREAS by an, alt made in the seventh and eighth years efpre, mb]e, re-the reign of his late majesty King William the third, intitu- citing clauie " led. An act to encourage the bringing plate into the mint to be in aft 7 & s coined, and for the further remedying the ill Rate of the coin of ! the kingdom, it was enacted, That from and if ter the fourth day of May, which should be in the year of our Lora one thousand fin hundred and ninety six, no person keeping any inn, tavern, alehouse, or victualling-house, or felling wine, ale, beer, or any other liquors, by retail, should publickly use, or expose to be used, in such his or her house, any wrought or manufactured plate whatsoever, or any utensil or vessel thereof (except Jpoons) under the penalty of forfeiting the same, or the full value thereof, together with full costs of fuif, to him, her, or them, who should sue for the same: and whereas the said refridion hath been found very inconvenient, and is productive of many frivolous and vexatious suits, and is also detrimental to the revenue: may it therefore please your Majeny, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the palT- Repead of so ing of this act, so much of the said act as restrains any person much of the keeping any inn, tavern, alehouse, or victualling-house, or fell- r#Jite5l*ing wine, ale, beer, or any other liquors, by retail, from publickly using, or exposing to be used, in such his or her house, others from any wrought or manufactured plate whatsoever, or any utensil publickly or vessel thereof, shall be and is hereby repealed and made void unZ wrought to all intents and purposes whatsoever. roredntSe*

II. And be it further enacted by thq authority aforesaid, That..p.fi all and every person and persons whatsoever, against whom any tiono/per^ action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, hath been brought fons fuedfbr in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, for any penalties inpenalty incurred by reason of the said act of King William the curried by rea-third, for having publickly used, or exposed to be used in his, 0 6

her, or their house, any wrought or manufactured plate whatsoever, or any utensil or vessel thereof, shall be, and is and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all Voi. XXVIII, M pe-

1 1

>5$ Anno nono Georgii III. c.ii. [1768.

penalties and forfeitures incurred for or by reason of having pi^b-iickly used, or exposed to be used, in his, her, or their house, any wrought or manufactured plate whatsoever, or any utensil j or vessel thereof; any thing in the said act of King William the third contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwith- j Handing.

they paying III. Provided always, That all costs incurred in prosecuting such cofU of and carrying on any such action of debt, bill, plaint, or infor-KVmrrd "tot'00* Hiall be borne and discharged by the person or persons'against whom any such action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, hath been brought', except id IV. Provided also, That this act, or any thing herein contain-cases where ed, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to indemnify fina* jndr any person against whom final judgement shall have been given have been al-n any a<^*on debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his' ready obtain- Majesty's courts of record, for any penalty or forfeiture incur-M for the pe- red by reason of the said act of King William the third, for hav-

ing publickly used, or exposed to be used, in his, her, or their house, any wrought or manufactured plate whatsoever, or any j utensil or vessel thereof.'r

Persons sued V.' And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That may plead the in case any action, suit, bill, plaint, or information, shall, - from general issue. an(] after the passing of this act, be brought, carried on, or prosecuted, against any person or persons hereby meant or intended to be indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all penalties and forfeitures incurred by reason of the said act of King'William the third, for 9r on an account of having publickly used,

or exposed to be used, in his, her, or their house, any wrought or manufactured plate whatsoever, or any utensil or vessel thereof, such person or persons may plead the general issue; and, upon their defence, give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon.

CAP. XII.

An act to indemnify such'persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that pur-post'y and to indemnify member s, and officers in cities, cor-\ porations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be Jtamped according to law, or, having been Jtamped, have been loft or mistaid, and for allowing them time to provide admission duly Jtamped.

Preamble, re-citing the several

WHEREAS divers persons who, on account of their offices, places, employments, or professions, or any other cause or occasion, qualify- ought to have taken and subjertbed the oaths, or the assurance, respec-ing acts of tively appointed to be by such persons taken and subscribed, in and by

an act made in the first year of the reign of his late majesty King j*Geo. 1. George the first, of glorious memory, intituled, An act for the further security of his Majesty's person and government, and the succession of the crown in the heirs of the late princess Sophia,

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 12.' 157

being protestants; and for exting^ithing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open and secret abettors; or to have qualified themselves according to an act made in the thirteenth is Car* a. year of the reign of King Charles the second, intituled, An act for the well governing and regulating corporations; or to have qua-5 Car* t» lifted themselvls according to another act made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the second, intituled, An act for preventing the dangers which may happen from popish recusants,by receiving the fact ament of the Lord's supper according to the ufago of the church of England, and making and subscribing the declaration against transubstantiation therein mentioned; or according to another 30 Car. t* act made in the thirtieth year of the reign of King Charles the second, intituled, An act for the more effectual preserving the King's person and government, by disabling papists from fitting in either house of parliament; or according to another act made in the eighth g Geo f year of the reign of his late majesty King George the first, intituled,

An act for granting the people called Quakers, such forms of affirmation or declaration as may remove the difficulties which -many of them lie under; or according to another act made in the9 ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the second, intituled, An act for indemnifying persons who have omitted to* qualify themselve§ for offices within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose; and for amending so much of an act passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, as requires persons to qualify themselves for offices before the end of the next term or quarter sessions; and also for enlarging the time limited by law for making and subscribing the declaration against transubstantiation; add for allowing a further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by papists; and for relief of protestant purchasers, devisees, and lessees; or 18 Geo.» according to another act made^in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the second, intituled, An act to amend and'-

render more effectual an act passed in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the further qualification of justices of the peace; or according to another act made in the fie- % Geo. 3. condyear of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to ex-^plain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament the several*laws now in being relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; or according Qeo, -to another act made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Mar jejly, intituled, An act for altering the oath of abjuration and the assurance; and for amending so much of an act made in the seventh year of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act for the improvement of the union of the two kingdoms, as after the time therein limited; requires the delivery of certain lifts and copies therein mentioned to persons indicted of high treason, or milpri-fion of treason; have, through ignorance of the law, absence, or some unavoidable accident, omitted to take ana subscribe the said oaths and assurance f and male and subscribe the declaration required by law, or otherwise to qualify themselves as aforesaid, within such time, and iu such manner, as in and by the said acts respectively, or by any

M % tilth

Anno nono Georgii III. c. 12.' [176 %

other off of parliament in that behalf made, is requiredwhereby they have incurred, or may be in danger of incurring, divers penalties and disabiRties: for quieting the minds of his Majesty's subjects, and for preventing any inconveniencies that might otherwise happen by means of such omissions, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every Persons who person or persons who at, or before, the passing of this act, hath, at, or before, or shall have, omitted to take and subscribe the said oaths anil of declarations, or to receive the sacrament of the Lord's supper, omitted*to*76 or otherwise to qualify him, her, or themselyes, within such qualify them- time, and in such manner, as in and by the said acts, or any (elves for of of them, or by any other act of parliament in that behalf made,

*l<rmedt*m*s re(lil'red; and who, after accepting any such office, [dace, or the^Uw8 di-M employment, or undertaken any profession or thing, on account rest, See, of which such qualification ought to have been had and is required, before the* passing of this act, hath or have taken and subscribed the said oaths, or made the declarations required by law, -and also received the sacrament of the Lord's supper ac-suid who shall cording to the usage of the church of England; or who, bn or 9"a, <y before the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven or before* fn hundred and sixty nine, shall take and subscribe the said oaths, Dec. 1769, declarations, and advance respectively, in such cases wherein by law the said oaths, declarations, and adurance, ought to have been taken or subscribed, in such manner and form, and at or in such place or places, as are appointed in and by the said act made in the first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the first, or by any other act or acts of parliament in that behalf made and provided j and also hath or have received, or shall, on or before the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, receive the sacrament of the Lord's supper according to the usage of the church of England't in such cases wherein the said sacrament ought to have been received; and hath or have made and subscribed, or shall, on or

before the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, make and subscribe the said declaration against transubstantiation; and also hath or have made and sub- feribed, or shall, on or before the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, make and subscribe the said declaration in the said Statute made in the thirtieth year of King Charles the second, in such cases wherein the said declarations ought to have been made and subscribed: and take j ttnd subscribe the oath directed by the said act made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the fe- I cond, in such cases wherein the said oath ought to have been taken and subscribed, in such manner as by the said act is directed; and also being a deputy lieutenant, or officer of the militia, shall, on or before the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, leave his qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace, with whom he is by*n the

lySS.] Anno nono Georgii III. c.i2> 159

the said act made, in the second year of his present Majesty's aremdemni-reign, required to leave the same; shall be ana are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and disabilities, incurred, or to be in-currred, for or by reason of any neglect or omission, previous to and recapa* the passing of this act, of taking or subscribing the said oaths or ciuted; assurance, or receiving the sacrament, or making or subscribing the said declarations, or taking or subscribing the fold oath, or leaving his qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace respefuvely, according to the above-mentioned acts, or any of them, or any other act or acts; and such person and persons is and are, and shall be, fully and actually recapacitated and re-Aored to the same fiate and condition as he, she, or they, were in before such neglect or omission, and shall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her, or themselves, according to the above-mentioned acts, and every of them; and that all elections of, and acts done, or to be done, by any such per- or to be son or persons, or by authority derived from him, her, or them, done'by them, are and shall be of the same force and validity as the same, or &c. are de-any of them, would have been, if such person or persons respec- tof* tively had taken the said oaths or assurance, and received the fa- I, ad be.

crament of the lord's supper, and made and subscribed the said fore duly q«a-declarations, and taken and subscribed the said oath, and left his lified them-qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace, according to J*!*" a*a the direction of the said acts, and every or any of them; and that the qualification of such person or persons qualifying themselves in manner, and within the time, appointed by this act, shall be, to all intents and purposes, as effectual, as if such person or persons had respectively taken the said oaths and assurance, and received the sacrament, and made and subscribed the said declaration, and taken and subscribed the said oath, and left his qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace, within the time, and in the manner, appointed by the several acts before-mentioned.

II. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein con- except in Aich tained, shall not extend, nor be construed to extend, to indem- case* where nify any person against whom final judgement shall have been

given in any action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any ^ven in of his Majesty's courts of record, for any penalty incurred by any court far having neglected to qualify himself within the time limited by the penalty law. "CUr«£by

III. And whereas the appointments of divers clerks of the peace, town clerks, and other publick officers, and the admissions of divers members and officers of cities, corporations, and -borough towns, or the entries of such admissions in the court books, rolls, or records, of such cities, corporations, and borough towns, which, by several acts of parliament, are directed and required to be damped, may not have been provided, or the -

same not duly damped, or may have been lost or mislaid; be it Town clerks, further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, for the relief of wd other pub-such persons whole appointments and admissions* or the entries1|C °cera*

and person*, whole appointments, and admissions, or entries of ad-

been provid ed} or not duly stampt $ or which nave been loft or mistaid; providing, &e. the same on or before 15 Dec. 1769,

160 Anno nono Georgii III. c. 13, 14; [1768.

of whose admissions, as aforesaid, may not have been provided, or not duly damped, or where the same have been loft or mistaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such persons, on or before the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, to provide, or cause to be provided, ap-romions in the pointments and admissions, or entries of admissions, as afore» may^noThave duly stumped, or in case where such appointments, ad-millions, or entries of admissions as aforesaid, have been made or provided, but have not been duly damped, to produce such appointments, admissions, or entries of admissions, as aforesaid, to the of appointed to inspect and manage the revenues of the stamp duties, to be duly stamped; which said of are hereby authorized, impowered, and required, to duly stamp, on payment of the duties first payable, or to have been paid, on such appointments, admissions, or entries of admissions, as aforesaid, without any fine or forfeiture thereon; are confirmed and such persons so providing appointments, admissions, or en-in their offices, tries Gf admissions, as aforesaid, duly stamped, or procuring the same to be duly stamped, in manner aforesaid, are and shall be hereby confirmed and qualified to act as^clerk of the peace, x town clerk, or other publick officer, or member or members, officer or officers, of such cities, corporations, and borough towns rqspectively, to all intents and purposes; and shall and may hold and enjoy, and execute, such offices, or any other office or offices, into which he or they hath or have been elested, notwithstanding his or their omission, or the omission of any of their predecessors, in such cities, corporations, or boroqgh towns, as aforesaid; and shall be indemnified and discharged of and from all incapacities, disabilities, forfeitures, penalties, and damages, by reason of any such omission; and none of his or their acts shall be questioned or avoided by reason of the same.

IV. Provided always, that this act, or any thing herein con-ah«a<ty av5<l- tained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, tQ restore ment of or aryY psrfon or persons to any office or employment, be-cQort, and le- nefice, matter, or thing whatsoever, already actually avoided by gaily filled up, judgement of any of his Majesty's courts of record, or already confirmed. legally filled up and enjoyed by any other person; but that such office, employment, benefice, matter, or thing, so avoided, or legally filled up and enjoyed, shall be and remain in and to the person or persons who is or are now, or shall, at the passing of this act, be legally intitled to the same, as if this act had never been made.

and indemnified, notwithstanding such omission.

Offices, &c.

CAP. XIII.

An act for the better paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching, the liberty of Saint Martin Le Grand, witbm the city and liberty of Westmin, -fter, in the county of Middlesex, and for preventing obstructions and annoyances therein.

CAP. XIV.

An act for appointing of for putting in execution an act of this session of parliament, intituled, An act for granting an aid to bit Md» jesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the fer*vice of the year one thousand/even hundred and sixty nine; and for securing and preserving duplicates of assessments, and other papers relating to the land tax.

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c.15, 16. j$i

CAP. XV.

An act for raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine.

[Preamble.]

Treasury impowered to raise any sum, not exceeding y, 8oo, 0001* by loans or exchequer bills; in the same manner as by the malt act of this session is prescribea, with respect to loans or exchequer bills thereby au* thorized.to be taken or made. The clauses in the said act relating to loans or bills* extended to this act. Exchequer bills so iflbed, not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged, before 6 April, 1770.

Action not to lie for such refusal. The money 16 raised, to be repaid out of the next parliamentary aids; if none be granted before 5 July, 1770, then to be charged on the sinking fund. Monies so issued, to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank of England authorized to advance the said sum on the credit of this act; notwithstanding aft 5 & 6 W* & M.

CAP. XVI.

An act to amend and render more effectual an act made in the twenty first year of the reign of King James the first, intituled, An art for the general quiet of the subjects against all pretences of concealment whatsoever.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an all of parliament was made and passed in

twenty first year of the reign of King James the first, intitu- aQi si Jac.t« led. An act for the general quiet of the subject against all pretences of concealment whatsoever; and thereby the right and title of the King, his heirs and successors, in and to all manors, lands, tenements, tythes, and hereditaments, {except liberties and franebifes) were limited to sixty years next before the beginning of the said session of parliament 5 and other provisions and regulations were therein made, for feeuring to all his Majesty's subjects the free and quiet enjoyment of all manors, lands, and hereditaments, which they, or those under whom they claimed, respectively bad, held, or enjoyed, or whereof they had taken the rents, revenues, issues, or profits, for the spaee of sixty years next before the beginning of the said session of parliament: and whereas the said act is now, by efflux of time, become ineffectual to answer the good end and purpose of feeuring the general quiet of the subjeff against all pretences of concealment whatsoever: wherefore be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the r

assent and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au- to

thority of the same. That the King's majesty, his heirs, or fuc-foe, or im-cessors, shall not, at any time hereafter, sue, impeach, question, plead any per-or implead, any person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, son> for aDyi for or in any wise concerning any manors, lands, tenements, rents, tythes, or hereditaments whatsoever (other than liberties tee' or franchises) or for or in any wise concerning the revenues, wj, ere the ifiues, or profits thereof, or make any title, claim, challenge, right hath or demand, of, in, or to the same, or any of them, by realon not, or shall of any right or title which hath not first accru.ed and grown, or which shall not hereafter first accrue and grow within the spaee ofg^w> within sixty years next before the filing, issuing, or commencing, of every so years next such-action, hill, plaint, information, commission. or other suit before the

<*SE»

i6z Anno nono Georgii III. c. 16. [1768.

or proceeding, as shall at any time or times hereafter be filed* iffed, or commenced, for recovering the same, or in respect thereof*unless his Majesty, or some of his progenitors, predecessors, or ancestors, heirs, or successors, or some other person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, under whom his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, any thing hath or lawfully claim-eth, or shall have or lawfully claim, have or shall have been answered by force and virtue of any such right or title to the same* the rents, revenues, issues, or profits thereof, or the rents, i£-sues, or profits of any honour, manor, or other hereditament* whereof the premisses in question shall be part or pareel, within the said space of sixty years; or tjiat the same have or shall have b^en duly in charge to his Majesty, or some of his progenitors* predecessors, or ancestors, heirs, or successors, or have or shall and the sub- have flood insuper of record within the said space of sixty years: jest secured in and that all and every, person or persons, bodies politic and cor* quiet eniov- Porate* their heirs and successors, and all claiming by, from, or J ment thereof, under them, or any of them, for and according to their and as well against every of their several estates and interests which they have, or the crown, &c. claim to have, or shall or may have or claim to have, in the same respectively, shall, at all times hereafter, quietly and freely have, hold, and enjoy, against his Majesty, his heirs and successors, claiming by any title which hath not first accrued or grown, or which shall not hereafter first accrue or grow, within the said space of sixty years, all and Angular manors, lands, tenements, rents, tytnes, and hereditaments whatsoever, (except liberties and franchises) which he or they, or his or their, or any of their ancestors or predecessors, or those from, by, or under whom they do or shall claim, have or shall have held or enjoyed, or taken the rents, revenues, issues, or profits thereof, 1 by the space of sixty years next before the filing, issuing, or commencing of every such action, bill, plaint, information, commission, or other suit or proceeding as shall at any time or times hereafter be filed, issued, or commenced, for recovering the same, or in respeit thereof* unless his Majesty, or some of his progenitors, predecessors, or ancestors, heirs, or successors, or j some other person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, by, from, or under whom his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, any fr' " thing hath or lawfylly claimeth, or shall have or lawfully claim, in the said manors, lands, tenements, rents, tythes, or hereditaments, by force of any right or title, have been or shall have been answered, by virtue of any such right or title, the rents,

revenues, issues, or other profits thereof, within the said

space of sixty years 5 or that the same have or shall have been duly in charge, or flood insuper of record as aforesaid, within the said space of sixty years: and furthermore that all and every person or persons, bodies politic and corporate, their heirs ana successors, and all claiming or to claim by, from, or under them, or any of the m, for and according to their and every of their several estates and interests which they have or claim, or shall or may have or claim, reflectively, shall, for ever hereafter, quietly

176?.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 16. 163

and freely have, hold, and enjoy, all such manors, lands, tenements, repts, tythes, and hereditaments (except liberties and franchises) as they now have, claim, or enjoy, or hereafter shall or may have, claim, or enjoy, whereof his Majesty, his progenitors, predecessors, or ancestors, or whereof his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, or he or they by, from, or under whom his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, any thing hath or lawfully claimeth, or shall have or lawfully claim, or same of them, by force of some right or title t6 the same, have not or shall not have been answered, by virtue of such right or tide, the rents, revenues, issues, or profits thereof, within the space of sixty years next before the filing, issuing, or commencing of every such action, bill, plaint, information, commission, or other suit or proceeding as shall at any time or times hereafter be filed, issued, or commenced, for recovering the same, ot in itfpedt thereof, nor the same have been nor shall have been duly in charge, or stood insuper of record as aforesaid, within the said space of sixty years, against all and every person and persons, asjjgainst all their heirs and assigns, having, claiming, or pretending to have, person* claim-or who shall or may have, claim, or pretend to have any estate, te right, tide, interest, daim, or demand whatsoever, of, in, or therein, by to the same, by force or colour of any letters patents or grants, colour of any upon suggestion of concealment or wrongful detaining, or not be- letters patent, ing in charge, or defective titles, or by, from, or under, any^ % ^8ft"P, - patentees or grantees, or any letters patents or grants, upon fug- of conceal-gestion of concealment or wrongful detaining, or not being in ment, wrong-charge, or defective titles, of or for which said manors, lands, fd detaining, tenements, rents, tythes, and hereditaments, or any of them,c' no verdict, judgement, decree, judicial order upon hearing, or "kich fenteoce of any court now (landing in force, hath been had or {JitSno^or given, or any such verdict, judgement, decree, judicial order shall not be upon hearing, or sentence of court, shall hereafter be had or given for the

fiven, in any action, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his rown Majesty's courts at Westminster, for or in the name of the King's fore the*cora-xnajesty, or any of his ancestors, progenitors, predecessors, heirs, mencing such or successors, or for any of the said patentees or grantees, or for suit. their or any of their heirs or assigns, within the space of sixty years next before the filing, ifilling, or commencing of every such action, bill, plaint, information, commission, or other suit or proceeding as shall at any time or times hereafter be' filed, issued, or commended, for recovering the same, or in respect thereof as aforesaid.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where the rents, in what cases revenues, issues, or profits of any manors, lands, tenements, the rents and tythes, or hereditaments, are or shall be in charge by, to, or Profits°fa* with any auditor or auditors, or other proper officer or officers b^eemed to of the revenue, such rents, revenues, issues, and profits, shall be duly in beheld, deemed, and taken to be duly in charge within the charge, meaning and intent of this act; any usage or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

[2 Pages missing, then 661 misnumbered]

661 Anno nono Georgii III. c.16; [1768.

if prosecuted thousand seven hundred and sixty nine; so as such right, title, within a year. or c]ajmj be prosecuted with effect by bill, plaint, information, or other suit or proceeding, in some of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, within the space of one year from the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine.

Right of the

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this orown to any act contained shall extend or be prejudical to any right, title, or withmthe claim, which his Majesty now hath to any lands, tenements, or j

manor of East hereditaments, within the manor of East Greenwich, in the Greenwich, county of Kent; or to any messuages, lands, tenements, or he-or district of reditaments, within the precinct, district, or liberty, common-the Savoy, jy called The Savoy, in the county of Middlesex} or to any -the manors, messuages, advowsons, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and appurtenances, being the estate and possession of the late hospital of the Savoy, or of the matter and chaplains wot prejudic- of the said hospital; so as such right, title, or claim, be profeed, cuted with effect by bill, plaint, information, or other suit or

proceeding, in some of his Majesty's courts of record at Weji-f prosecuted minster, within the space of two years from the first day of Ja-within s years. HUafyi one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine.

Proylfion de-

X. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority of daring what this present parliament. That no putting in charge, nor stand-»ot be°deem- '"6 WuPery nor taking or answering the farm rents, revenues, td a putting or profits of any of the said manors, lands, tenements, or he-in charge, reditaments, by force, colour, or pretext of any letters patent standing or grants of concealments, or defective titles, or of manors, njuftr, or " lands, tenements, or hereditaments, out of charge, or by force, fwering°by or c°l°ur> or pretext, of any inquisitions, ^resentments, by or by to the crown, reason of any commission or other authority to find out conceal-&c. ments, defective titles, or lands, tenements, or hereditaments

out of charge, shall be deemed, construed, or taken to be a putting in charge, (landing insuper, or taking or answering the farm rents, revenues, or profits by or to his Majesty, or any of his progenitors or predecessors, heirs or successors; unless thereupon such manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, have been or shall be, upon some information or suit, on the behalf of his Majesty, or some of his progenitors or predecessors, heirs, or successors, upon a lawful verdict given or to be given, or demurrer in law adjudged, or upofHr hearing, ordered or decreed for his Majesty, or some of his progenitors or predecessors, heirs, or successors, or of some of them, within the space of sixty years next before the filing, ifilling, or commencing of every such action, bill, plaint, information, commission, or other suit or proceeding as shall at any time or times hereafter - be filed, issued, or commenced, for recovering the same, or in respect thereof as aforesaid.

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c.17, 18. 167

CAP. XVII.

An act for enabling his Majesty to licence a playhouse in the city of York; and in the town and county of the town of Kingston upon Hull.

WHEREAS a licenced playhouse is much wanted in the city of York; and in the town and county of the town of Kingston upon Hull; may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may Be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, 'That so much of an act of parliament which passed in the tenth year of his late Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to explain and amend so much of an act Qaofe^ made in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An I0 Geo. ».'re-alt for reducing the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, Jlurdy beg- pealed with gars, and vagrants, into one act of parliament} and' for the more «spe& to the tffellud punishing such rogues, vagabonds, sturdy beggars, and vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to be sent; whereby tring*. ny-all persons are discharged to represent any entertainment of the oa Hull, stage whatever, in virtue of letters patent from his Majesty, or by licence from the lord chamberlain of his Majesty's houshold for the time bring, except within the liberties of Westminster, or where his Majesty is residing for the time being, be, and the same is hereby repealed with respect to the said city of York, and town and county of the town of Kingston upon Hull respectively: and that it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his The crown heirs, and successors, to grant letters patent for establishing a impo» ered so theatre or playhouse within the said city of York, and within >the P*"* said town ana county of the town of Kingston upon Hull respec- eftiwi&Tne a ly} both which playhouses shall be intitled to all the privileges, theatre in8 and subjected to all -the regulations, to which any theatre or each of those playhouse in Great Britain is intitled and subjected. places.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for amending and further continuing an aS of the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to amend and render more effectual, in his Majesty's dominions' in America, an act passed in this present session of parliament, intituled, An act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the sixth year of his present Preamble, re- Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to amend and render citing aft more effectual, in his Majesty's dominions in America, an act 6 Geo- 3* passed in this present session of parliament, intituled, An act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and' their quarters} which alt was to continue and be in force, in all his Majesty's dominions in America, from the twenty fourth

168

The recited act further continued to »4 March, 1771-

Limitation of this act, touching the quartering the forces, or supplying them in their quarters, and niraUhing.carriages on their marches.

Directions with respect to providing quarters for troops, as well on their maich, as when stationed in any place.

Preamble, reciting clauses

Anno nono Georgii III. c.19. .[176$.

day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, until the twenty fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight; and which act has been further continued by several subsequent acts of parliament until the twenty fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy: and where-as it has been found necessary that the said act should be continued for a further term; may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted $ and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, I That, the said act shall be, and the same js hereby further continued until the twenty fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy one.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing contained in this or s^ny other ad by this act continued, touching the quartering his Majesty's forces, and the supplying them in their quarters, and the furnishing carriages on marches, and on other necessary occasions, shall extend or be construed to extend to any province, colony, or plantation, during such time as any law of such province, colony, or plantation, which shall have received the confirmation of his Majesty in council, shall he in force, for providing quarters for his Majesty'? officers and soldiers, and for fumiihing them in their quarters, and for providing carriages for them on.marches, or on any other necessary occasion, within such pro- I vince, colony, or plantation.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever 1 any troops shall march through or be stationed in any place in North America, it shall and may be lawful for the civil magistrates, feled men, or other person or persons (appointed by act of parliament, or by any law of such province, colony, or plantation, as aforesaid, to quarter and make provision for troops) as likewise for the officer commanding the troops so marching or stationed as aforesaid, by mutual agreement, signed by the respective parties, to provide quarters for the said troops, in any manner most convenient to them and to the country, any ad or thing to the contrary notwithstanding, so as that no expence be brought on the crown by such agreement.

CAP. XIX.

'An act to empower the high court of Chancery to lay out, upon government securities, a further sum of money, not exceeding a sum therein limited, out of the common and general cash in the bank ^England belonging to the suitors of the said court; and to apply the interest arising the re* from towards answering the charges of the office of the accountant general of the said court.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, in*

tiiukdf

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 19. 169

iituledy An act to impower the high court of Chancery to lay in aft 11 Geo# out, upon proper securitiesr any monies, not exceeding a futn' therein limited, out of the common and general cam in the bank of England belonging to the suitors of the said court, for the ease of the said suitors, by applying the interest arising therefrom for answering thfe charges of the office of the account-, general of the said court 5 a provision is made for the support and maintenance of the office of accountant general of the court of Chancery, by dire fling certain payments to be, mode in the manner therein mentioned to the said accountant general and his two clerks for their falaries, in lieu of and in recompence for, all fees whatsoever that would be due and payable to the said office by the suitors: and whereas by-another act of parliament passed in the fourth year of the reign an^ a# ^Gco. of his present Majesty9 intituled, An act to impower the high*court of Chancery to lay out, upon proper securities, a further sum of money, not exceeding a sum therein limited, out of the common and general cash in the bank of England belonging to the suitors of the said court; and for applying the interest arising therefrom towards answering the charges of the office of the accountant general of the said court \ a further provision is made for the support and.maintenance of the said officey by dire fling a eer- ,

tain payment to be made in the manner therein mentioned to the said accountant generals third clerk for his [alary y in lieu of and in recompence fory all fees whatsoever: ana whereas ftnee the passing the said last mentioned act9 the money and effefls belonging to the suitors of the said court, under the care and direction of the said accountant general, are greatly increased; by reason whereof the necessary business of the said office is grown so extensive and laborious, that the provisions made by the said acts are become inadequate to the attend-ancey trouble, and importance of the said office, and inefficient to answer the charges attending the execution thereof: wherefore, in order to make a further provision for the said office, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temppral, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That out of the cash that now lies, or shall Court of hereafter lie, dead and unemployed in the bank of England be- Chancery ira-longing to the suitors of the court of Chancery, a sum not ex- poured to ceeding twenty thousand pounds shall and may, by virtue ^ernmeiJt0*1 any order or orders of the said court to be made for that pur- securities, pose from'time to time, be placed out in one entire sum, or in so, 000 ]. of pareels, in such government or parliamentary securities as in the suitors and by such order or* orders shall be directed 5 to the intent "th* that the interest and anpual produce arising from the money so*to be placed out as aforesaid may be applied for the purposes herein after mentioned; and that the said court of Chancery may, and to'chang* by order or orders of the said courr, from time to time, changehe fcc.unty the security or securities in which the said monies shall be so

placed out, as the said court shall think expedient.

II. And be it further enacted, That the interest and annual The interest produce arising from the said securities shall* from time to time, to be received,

' ke by the bank.

170

Anno nono Georgii III. c: 19;

[1768.

is to be paid in falaries$ viz.

2501. to the accountant general )

501. to his tirft clerk;

and 1101. to his fourth clerk) free from taxes, and in lieu of all fees s

The residue

and placed to be received by the governor and company of the bank of Eng-thCdit-t0r# aft(*9 an<* P^acc<*to credit of the same account which was

m9raised in the books kept there, for the suitors of the said court,

by virtue of the said act herein before first mentioned, of interest arising from money placed out in pursuance of the said act; out of which, and that out of such interest and annual produce there shall be ^ohperann. by quarterly payments, the annual sum of four hundred and sixty pounds; which payment shall be made by the govern-nor ana company of the bank of England, by virtue of an order or orders of the court of Chancery to be made for that purpose; videlicet, To the accountant general of the court of Chancery, the sum of two hundred and fifty pounds 5 to his first clerk, the sum of fifty pounds; to his fe^ond clerk, the sum of forty pounds; and to his fourth clerk, the sum of one hundred 40!. to his fe- and twenty pounds; which said salaries shall commence from cond clerk) the eighth day of April in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, and shall, together with the salaries appointed by the said act herein before mentioned, be free from parliamentary taxes, and iii lieu of, and in recompence and satisfaction for, all fees whatsoever which from that time shall or would be due or payable to the said office by the suitors; and that the residue of the interest and annual produce arising _, ( from the said securities shall be accounted for as herein after

mentioned.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared. If the whole. That if at any time hereafter the whole or any part of the said theaftIdPfum°f ^um twenty thousand pounds shall be wanted to answer any be wanted to of the demands of the suitors of the said court of Chancery;

then, and in such case, the said court may and shall direct the same, or any part thereof, to be called in, or the securities in which the same shall be placed to be dispoied of; in order that the suitors of the said court may at all times be paid their respective demands out of the common and general cash belonging to such suitors.

IV. And whereas the interest arising from the securitiespurchased in pursuance of the said before recitfd acts of parliament, and also from the securities purchased in pursuance of another act of parliament

A&sGeo. 3. passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled9 An act to impower the high court of Chancery to lay out, upon government securities, a (urn of money therein mentioned, out of the common and general cash in the bank of England belonging to the suitors of the said court, and to apply the interest arising therefrom towards augmenting the income of the masters of the said court, is more than sufficient to pay and satisfy the salaries directed to be paid by the said acts; be it further enacted. The surplus That the surplus interest that hath arisen, and shall or may interest upon arise, from the securities purchased and to be purchased in pur-the securities, fuarice of the said acts or parliament, and of this present act, pursuance of toother with the interest that shall be produced from the fecu-the recited rities to be purchased with such surplus interest, shall or may, by any order or orders of the said court of Chancerya to be made

for

answer the suitors demand, the court may caU it in.

1768.] Anno nono GEORGII III. c. 20. 171.

for that purpose, from time to time, be placed out oa govern- to be placed itoent securities; and that the interest or annual produce arising °jft, hbjr ordter from the said securities shall, from time to time, be received by the governor and company of the bank of England $ and so much rest thereof to thereof as shall arise from securities to be purchased with the be received by surplus interest, produced and to be produced from securities the I5*"1*' an4 purchased in pursuance of the said acts of the twelfth year of"JJ|£ toac" the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and of the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and to be purchased in pursuance of this present act, shall be placed to the credit of an account, to be raised in the books kept at the bank for the suitors of the said court, of securities purchased with the surplus money placed to the accbunt of interest arising from monies placet) out in pursuance of an act of parliament passed in the twelfth year of his late majesty King George the Second ? and so much thereof as shall arise from securities to be purchased with the surplus interest, produced and to be produced from securities purchased in pursuance of the said act of the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, shall be placed to the credit of an account, to be raised in the said books kept in the bank, of securities purchased with the surplus money 1

placed to the account of interest arising from monies placed out in pursuance of an act of parliament passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty,

CAP. XX,

An act to enable the justices of the peace in the general quarter sessions of their respective counties and divisions to repair the Shire balls, county balls* or other buildings, wherein the affixes or grand sessions are usually held.

WHEREAS doubts have arisen in fevered counties within the Preamble^ kingdom of England, and principality of Wales, whether there be any lawful authority for the repairing Shire balls* or other buildings usually made use of for the holding the affixes or grand sessions within such counties: for the clearing such doubts, and for making provision for repairing the same whenever it shall be necessary, may it pleafeyour Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the The justices justices of the peace in their respective general or quarter sessions, at their quar-or the greater part of them then and there assembled, within tei* ttfl % l0"s the limits of their commissions, upon presentment of the grand aj£ lISonW€r-jury at the assizes or great sessions, or general gaol delivery held presentment for the said county at their Shire hall, or other building usually of the grand'made use of for the holding the assizes or great sessions within at such county, of the ill date and condition of any such Shire assizes. c* s hall, or other building, and the necessity of repairing the same, to order and direct, in purfuapee of such presentment, such Vow XXVIII, N Shire

iji Anno nono Georgii III/ c. 20. [1768.

to.repair such Shire hall, or other building, to be repaired in such manner as* ben discretions shall think fit; and shall assess and rate presented to all and every sum and Turns of money which shall be laid out them to be out ^nd expended in repairing the same upon the several hundreds, ' of repair, &c, lathes, wapenrakes, rapes, cities, towns, parishes, townships, and to make wards, or other divisions, of the said county; and to cause and a rate for de- dire6k the same to be collected, levied, and paid, and the same charges1*&all solicited, levied, and prfd, in the same manner, and thereof, to be by and to the same officers and other persons, and under the levied. See. as same conditions, terms, limitations, restrictions, pains, penal-dhc&edby ties, an(j forfeitures, as other county rates are ordered and di-a 5 relied to be assessed, rated, collelted, levied, and paid, in and

iz Geo. 1. by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for the more easy

assessing, collecting, and levying, county rates; and in and by a clause Sc 13 Geo. z. jn an act passed in the thirteenth year of the said King, intituled, An act to continue several laws therein mentioned for punishing such persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy turnpikes; for repairing highways or \ockss or other works erected by authority of parliament for making rivers navigable; for preventing exactions of the occupiers of locks and weirs upon the river of Thames west-ward, and for after taining the rates of water carriage upon the said river; for preventing frivolous and vexatious arrejls 5 and for better securing the lawful trade of his Majestfs subjects to and from the East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his Majestfs subjects trading thither under foreign' commissions; and for limiting the time for suing forth writs of Certiorari upon proceedings before justices of the peace, and for regulating the time and manner of applying for the same; for the better and more speedy execution of pro* cess within particular franchises or liberties; and for extending the powers and authorities of justices of peace of counties, touching county 'rates, to the justices of the peace of such liberties and franchises as have commissions of the peace within themselves.

But where.JI. Provided always, and be it further enalled by the author a"X, rity aforesaid, That in cases where any Shire hall, county hall* time out of S or ot^er building usually made use of for the holding the assizes mind.been re- or great fertions, hath for time out of mind been repaired at the paired at the expence of any particular person or persons, riding or ridings, ex pence ot division or divisions, part or parts, of any county or Shire, the

pUces^&c. the ^ame shall forev^r hereafter be repaired at the expence of the in-fame is to be habitants of such riding or ridings, division or divisions, part kept in repair or parts, as*they have heretofore been; and the sums and sum at the expence Of nioney to be laid out in repairing the same shall be assessed, tantsof such ratCc* on» anc* c°Ue&e<l, levied and paid, by such division or places, &c. divisions, or parts, of such county, in the manner in this all herein before airelied.

Where sudden III. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, ceed!n8nTo ^at if there should be occasion for any sudden repairs which are wanted, not more than the*sum of thirty pounds, it shall be two justices' lawful for any two justices of the peace of such county, division,

may make an riding or place, after having viewed the same, and aneftimato artier therein of

m

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 21 — 23/

of able workmen made of the expence thereof, to order the same to be repaired, 'and the money to be raised upon thupoun-ty, in the same manner as-it is by this act appointed to be raiftd after a presentment of the grand jury.

IV. Provided, and be it also further enacted, That all cities, Cit!e£, and corporations, rapes, wapentakes, boroughs, towns, ports, pa* ^er CM* rishes, townships, or other places, cur divisions, or person or bomffby kw persons, which are now bound and obliged by law and ancient and ancient usage to repair any such Shire hall, county hall, or other build- u<ag«> to re. ings for the holding the assizes or great sessions, or to furnish P?^»*ur* the same with benches, tables, rails, or other fixtures, and to half, &c.' keep the same in repair, shall for ever hereafter be bound and are ftilfbound obliged to repair the same, and to furnish the same with benches, to do the same, tables, rails, and other fixtures, and to keep the same in repair; any thing in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

- v. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any qdion, plaint, soit, or information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for what he or they shall do iti pursuance or in execution of this act, such person or persons so tued in any court whatfoCver shall and may plead the general Sfiiie, Not guilty, and upon any issue joined may give Generallflue. this act and the (pccial matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or prosecutor foal! become nonsuit, or forbear further prosecution, or foffer a discontinuance, or if a verdjft pass against him, the defendants shall recover their treble costs, for which they Treble cost..shall have the like remedy as in any case when costs by the law are given to defendants.

CAP. XXI.

An act for the more effectual paving, cleansing, lighting, apd watching, the streets, lanes, alleys, and publiclt passages, in the town of Gaini-buj*gh, in the county of Lincoln; and for laying a duty on all coals brought to th« filid town to be sold, and for applying the same to such purport,

CAP. XXII.

An act to amend, and render more effectual an act passed in the ferenth year of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for paving for firetti, and, oljfor places* so {hat part of for parish of Saint Botolph Ald^ate which lies im tbi county of M.dJUfin j and part of a Jreet, called jtafi Smithfeld, in foe freeing of Saint Catherine; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the same, and preventing obfiructions and annoyances therein.

CAP. XXIII.

An act to $mencl and render more effectual an act of the twenty eighth of his late Majesty, for thp better enlightening and cleansing the open places, squaree, flreels, lanes, alleys, passages, and courts, within the puifh of Saint Bartholomew the Great, London, and regulating the ,

"nightly watch a d beadles within the said parish; and for impowering the trustees, in the salt) aft named, to pave the said ilreets and other

Slaces within the foid parish, and to remose annoyances and obstruc-.

174.Anno nono Georgii III. c. 24; [1768.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for carrying into execution certain proposals made by the East India company for the payment of the annual. sum of four hundred thousand pounds, for a limited time* in respeS of the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies.

Preamble, re.

WHEREAS by an act made in the seventh year of the reign of siting aft his present Majesty, intituled, An act for establishing an 7 Geo. j. agreement for the payment of the annustl sum of four hundred thousand pounds, for a limited time, by the East India company, in respe^t of the territorial acquisitions ana revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, it was directed, that the united corn-pony of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and their successors, should pay into the receipt of his Mofieftfs exchequer, for his Majesty's use, the sum of four hundred thousand pounds per annum, during the term of two years, to be computed from the ftrjl day of February one thousand seven hundred and Jixty seven, by half yearly payments of two hundred thousand pounds each, at or before such times as are therein limited; and it was thereby enabled and declared> that ad the territorial acquisitions and revenues {in the said ail before mentioned) lately obtained in the East Indies, Jbeuldremain in pqffeffian of the said company and their futcessors during the said term of two Propofali years: and whereas the said company have made proposals to enter made by the into a further agreement rebelling the said acquisitions and revenues compandor u^ett ierms an^ conditions herein after mentioned, that is to say, a farther first* That four hundred thousand pounds a year be continued to the agreement public for five years, frm the first^February one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine: secondfy, That the company be at liberty to increase their dividend to twelve and an half per centum during the said term, so as not to exceed one per centum in any one year: thirdly, That if the company shall, during the said term, be obliged to reduce their dividends from any cause whatsoever, in fiuch case there J, ball be deduced from the sum agreed to be paid for the use of the public, a sum equal to such reduction; and in like manner, if the company's dividends shall at any time during the find term be again, raised or refiored, the public shall receive equal benefit j but if the said dividends shall be reduced to fix per centum, then the payment to the public shall be discontinued: fourthly. That the company shall be obliged to export in every year, during the continuance of, this agreement, goods and merchandizes of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain, {military and naVal fores excepted) of the like value as they fall appear to have exported annually on an average of five years preceding this agreement: fifthly. That if any surplus of cejb fall remain in England, during the said term, after the difibarge of the company's simple contrail debts haring interest, and the reduction of the company's bond debt to the debt which shall be due from the public to the company, then such surplus fall be lent to the public at two per centum per annum: and whereas it may be fer-the benefit of the public ami the said company, that proper

Pro

Anno nono Georgii III; c. 24. Vj$

provisions should be made for carrying the /aidpropofalsinto effectual execution: now we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal fob-jects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, do 'most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tern* poral, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said united company of 406, 0001. per merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and their fbc- ann. to be ceflors, shall advance and pay into the receipt of his Majesty's Paid th.c exchequer, for his Majesty's use, the sum of four hundred the°exche-n thousand pounds per annum* for and during the term of five quer, for the years, to be computed from the first day of February, one thou- term of 5 sand seven hundred and sixty nine, by half yearly payments of ?c^r8, Cg^two hundred thousand pounds each; which half yearly pay-payments^of ments of two hundred thousand pounds shall become clue on 200, 0001! the first day of August and the first day of February in each year; each, and such of the said half yearly payments as shall so berome due on the first day of August in each year, shall be made on or before the twenty fifth day of March next ensuing; and such of the said half yearly payments as shall so become due on the first day of February in each year, shall be made on or before the twenty ninth day of September next ensuing such first day of February respectively in each year; the first of which half year- First payment ly payments shall 'become due on the first day of August* one to become due thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, and be made on or be- j and to fore the twenty fifth day of March* one thousand seven hundred be made by 2$ and seventy: and in case the said united company of merchants March 1776. of England trading (to the East Indies* or their successors, shall On default of make failure in any of the said payments hereby appointed to payment, be made into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer on or before jj"* the respective days or times herein before limited, that then, recovery from time to time, as often as such case shall so happen, the thereof; money whereof such failure in payment shall be made shall and may be recovered to his Majesty's life, by action of debt, or upon the case, bill, suit, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no eflfoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, shall be allowed, or any more than one imparlance; in which action, biH, suit, or information, it shall be lawful to declare, that the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies* or their successors, are indebted to his Majesty the monies of which they shall have made default in payment, according to the form of this Statute, and have not paid the same, which shall be sufficient; and in pr upon such action, bill, suit, or information, there shall be 'further recovered to his Majesty's use against the said united company of merchants of England(trading to the East w5tb damages Indies* or their successors, damages after the rate of fifteen tbc te pounds per centum per annum for the respective monies so unpaid cent; per ann. contrary to this act, together with full costs of fuit5 and the with f^U colts* frjd united company and their successors, and all their stock,

N 3 funds,

' fed for the dif-pofitron of pkriiament. Company at liberty to increase their dividend s j

Anno nono Georgii III. c. 24! [1768.

funds, and all other their estates and property whartsoever, fliafl be and are hereby tnadfe subject and liable to the payment of Inch monies, damages, and tofts;

Territorial II. And it is hereby further en&Ctad and declared by the au-^o^remain thority aforesaid, That all the said territorial acquisitions and in the compa- revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, shall remain in the xiy. possession of the said united company, and their successors, dur-

ing the said term of five years.

Monies paid III. And be it further enactad by the authority aforesaid, That the monies which shall be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, in pursuance of this act, shall be there reserved to be disposed of and appropriated by parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said united company; and their successors, during the said term of five years, shall be at liberty, from time to time, to inerdafe the dividends upon their capital stock; so that any fisch increase of dividend shall not in any one year, during the said term of five years, exceed the sum of one pound per centum On such capital stock; and so that by any such addition or additions, the dividends to be made upon the said flock shall not exceed in the whole, at any one time during the said term; the rate of twetve pounds and ten shillings per centum per annum.

V. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That if the said united company, or their successors, shall, for and during any time or times within the said term of five years, reduce the dividends upon their said flock; then, and in every such case, them shall, for and during the time or times i'espectively of every such reduction or reductions, be deducted from the said sum of four hundred thousand pounds

the sums pay- per centum, a sum or fumstqual to the amount of each and every able by them fwch reduction; and if at any time or times, within the said into the ex term of five years, the said united company, or their successors, be^cfuced to re^uce dividends upon their said flock to or under the

but if their -dividends shall be reduced.

likewise j

rate of six pounds per centum per annum* then in every such-case, during the respective continuance of every such reduction, the said company shall be and are hereby discharged from the payment of the said fuitn of four-hundred thousand pounds, or such part thereof as would have become due to the public, during but if they be the continuance of such reduction; and that if, after any re-a?a, r#4°'fu duction of the dividends of the said company as aforesaid, it cieae, e jiappen that the dividends of the said company shall be

again increased to any rate exceeding the rate of six pounds per centum per annutn, then and in every such case respectively, from time to time, as often as the case shall happen, such payment or payments shall be made by the said company, or their fuc-ceffbrs, for the trfe of the public, as shall be equal to the amount of the entire sum Which shall be paid in the dividends of the said company during the respective continuance thereof5 all which payments shall be made in the same manner, and at such times, and recovered by the same and the like process, and with the same damages, as are herein before enacted, with respect

yments are to be raade accordingly.-

1^68.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 14. sjf

to the payment and recovery of the said Ann of four hundred thousand pounds per annum by half yearly payments of two hundred thousand pounds in each payment.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Exports re-That during the term of five years, to be computed from the quircdto be twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and made by the sixty eight, the said united company, or their successors, shall comP and are hereby required to export from Great Britain in each and every year, during Aich term, to the British settlements within the limits prescribed by the said company's charter for their carrying on an exclusive trade in the East Indies, or elsewhere, upon the account of the said company or their successors in their course of trade, exclusive of what may be exported by their servants, or private traders licenced by the said company 'or their successors, such goods and merchandizes of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain, as shall amount in value to the sum of three hundred and eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty seven pounds, in each and every such year; but the amount of the value of the military and naval stores so exported, shall not be esteemed or reckoned as part of the said sum of three hundred and eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty seven pounds per annum; and the said com- Bond to be pany, or their successors, shall, on or before the first day of Sxven foT the June, in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, 2)11 and on or before the first day of June in each of the four fuc-

ceeding years, give security by bond to his Majesty, his heirs,

' and successors, under the common seal of the said company, or of their successors, in the penal sum of double the said sum of three hundred and eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty seven pounds, for the due exportation of the said goods ana {Merchandises annually to the amount of the said sum of three hundred and eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty seven pounds, according to the real value of such goods and merchandizes in this kingdom at the time of such exportation, or of the purdiafe thereof by or on the behalf of the said company, or their successors; which fecqrity the high treasurer, or the eotnmissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three or more of such of, is or are hereby authorized to take; and the said company, or their successors, and a specifi-Shall, on or before the thirty first day of Q&ober in the year one cation of the thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, and on or before the f^ported with thirty first of October in each of the four succeeding years, de- thcjr value, to liver to the said high treafqrer, or commifBoners, an account be delivered in writing, signed by two or more of the directors of the said annually to company for th^time being, specifying the particular goods treasury, and merchandizes which shall have been so exported in every such year, in pursuance of and according to the true intent and meaning of this act, with the said true and real values of such goods and merchandizes, with the names of the ships in.vwhich the same were respectively so exported; and which account shall and verified be verified on oath made before ^ny one justice of the peace uP°noatbs

N4'" (which

at the same shall appear to the trca-i'ury, the bonds are to be delivered up» or put in (iiit.

Excess made

178 Anno nono Georgii III. c.24.

(which oath such justice is hereby authorized and required to administer} by the proper officers or servants of the said com* patty, or their successors, who shall keep their books for the entry of goods outwards to the belt of their knowledge: and if send according it shall appear to the satisfaction of the said high treasurer, or commitGoners, that goods and merchandizes shall have been, agreeably to the directions of this act, exported as aforesaid in the respective year in relation where to each bond shall have been so given; then* in each and every such case, the said high treasurer, or of, shall cause such bond to be delivered up; but in case no such account shall be delivered as herein before mentioned, or if it shall appear that the said goods and merchandizes, exported within the term mentioned in any such bond, shall not have amounted to such value as aforesaid, or that any such account shall appear not to be truly made, it shall and may be lawful for the said high treasurer, or of, to cause each and every such bond to be prosecuted according to law, unless he or they shall find sufficient cause to forbear the same.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a-jii the export foresaid, That m case the said company, or their successors, mall of goods in in any one of tjje gve yCars export, or cause'to be export-one year, C(j^ such goods and merchandizes of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of Great Britain, exceeding in value the sum of three hundred and eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty !s to be taken seven pounds; then, and in such case, the said excess shall, ceedin*C «tf, s^rofn t*me to t*me» ta^ennto the account of the exports.accouiS/^*g°°^s ana merchandizes by the said company, or their

successors, in and for the next succeeding year, and shall be allowed and considered as part thereof.

What money

VIII. And be it further enailed by the authority aforesaid, the company That if at any time or times during the said term of five years shall have in commencing from the first day of February, one thousand seven SierdK'"^11 hundred an^ nine, any sum or sums of money belonging charge*of to the united company, or their successors, shall remain in

their simple Great Britain after the discharge of the said company's simple contract debts bearing interest, and the reduction of the said company's debts to such sum as shall be equal only or inferior to the debt which shall be due from the public to the said com-isto be lent pany; then the monies so, from time to time, remaining as to the public aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby required to be, advanced and at) Percen- lent by the said company and their successors to the publif, at mim interest. ant* a*terhe rate two pounds per centum per annuin interest, payable out of such proper and sufficient fund or funds, and in such manner, as shall be settled by parliament; and to be paid quarterly to the said company and their successors, until the redemption and discharge of the capital monies so advanced and A flite of the lent, shall be made by parliament5 and that the said company, company's or their successors, shall, and they are hereby directed and re«i trTft an<T- from time to time, before the expiration of ten days

bond debts after the beginning of the next and every succeeding session p|

par-

contract and other debts.

*1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c.25. 179

parliament, during the said term>f five years, commencing to be given in

from the first day of February one thousand seven hundred and

sixty nine, and of the session of parliament succeeding the expi-

ration of the said term, to give in and deliver unto the high 9

treasurer or of of his Majesty's treafary for the time

being, a true and exalt account of the fiate of the said Ample

contract debts bearing interefi, and of their bond debts, at thp

time of delivering in every such account respectively, and also*#at#

«m account of the date of their cash remaining in Great Bri- of their case tain; all which accounts shall be fairly written, and shall be signed by, two or more of the directors of the said company; and oath shall be made of the truth of every such account, by th? proper officers or servants of the said company before any one justice of the peace, which oath such justice is hereby authorized and required to administer.

---

CAP. XXV.

An act for making perpetual an act made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to continue the duties for encouragement of the coinage of money.

May it please your most excellent Majesty;

[Preamble, reciting clauses in act 1 Geo. 3.]

WHEREAS an act was made in the first year of your Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to continue the duties for encouragement of the coinage of money, whereby the duties and laws therein mentioned or referred to were continued for the term of seven years, to commence from the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, and until the end of the first session of parliament then next following: and whereas by an act made in the last session of parliament,

[and 3 Geo. 3.]

intituled, An act for further continuing Certain laws to prohibit for a limited time the exportation of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch, and also the extraction of low wines and spirits from wheat and wheat flour; for further allowing the importation of wheat and and wheat flour, barley, barley-meal, and pulse, free of duty, into this kingdom, from any part of Europe; and for allowing the importation of oats and oat-meal, rye and rye-meal, into this kingdom, for a limited time, free of duty; and also for continuing such other laws as will expire before the beginning of the next session of parliament; the said act made in the first year of your Majesty's reign was continued until the end of this present session of parliament: and whereas it is expedient that the said act made in the first year of your Majesty's reign should be made perpetual: we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, do humbly pray your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act made in the first year of his present

180 Anno nono Georgii III. c. 26. [1768.

[The recited act of 1 Geo. 3 made perpetual.]

Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to continue the duties for encouragement of the coinage of money, and all the clauses, powers, provisions, directions, rules, and articles, therein contained, shall be, and are hereby, made perpetual; and shall continue in force, and be carried into execution, as fully and effectually as if the same were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act, and as if there had not been any limitation of time whatsoever expressed in the said act for the determination thereof, or of any matter therein contained.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for the relief of insolvent debtors.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS many persons, by losses and other misfortunes, are rendered incapable of paying their whole debts; and though they are willing to make the utmost satisfaction they can, and many of them are able to serve his Majesty by sea or land, yet are detained in prison by their creditors, or have been forced to go into foreign parts out of this realm: and whereas such unhappy debtors have always been deemed the proper objects of publick compassion; and, by several acts of parliament, have been discharged on the conditions in such acts mentioned: for the relief therefore of insolvent prisoners and fugitives who shall comply with the terms contained in this act to be respectively observed by them, and faithfully discover, upon oath, and deliver up and assign, all their effects and estates whatsoever for the benefit of their creditors; and to prevent, as far as possible, the many frauds and abuses which, in a great measure, have obstructed the good ends of such acts; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[Alphabetical lists to be made out of prisoners in custody for debt on 29 Sept. 1768, or since then;]

---

That from and after the passing or this act, all and every gaoler, or keeper of any prison, in any county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, within this kingdom, shall, is, and are hereby required to make a true, exact, and perfect lift, alphabetically, since then* or name or names of all and every person or persons who,

nce C11*upon the twenty ninth day of September* one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, was or were, or at any time since have been, and a*t the time of making out every such lift shall be, really an actual prisoner or prisoners, in the custody of any gaoler or goalers, or keeper of any prison respectively, upon any process whatsoever, for or by reason of any debt, damage, cods, firm or sums of money, contempt, or otherwise, and an account with the fime of the time when such prisoner or prisoners was or were respec-when charg- lively charged in custody, oc received in prison, together with the name or names of the person or persons af whose suit or prosecution such prisoner or prisoners is or are detained; and shall deliver the same to the justices of the peace at their first or second general or general quarter sessions of the peace, to be

terfessiong1^ a^ter ftsne* one thousand seven hundred and

er e ons. sixty nine, or at some adjournment thereof, for such county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty reflectively.

ed, and at whose suit 1

The same to be delivered

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 26. j8i

II. And be it farther enabled, That the warden of bit Maje-The warden

fty's prison of the Fleet, and marshal of the King's Bench prison, of the Fleet,

Avail several Iy*on the delivering in of any such lift of prisonersf the Kin*'*

in their respe£ive custody, take an oath in the dpen court of Bench prison,

such general or general quarter session of the peace, or at (bate to take the

adjournment thereof, to the efte& following5 (that is to say) following oath

' on delivering

I A. B. upon my corporal oath* in the presence of Almighty God*in their do solemnfy /wear, profess* and declare* That all and every per-fan and perfom, whose name or names n or are inserted and contained in the first part of the lift by me now delivered in and subscrtbed* was and were* to the best of my knowledge and belief upon the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eighty redly and truly prisoners, in actual custody* in the prison or gaol of [insert the name of the prison] at the suit or suits of the several per fan or per fans therein respectively mentioned; and also that all and.every person and persans* whose name or names js or are inserted or contained in the focond part of the said lift now by me delivered in and subscribed as aforesaid* have* ftnee the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eighty been committed or surrendered to the said gaol or prison of [insert the name of the gaol or prison] at the suit or suits of the several person or perfom therein respectively mentioned j except such person or persons who is or are in such lift particularly mentioned and deferibei to have died* been discharged* or removed to same other prison, by process of law* ftnee the fetid twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight; and also except such person or persons who is or are in such lift particulary mentioned and defaribed to have been permitted to have gone out of the said prison* by day rules of the court of [Common Pleas or King's Bench, as the case shall be] ftnee the fetid twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eighty to transact their affairs; and also except such person or persons who is or are therein also particularly mentioned and defer ibed to have* upon the fetid twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty tight, or fence, been in the rules of the said prison [of the Fleet or King's Bench, as the case shall be] by leave of the [warden or marshal of the said prison, as the case shall be] and have* to the best of my knowledge and belief* really and truly, ever fence continued and remained in actual custody in the said prison [of the Fleet or King's Bench, as the case shall be] or the liberties thereof at the fttitor suits of the several persons in the said lift respectively mentioned [and if any prisoners have, since the said twenty ninth day of September* one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, escaped out of either of the said prisons] then insert, except [insert the name or names of the prisoner or prisoners who have escaped] who* without my knowledge* privity* or confont* hath or have escaped out of the said prison of and that the said lift is a true* exact* perfect* and just lift of all such persons who were ready and truly prisoners in actual custody in the said gaol or prison of on the said

twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty

j&2 Anno nono Georgii III c.26. fi j68t

sixty eight, and who, since the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eighty have been committed to, and really have been, and now is or are, prisoner or prisoners in actual custody in the said gaol or prison of or the liberties

thereof \ and that none of such prisoners, to my knowledge, or with my privity, have voluntarily, or with design> or in expectation to take any benefit from or under any act of parliament to be made for relief of insolvent debtors, surrendered themselves, or been committed to toe said prison, or got their names entered as pris oners in the books of the said prison; or since the same twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eighty to my knowledge, Or with my privity, have resided out of the said prison of

or the rule thereof [but if any have so done, add, except naming such by name]

Artier gaolers Andy ^at every other gaoler and keeper of any other prison or to.tak/the pri&ms in any county, city, town, riding, divisiop, place, or

following a liberty, shall severally, on the delivering in of any such lift re* oath on deli* spectively, take an oath in the open court of the general or ge* thdr^tish ner*l <luartcr sessions of the county, city, town, division, liber-

f'ty, or place, for which he or she shall deliver in any such lift,

and swear to the effe# following*(that is to say)

I A. B. upon my corporal oathy in the presence of Almighty Gody do solemnly jweary profefsy and declare, That all and every per* son and personsy whose name or names are inserted and contained in the first part of the lift by me now delivered in and subscribed, was and vferey to the best of my knowledge and beliefy upon the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eighty - really and truly prisoners in actual custody, in the prison or gaol of at the suit or fusts of the several persons therein respectively mentioned; and also that all and every person and personsy whose name or names is or are inserted or contained in the secondpart v of the said lift now by me delivered in and subscribed as aforesaid, have, since the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eighty been committed or surrendered to the said gaol or prison of (if any such prisoner or prisoners hath or have, since the said tWenty.ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, been committed or surrendered to such gaol or prison) at the suit of suits of the several person or persons therein respectively mentioned; except [if any exception is neceflary2 such persons as are therein particularly mentioned and described to have died, been discharged, or removed to fime other prison by protefs of law, or to have escaped out of such prison, without my privity, knowledge, or confetti, since the said twenty ninth day <7/" September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eighty and that all and every of themy whose name and names is and qre contained in the first part of the said lift (except as before excepted) to the befi of my knowledge and belief \ have really and truly continued in actual custody, in the said gaol or prison of ever

since the said twenty ninth day of September, W thousand seven I hundred

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 26. igj

hundred and sixty eight; and that the said lift is a true, fefty and jtift ltfiy of all such persons as were realh and truly prisoners in actual custody, in the said gaol or prison of, an the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, and whoy since the said twenty ninth day of ! September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eighty have been \ really and truly committed, or surrendered to the said gaol or prison'of (except as before excepted) to the best of my knowledge and belief \ and that none of such prisoners, to my knowledge

\ or with my privity, have voluntarily, or with designy or in expecta-", tien to take any benefit from or under any act of parliament to be made for relief of insolvent debtors, surrendered or been committed.to the said prison of or got hisy hery or their name or

names entered as prisoner or prisoners in the books of the said prisony cry since their commitment bavey to my knowledge, or with my pri- vity, resided out of the said prison of £if any have

so done, then add except inserting their names]

" Which said respective oaths the said justices, at the first or fe- The oath to

cond general or quarter session aforesaid, or at some adjournment be administer-thereof, within their respective jurisdictions, are hereby im- by the ju-powered and required to administer in open court; and the ^entered^ words of the said oath herein before diredecj to be taken by the and subscribed said warden and marshal respectively, shall be entered or writ- at the bottom ten at the end or bottom of the lift which shall be delivered in cacb lift.

' by them respectively, and shall be subscribed and sworn to by, them respectively in open court; and the words of the oath to

be taken by every other gaoler or keeper respectively, shall be entered or written at the end or bottom of the lift which shall be delivered by them respectively, and shall be subscribed, and

; sworn to by them respectively in open court: and every such Lift to be kept lift which mall be so delivered in, subscribed, and sworn to, by the clerk in pursuance of this act, shall be kept by the clerk of the peace, of the peace.

' town clerk, or other officer, acting as clerk of the peace of every such county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty respectively, in which apy such lift as aforesaid shall be sworn to, for the better satisfaction of the said justices, and information of all or any prisoner or prisoners therein named; and so as the lame may, from time to time, be seen and examined by any creditor or creditors of such prisoner or prisoners, without fee or reward.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Copies of the That all and every gaoler and gaolers, and keeper of any gaol lifts to be de-or prison, is and arc hereby required, ten days at least before }|v?w*1in to the first or second general or quarter session of the peace shall be she prions m held after the said first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and on the* and sixty nine, for the county, riding, division, city, town, gates thereof, place, or liberty, in which any/Uch gaol or prison shall be, or to which the same belong, to fix up, in some conspicuous place or places in every such prison, and at the most frequented and usual gatfc, door, or tntrance, intp every such prison* three or"

ipore

i86 Anno nono Georgii III. c.26. [1768.

quarter fef- journffient thereof, shall be held as aforesaid; so that as well aJJ the creditors who have not charged the said prisoner or prisoners in custody, as those creditors who have charged such prisoner or prisoners in execution, or on rnefne procefe, or otherwise, may have sufficient notice thereof;

Prisoner being IX. And be it further enacted, That every such prisoner as brought into aforesaid, who, in pursuance of any such warrant as aforesaid, J*ue shall be brought to any general or general quarter session, or then^ceTre- anYadjournment thereof, shall, in case it shall be proved upon quired being oath, or by producing the said three Gazettes and news papers proved, &c. before mentioned to the said justices at any such session, or the adjournment thereof, that such notices were so inferred in the London Gazette and other news papers, where required, in man-it to deliver ner as herein before is directed; and that the person or persons in a schedule so petitioning, was or were actually a prisoner or prisoners detolwdl* on twenty ninth day of September* one thousand seven

creditors.'hundred and sixty eight, or since, in the gaol or prison in which his, her, or their name or names is or are specified in the lift of prisoners there delivered in at any such firstor second session, or any adjournment thereof as aforesaid, in pursuance of this act, shall, in open court at the said general or quarter session, or any j adjournment thereof, subscribe and deliver in a true schedule or account of all his or her real estate, either in possession, rever-lion, remainder, or expectancy; and also of the whole of his or her personal estate which he or she, or any person or persons in trust for him or her, or for his or her use, benefit, or advantage, is or are seised bf, interested in, or intitled to, with the names of his or her several debtors, and where they respectively live, or may be met with; and the several sums of money from them respectively owing, and how the same respectively became due, and are secured; and if by mortgage, specialty, contract, note, or other writing, then the name and names and places of abode of the several witnesses who can prove such debts or contracts (if there be any such) and shall also makq oath and swear to the effect following; (that is to say)

Prisoner*! T A. B. upon my corporal oath* in the presence of Almighty God* oath on de- A do solemnly swear* protest* and declare* That on the twenty ninth ^d^chwTule^September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight* /

' was a prisoner, or else, as the case may be, that since the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight*

I have surrendered, or have been committed to the prison of

in iifcharge of my bail* or for want of bail* as the case shall be; and that I was actually arrested before the said twenty j ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight* in the action or side, actions or fiuits* in which I surrendered* or was committed* as aforesaid* to the said gaol or prison of and that I have* ever since my said surrender or commitment, continued a prisoner within the prison of in the actual custody of

the gaoler or keeper of the said prison of or within the

liberties thereof* at the suit of and without any fraud

17^8.] Anno nono Georgii III. c.26. 187

or collusion whatsoever; and that the schedule now delivered by mend subscribed* doth contain* to the beji of my knowledge* remembrance, and belief* afull^ jufi* true* and perfect account and difeoviry of all the goods* effects* and, efiates* real and personal* either in possession, reversion* remainder or expeClancy* which /,r person in trufi for me* or for my benefit or advantage* am seised or poJjeJJ'ed of interested in* or intitled to; and of all debts as are to me owing* or to any person or persons in trufi for me 1 and of all the securities and contracts whereby any money now is9 or will or may hereafter become payable, or any benefit or advantage may accrue to me* or to my use* or to any person or persons in trufi for me j and the names and placet of abode of the several persons from whom such debts are due and owing; and of the witnesses that can prove such debts of contracts, if any such there be; and that neither I. nor any other person or persons in trufi for me* or for my use* have any lands, money* flock* or any estate real or personal* in possession* reversion* or remainder* or expectancy* other than what are in the said schedule contained \ ex* cept wearing apparel* and bedding for myself and family* working tools* and necessary implements for my occupation and calling* and these in the whole not exceeding the value of ten pounds; and that I have not* nor any body for me hath* directly or indirectly* fold* lessen ed* or otherwise conveyed* disposed of in trufi* or concealed* all or any part of try lands* money* goods, chattles* Jlocks* debts* securities* con- y

tracts* or estate real or personal* whereby to secure the same* or tq receive or expect ary profit or advantage thereof* or with intent to defraud or deceive any creditor, or creditors* to whom I am or was indebted in any wise howsoever.

So help me GOD.

And the said schedule and oath shall be by every such prisoner Schedule and subscribed in the presence of the justices in open session of the oath to be a peace as hereby is directed, and shall be kept by, and remain subscribed m, with, the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting ana bdged as clerk of the peace, for the county, city, liberty, division, with the cleric town, or place, where the same shall be subscribed and taken, of the peace, for the better information of all the creditors of such prisoner th? cxa: who shall delire, or may have occasion, to resort thereto; and ^creditors, every such creditor shall be at liberty, at seasonable times in the day-time, to peruse and examine the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That the justices within their Court, if re-respective jurisdictions, at any such general or general quarter quiredbythe session, br adjournment thereof, at the request of any creditor admin^er^a^ or creditors of any such'prisoner, are hereby authorized to cause oath to the the deputy warden and marshal of the*Fleet and King's Bench gaoler, or any prison, and any other, under officer, tipftaffj and turnkey of any other person, gaol or prison, and any other person, to con^e before them, and Sthe^atSrs to examine them respectively on oath, touching any of the preicribed to matters contained in any of the oaths prescribed by this act to befwornto. be taken, and the truth thereof; and if the oath which shall have been taken in open court by any such prisoner or prisoners shall not bte di(proved by good testamony of any credible person Vol. XXVIII. O' or

i88 Anno nono GEORGii lit, c. 26. fi^68.

The pri(bn- or persons on oath, and such justices, or the major part of them,£*'h "ot present at any such general or quarter session, shall be satisfied ed'.'the coDrt with the truth of the oath taken by any such respective prisoner. Is to discharge then such justices shall, in such session, or some adjournment him; thereof, command the said sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers,

or keeper of such prison or prisons, forthwith to set at liberty such prisoner or prisoners, without having or taking any fee or a rewar^» other than one shilling for his or their attendance with such prisoner or prisoners at such general or quarter session, or any adjournment thereof, in order for his, her, or their discharge, and which every such Iheriff or Iheriffs, gaoler or gaol- ers, keeper or keepers of such prison or prisons, is and are hereby authorized to receive and take for every such order: and Gaoler in- every such order shall be a sufficient discharge to the sheriff or A^escape. gpolef or gaolers, or keeper of fqch prison or prisons,

and shall indemnify him or them against any escape or escapes, or a diion or a diions whatsoever for escape, which shall or maybe brought, commenced, or prosecutdd against him or them. Estate and ef- XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, fedis of the That all the estate, right, title, interest, and trust, of such pri-

fee of i s. to the gaoler

prisoner, upon (oner, of, in, and unto, all the real estate, as well freehold and so^ftinX. copy ascultomaryhold, clerk of the

peace.

_ and to all the personal estate, debts, and effects of every such prisoner, shall, immediately after the discharge of any such prisoner, be, and the same is hereby, veiled in the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as, clerk of the peace, of and for the county, riding, city, town corporate, division, liberty, or place, where any such prisoner hi to make ')e discharged j and every such clerk of the peace,

overthe same town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, is hereto the ailtg- by directed and required to make an assignment and convey-aees named ance of every such prisoner's estate and effects, veiled in such* by the court, cjer^ of tjje peace; town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, as aforesaid, to such creditor or creditors of the said prisoner, as the justices at any general or general quarter session of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, which shall 7 be held by them within their respective jurisdictions, shall order or direct (which assignment and conveyance shall be good and effectual in law to all intents and purposes whatsoever, without being wrote on parchment or paper stampt} and to veil the estates thereby assigned and conveyed, in the party or parties to whom the same shall be so assigned and conveyed, his, her, and their heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, according to the estate and interest the prisoner had therein: and for the preparing, ingrossing, and executing, of which assignment and conveyance, no clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, shall take any greater fee than two shillings; and every such assignment and conveyance shall be in trust for the benefit of the creditor or creditors of every such prisoner to whom the same shall be made, and the rest of the ere- 1 ditors of such prisoner, in relrcdt or in proportion to their respective debts; and every perron and persons to whom anyjudh

for which he Is to be paid % s. and no more.

Anno nono Georgii III, c. 26. 189

assignment and conveyance as aforesaid shall be made. Is and Assignees im« are hereby fully Empowered to sue, from time to time, as there Jj^wered* may be occasioti, in his, her, or their own name or names, for , u*the recovery and attaining any estate or efteds of any such pri- and execute foner, and also to execute any trust or power veiled in, or ere- any trad or' ated for, the use or benefit of any such prisoner; but in trust, P«er, " for the benefit of him or themselves, and the rest of the credi- ?* tors of every such prisoner; and to give discharge and dtfeharges and give dif« to any debtor or debtors of any such prisoner, as shall be requi- charges, lire > and every such assignee and assignees shall, with all Chn- They are to yenient speed after his or their accepting any such assignment or SJj* in> conveyance, use his and their beift endeavours to receive and get efbteand^ in the estate and effects of every such prisoner; and shall, with feds of the all convenient speed, make sale of all the estates of such prisoner* prisoner, vested in such assignee or assignees; and if any such prisoner aijd lhaibbe interested in, or intitled to, any real estate, either in possession, reversion, or expectancy, the same, within the space Ofprisoner*$ of two months after every such assignment and conveyance, real estate, shall be sold by public auction in such manner, and at such place, m wanner as the major part of the creditors of any such prisoner who shall assemble together on any notice in writing puWished in the of the credi-London Gazette* or in same daily paper, if the prisoner before tors summoxi* his going to gaol resided in London, or in the weekly bills of mortality, and if elsewhere, then in same news paper which PttrPofe*shall be published in or near tht county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or place, in which such prisoner dwek before he

or (he was committed to gaol, thirty days before any such sale shall be made, shall*, under his hand, or their hands, agree on: and every such assignee and assignees, at the end of three and make a months at farthest from the time'of his accepting any such assignment or conveyance as aforesaid, shall make a just and fair months* dividend of all fuch1 prisoner's estates and effects which shall have been then got in amongst his or her creditors, jn proportion and in regard to each creditor's respective debts; but be- first making fore any such dividend shall be made, such assignee or assignees ^ount^and shall make up an account of such prisoner's estate j acid make verifying the ' oath in writing before one or more justice or justices of the peace same upon of the county, riding, division, town, liberty* or place, in which oath* any such prisoner shall have been dischar&ed, that every such account contains a just and fair account or the estate and eflfedls of every such prisoner got in by or for such assignee or assignees, and of all payments made in respect thereof, and that airpay-ments in every such account charged, were truly and bona: side made and paid*and notice of the making of every such dhrt- 3p days no-dend shall be published in like manner as a meeting of credi- tice to be giv.* t tors is herein before directed to be published, thirty days at^!vi.^least before the same shall be made: and no creditor shall be dends, allowed to receive any share of such dividend, until he shall and none to have made out the justness and identity of his respective debt receive any*by oath, 'or due proof in writing, before fojne'such justice or justices} and if any creditor of such prisoner shall be dissatisfied shall prove

with their debt*

i<jo Anno noho Georgii III. c. 2$.: [176S:

Debts enter- with the reality or fairriefs of any, debt claimed by any other cre-cd*.10* ditor, then the same, at the request of any such creditor or cre-anddVerndn- ditors so dissatisfied, shall be examined into by the justices of ed by the the county, riding, division, city, liberty, or place, in which

court. such prisoner shall have been discharged, at their next general

stanriusofthe or general quarter session, and what they shall there determine prijfoner's e- In the premilfes, shall be conclusive to all parties; and if, after payment of all such prisoner's creditors, there shall any of his estate and effects remain after payment of all reasonable charges, the lame shall be paid to such prisoner, his executors or administrators.

XII. Provided further, and be it also enacted, That no Suit in equity shall be commenced by any assignee or assignees of any

Hate, after satisfying all claims there-on, to go to the prisoner. No Suit in equity to be

b^consent Prfr°ner's estate and effects, without the consent of the of th/majori- major part, in value, of the creditors of such prisoner, who shall tv in value of meet together pursuant to a notice to be given in the Londm the creditors. Gazette for that purpose.

Clerk of the

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, peace to ex- That the clerk*of the peace, town clerk, or other officer, acting.j*to the as clerk of the peace of every respective county, city, and coun-his attorney, Y town> and county, riding, division, cinque port, liberty, and upon payment place, with whom any Schedule of the estates of any insolvent of is. the debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, shall be left, and his schedule of^successors, clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer, adfc-estate'andes!nS as c*cr^ of as aforesaid, shall, on the reasonable re-

fers s*quest of any creditor or creditors of such insolvent debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, or his or their attorney, produce and shew to such creditor or creditors, or his or their attorney, in the day-time, the schedule of the estates of any such insolvent debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, which shall be left with any Such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, or his predecefior in that office; the per* son so requiring to fee and peruse any Such schedule, paying or tendering to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, in whose custody any such schedule shall be, or his deputy, the sum of one shilling for his trouble in', searching for, and looking out, such schedule, and attending

whilst the same shall be perused by the party or parties requiring to have the same looked out, and to peruse the same j and that Attested copy a true copy of every such schedule, signed by the clerk of the ther^tobc peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, granted! jn ^ofe custody the same shall be, or his deputy, purporting the same to be a true copy of such schedule, without being wrote*on stampt paper, and for which copy no more shall be paid than

three pence by the (beet; each sheet to contain ninety words, which shall be and so in proportion for a less number of words in any sheet, evidence in shall, at all times, be admitted in all courts whatsoever as legal

all.courts. evidence of the same: and if any clerk of the peace, or his de-

Clerk of the puty, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, Peac^fcfufinS shall, on reasonable request as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to* jhclTi&edule Produce to my such creditor or creditors as aforesaid, or his or < ..... 9'theilr

7^*I*Anno nono Georgii III. c. 26. 19*

their attorney, any such schedule as aforesaid, and to permit the or to deliver a same to be inspected as aforesaid, in the day-time, on such pay- or^kin^wcl ment or tender as aforesaid, being made to him 3 or shall ask or orbitantfees" take more than after the rate of three pence by the sheet, each for the lame, sheet to contain ninety words, and so in proportion for less than ninety words in a sheet; or shall refuse to make and deliver a -copy of any such schedule, on being requeued as aforesaid so to make the same, and having the tqoney tendered to him for payment of such copy, after the rate aforesaid; shall, for every such forfeits 10L' offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, which shall and a"d treble may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's courts ofcoft8J record at Westminster^ by action of debt, together with treble one moiety to costs of suit, in the name of any person who shall prosecute for t[, e profecu-the same: and one moiety of which money forfeited shall, for, and the when recovered, go to the party who prosecutes for the same, other to the and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parish in which the the offence shall be committed.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before such time as any assignee or assignees, as aforesaid, shall enter on, or

take any profit from, any copyhold or customary estate as afore- dtates tocora-said, he or they shall agree and compound with the lord or lords pound with of the manor or manors of whom the same shall be holden, for the lord of the payment of such fine or income as, upon any surrender andthc manor» admission thereto, hath heretofore been most uiually accustomed to be paid; and that upon every such agreement or compofi- and to be ad-tien, the said lord or lords for the time being, at the next court, mitted te-, or some subsequent court, which shall be holden for the said ma- there* nor or manors, after such agreement made, shall admit such assignee or assignees tenant to such copyhold or customary premises, according to the custom of the said manor or manors of which the same shall be holden, for and during such estate and

'interest as the prisoner had therein at the time of his or her being discharged as aforesaid, reserving the rents, duties, heriots, customs, and services, payable and to be rendered in respect of the said copyhold or customary premisses.

XV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall ex-The prison-tend to prejudice or affect any estate, or interest or rightwhat-er's, &c. right soever, of any other person or persons, other than the said pri-^bcaf-foner or fugitive, which may be expectant upon, or subject un- by this" $0, the estate or interest of the said prisoner or fugitive hereby aft.

veiled in the said clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace; but that the estate, interest, and right whatsoever, of every other person and persons, shall remain, continue, and be feved to them, in the same manner as: if this act had not been made.

XVI. Provided further, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any relit, not exceeding two years relit, where relit is shall be due to any person or persons from such prisoner or pri- due, are to be foners, at the time of his or their respective discharges, in respect transferred to to any meflbages, lands, or tenements, then in lease to such pri- not foner or prisoners respectively, for life pr live?, for years, will, over to the

1 0 3 pr assignees j

unless they shall agree to satisfy the landlord*

Anno nono Georgii III. c. 26 [2765#

or otherwise, no goods or chattles then lying or being in or up* on the respective tenements, liable to be distrained, shall be assigned by the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, in manner aforesaid, but shall, by such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, be transmitted to such landlord or landlords, or same person or persons intruded for him or them respectively, towards satisfaction of the relit then due, not exceeding two years relit, as aforesaid, unless the person or persons to whom such alignment and conveyance shall be made by such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, shall, by writing under his hand, or their respective hands, before such assignment shall be made, agree to pay or satisfy to such landlord or landlords the relit to him or them re* spectively due, not exceeding two years relit as aforesaid; to the intent that such landlord or landlords may be satisfied the relit or rents to him or them respectively due, before any division of the estate or effects of such prisoner or prisoners shall be made among his other creditors, in like manner as he or they might be satisned the relit to him or them respectively due, before the re* moval of such goods and chattles, by virtue 6f asti execution, by force of the Statute made in the eighth year of her late Majesty's AS S Anns. reign, intituled, An act for the better security of rents, and to prevent frauds committed by tenants; any thing herein before con*^tained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed to hipder or prevent, any mortgage or mortgages upon the estate of such prisoner or prisoners, or any part thereof, to take place upon the lands, tenements, or hereditaments comprised in such mortgage or mortgages respectively; nor to prevent any Statute

able tVclaims* staple, Statute merchant, recognizance, or judgement, aeknow-of an inferior ledged by, or obtained against, any such prisoner or prisoners, to take place upon the lands, tenements, or real estate of such prisoner or prisoners; and also where any inquisition shall have been taken upon any such Statute or recognizance, or any writ of execution shall have been* taken out and delivered to the sheriff or proper officer, upon any such judgement, before such discharge shall be given in open tession to any such person as a* foresaid, the personal estate of every such prisoner respectively shall be subject thereto, in the first place, for so much as shall remain due upon such mortgage, Statute, recognizance, or judgement respectively, in like manner as such mortgages and creditors, by Statute, recognizance, or judgement, would have been preferred, to other creditors of an inferior nature, against the real or personal estate of such prisoner and prisoners respectively, if this act had not been made; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And whereas many persons who may be intitled to,

and claim the benefit of, this act, are seised and possessed of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to hold to, such prisoners'for

All mortgages, Statutes, recognizances, and judgements, are to take place, prefer-

nature.

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. C. 26.

for the term of their natural lives, with power of granting leases, and taking fines, referring finall rents on such estates, for one, two, or three lives, in possession or reversion, or for some number of years determinable upon lives s which said powers ought to be executed for the benefit of the creditors of such prisoners; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in every power in the such case, all and every the powers of leafing such lands, jtene- prisoner of ments, and hereditaments, which are or shall be veiled in any kj1?*»

such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby t]ie' min..., vested in the assignee or assignees of the real and personal estate of such prisoner, by virtue of this act, to be by such assignee or assignees executed for the benefit of all and every the creditors of such prisoners as aforesaid.

XIX. And whereas in some gaols or prisons in this kingdom, the office of gaoler or keeper is held in fee for life, or otherwise, by persons who never ad as gaolers or keepers themselves, or know any thing of the prisoners therein, 'but depute or employ some person or persons under them as gaolers or keepers of such

gaols or prisons; be it therefore 'enacted, That in every such case. The am»g the person who shall have been actually employed aha acted as gaoler at the deputed gaoler or keeper of any such gaol or prison, at the time tim< of deli-of the delivering in the lifts, hereby directed to be delivered in, of prisoners in any such gaol or prison, at any general or quarter fef- nable to be. fion of the peace, or Tome adjournment thereof, and not the sworn. principal gaoler or keeper (unless where such principal gaoler or keeper shall act as a gaoler or keeper himself) shall take the oath herein before appointed to be taken by the gaoler or keeper of every such gaol or prison.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Court, if re. That the justices at any general or quarter session of the peace, quired by a or adjournment thereof, to which any prisoner shall be brought creditor, of-in pursuance of this act, shall, if required by any creditor or creditors of any such prisoner or prisoners, who shall oppose his charge is to or her discharge, administer and give to the gaoler, or the per- administer the

> son who acts as gaoler or keeper of any such prison, at the following time of bringing up any such prisoner in order to be dilchaiged "* under this act, an oath to the following effect (that is to say)

I A. B. do sweart That was really and truly a

prisoner in my custody, in the prison of to the best

of my knowledge ana belief, at or upon the tweniy ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight; and that the copy or copies. of the cause or eaufes of his or her commitment or detainer, now by me brought with the body of the said and produced to this court, is or are a true copy or copies of the cause or eaufes of such detainer or commitment, without any fraud or deceit by me, or any other person whatsoever, to the beji of my know'ledge and belief.

So help me GOD,

And if any person who was gaoler or keeper, or deputed if such parson gwl$r or keeper, of any such gaol or prison on the said twen- foal! not have

o 4y

' 194 Anno nono Georgii III. c.26. [iy68z

been the go- ty ninth day of September* one thousand seven hundred and six-1768?&c ^»en or since, shall not happen to be the gaoler or keeper,

the following °? deputed gaoler or keeper, of any such gaol or prison, at the path is to be time any such lift as aforesaid is herein required to be delivered administered in, then the justices at any such session, or at any adjournment totum. thereof, may, and are hereby required to administer and give the respective person or persons who shall be gaoler or keeper, or deputed goaler o keeper, of any such gaol or prison; and deliver in any such lift as aforesaid at any such general or quarter session, or any adjournment thereof, an oath, touching the commitments or books of commitment of any such prifoa, to the effect following (that is to say)

I A. B. do sweary That I have examined the commitments* or books kept of or concerning the commitmenty of prisoners to the prison of in the county, riding* division, city, town, place, or liberty of as the case

shall be; and that fdo verily believe that the said commitments\ or books of commitment* are really true* and not fictitious* nor calculated for this purpose; and by them it doth appear* that whs on the twenty ninth das of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight* really and truly a prisoner in the actual custody of the then gaoler or keeper* or deputed gaoler or

leeper* of the said prison* withoutfraud or deceit by me* or any other ferfon or persons to my knowledge and belief

So help me GOD.

Court, if required by a creditor, may summon the person who acted as gaoler on 29 Sept.7.6$, or since,

and examine him 'touching the commitment continuance in custody of the prisoner.

Gaoler disobeying the warrant, or order of the court, &c. forfeits 1 oo 1. with treble cost*.

XXI. And in order to discover any fraudulent entries orcom-mitments of prisoners in any gaol books, be it further er.acted by the authority aforesaid, That the justices at any general or quarter session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, are hereby authorized, at the request of any creditor or creditors of any prisoner, to convene before them, at some certain time to be appointed by them, any person or persons who was or were gaoler or keeper, or reputed gaoler, or keeper, of any gaol or prison within their respective jurisdictions, on the said twenty ninth day of September* one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, or at any time since; and to examine every such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, on oath, touching the commitment and continuance in custody of any such prisoner, as the justices, at any such general or quarter session, or adjournment thereof, shall think fit: and if any sheriff, gaoler, or keeper, or reputed gaoler or keeper, shall neglect or refuse to bring before such justices at any session of the peace, or adjournment thereof, any prisoner as shall be directed and required by warrant of any justice or justices as aforesaid, or to attend or being Summoned for that purpose; or if any gaoler or keeper attend- ing, shall refuse to make answer and discovery in the preipi(Te§, as shall be reasonably required at such general or quarter session, or any adjournment thereof; he, she, or they, so offending in the premisses, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 26. 195

Cum of/one hundred pounds, to be recovered by and in the name, and for the use, of the party injured, by action of debt to be brought in his or her name, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, together with treble costs of luit

XXII. And whereas great number of workmen, Ikilful in the several trades.and manufedures of this kingdom, andalfp many <able seamen and mariners* finding themselves unable to satisfy the whole of their respective debts, and dreading the miseries of a gaol, have chose to leave their employments and native country, and have entered thegifelv.es in foreign service: and whereas their continuance abroad must be of great prejudice to the trade of this kingdom; in order therefore to induce and enable such persons to return, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That all and every debtor and debtors, who was or were adu- Debtors who ally beyond the seas in foreign parts on the said twenty ninth , Ycr? toy00* day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, % ept.°i76S, and did not go into such foreign parts with the view or intent to surrendering gain or have the benefit of an insolvent debtors ad, who shall themselves, Teturn and surrender himself or themselves unto the gaoler or J"ay IakVifL gaolers, keeper or keepers of the prisons of the King's Bench, 0 Marshalsea, or Fleet, or to the gaoler or keeper, pr deputed'gaoler or keeper, of the prison or prisons of such county, city, town, riding, division, liberty, or place, where such debtor or debtors last dwelt for the space of six months (which said gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers, isj and are hereby required and impowered to receive and detain such debtor or debtors surrendering as aforesaid, in order to their discharge ?s herein after-mentioned) shall, from and immediately after such surrender as aforesaid, be deemed a prisoner ox prisoners within, and be to all intents and purposes iniitled to, the benefit of this act; and shall* upon due proof of the said premisses, by the oath of such debtor or debtors (not disproved by any credible witness) be discharged in the same manner as if he, she, or they, had teen actually in prison on the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, and continued therein as aforesaid; subject nevertheless to the same reftridioqs and provisions, upon the same and a compliance with the like terms, conditions, and qualifica- terms as tiens, herein before imposed upon the said prisoners actually in Pr"°°- custody upon the said twenty ninth day of September, one thou- 1 sand seven hundred and sixty eight, and also subject to the terms and provtfions relating to the estate arid efifeds of such prisoner aforesaid; excepting only such particulars thereof, as requirer^hPt^"ficu^ the name of a prisoner to be inserted in the gaoler's or keeper's wherein* lift as aforesaid, or relate to the oaths of such gaoler or keeper the cases of herein before appointed to be taken, which particulars cannot both differ, possibly be applied to the cgfe of persons surrendering themselves as aforesaid; and also except the said oath herein before appointed to be taken by prisoners ii) custody upon the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight; instead whereof, the said person or persons so surrender-fn$» shall tafc ai> c$tb tq open j?oprt at fofpc geppral or quar-

jg6*Anno iiono Georgii III. c.i>6. [1768.

ter session of the peace, or some adjournment thereof, of the county, city, v town, riding, division, place, or liberty, in the 'prison of which any such fugitive or debtor shall be held, after the surrender of any such fugitive or debtor, to the effect foi* lowing; which the said justices authorized to put this ac in ex* ecution, are hereby required and impowered to administer, in such manner as-the oaths herein before mentioned are to be administered.

Fugitive* 'T A\ B. upon my corporal oath, in the presence of Almighty Gody

oat"* JL foiemnly swear, protejl, and declare, That I was actually on the

twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eighty beyond the fias in foreign parts, videlicet, at andjhat the schedule now delivered and by me subscribed» doth contain, to the heft of my knowledge, remembrance, and belief \ a full, jujky true, and perfect account and difiovery of all the real estate, goods, (/-sects, and other perfimb estate, in any wise belonging to me; and alfe of all such debts as are to me owing, or to any person or persons in trust for me; and of all the securities and contracts wherein any money now is, or will or may hereafter become payable, or whereby or where from any benefit or advantage may accrue to me, or to my use, or to any other.person or persons in trust for me; and the names and places of abode of the several persons from Whom such debts are due and owing; and of the witnesses that can prove such debts or contracts, if any such there be; and that neither /, nor any person or persons tn trust for me, r$ or are seised of any real estate in possession, reversion, or remainder or expectancy, or of any per final estate of any kind whatsoever* other than what are in the said schedule contained; except my wearthg apparel9 and bedding for myfilf and family, my working tools, and necessary implements for my occupation and calling, not exceeding, in the whole9 the value of ten pounds; and that I have not, directly or indirectly, fold, lejfined, or otherwise conveyed, dispofid of in trust, or conceal-id, all or any part of my real estate, money, goods, chattles, stocks9 debts, securities, contracts, or other per final estate whafiever, where- by to secure the same, so as to receive or expect any profit or advantage therefrom to myfilf or family, or with any view, intent, or design, to defraud or deceive any creditor or creditors, to whom I am indebted in any wise howfiever9 or prevent their recovering or attaining their respective debts*

So help me GOD.

Gaoler and printer of the Gazette, or other news paper, not complying with the regulations in this act, forfeit 1091. to the prisoners* with treble costs of fqit*

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any gaoler or keeper of any prison, or his deputy or deputies, shall, without just cause, to be approved of by the justices at some general or quarter session of the peace, or adjournment thereof, within their respective jurisdictions, refuse or de- lay to bring any such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid to any such general or quarter session, or some adjournment thereof, Sn order to his or her discharge; or shall neglect, refuse, or designedly omit to insert, in any such lift, the nam^ or names of any such prisoner or prisoner* who was or were actually in custo-

ji 768.] Anno nemo Georgii III. C. 26i 197

dy in his or their respectivegaol or prison on the^ laid twenty ninth day of September* one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, or since; or shall neglect or refuse to make out, fix 'up, or deliver such lifts as aforesaid; or if any such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall neglect or refuse to take any of the said oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him; or shall, upon any account or pretence whatsoever, take or receive more than the said sum of one shilling herein before allowed for his or her attendance in order to be discharged of such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid $ or shall detain any such prisoner after he or she shall be discharged as a* foresaid $ or if the printer of the London Gazette, or other news paper ?s aforesaid, shall wilfully refuse or neglect to insert therein the name, trade, occupation, and last place of abode, of fqch prisoner, on reasonable request to him made for that purpose, and tender of the money hereby directed to be paid $ or mall take or receive any fee or gratuity more than two pence as aforesaid for doing thereof; every such gaoler and keeper of such prison or prisons, his deputy or deputies, and every such printer as a- foresaid, shall respeChvely forfeit and pay to each prisoner, in any such case injured, the sum of one hundred pounds$ which shall and may be recovered, with treble costs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

[Gaoler,

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, coiw That if any such gaoler or gaolers, or keeper or keepers, or any vi&edof tier-deputed gaoler or keeper* of any prison, shall, in taking of the jury, forfeits afore-mentioned oaths, forswear or perjure himself, and shall 5°°1* £* thereof be lawfully convicted, such gaoler or keeper, or deputed

gaoler or keeper, of such prison or prisons (over and above such*penalties as may be inflicted on persons convicted of perjury}

shall, upon every such conviction, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds; to be recovered, with full costs, by bill, plaint, or information, or action of debt, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster* wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, shall be allowed, by and in the name of such person or persons, his of their executors and administrators, to whom any assignment or conveyance, in pursuance of this act, shall be made, of tl\e estate and effects of such prisoner or prisoners; and if no such assignee or assignees shall be living, ^rmer, and* then in the pame or names of any other creditor or creditors who the other to* shall sue for the said penalties \ to be applied, one moiety to the wards satisiy-informer or informers, and the other moiety towards satisfactionhe of the debts of such his creditor or creditors. £ors-c cr

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any clerk of the CI*f.peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting as refu5f|, ff clerk of the peace, shall delay or refuse to give every or any such the prisoner a; prisoner so discharged as aforesaid, within ten days after his or copy of his her discharge, a copy of the order of his or her cfifcharge, on discharge, the payment of two shillings ant) fix peace, or (ha)} take more or taking exT

f thanorbiUatfcc*

'198

for the same,

pr for aligning over the pntbner's estate and effects;

Anno nono Georgii III. C. 26. [1768.

than the said sum of two shillings and six pence for such copy, or shall take more than two shillings for an alignment or conveyance^ such prisoner's estate or effects; every such clerk of or the peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer aft-}ng* of the peace, who shall.so offend, and who shall btf forties loLto convicted at any such general or quarter session of the peace, 6t the prisoner. any adjournment thereof, of any such offence, Khali, for every such offehee, forfeit and pay to every such prisoner the sum of twenty pounds, as the justices of the peace, at any such general or quarter session of the peace, or adjournment thereof, shall order; and who are hereby impowered to cause the same to be levied by difaifs and sale of the good* of any such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer ailing as clerk of the piace, lb offending.

Prisoner con- XaVL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, yi&ed of per- That if any prisoner as aforesaid, or any other person or persons, i aTa felon r ta^e the bertefit of this act, shall forswear or perjrfre

hunself, herself, or themselves, in any oath to be taken un- j'der this act, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he, (he/or they so bffending, shall be adjudged a felon, and suffer as such, without benefit of clergy.

XXVII. And J>e it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, j That no j5erfon to be discharged by this act shall at any time here-

liableTo arrest after, be impriibned by reason of any judgement or decree ob-for debts, &c. tained f>r payment of money only, pr for any debt, damages, eontrafted be- contempts, costs, sum or sums of money, contracted, incurred, 4/y- occasioned, owing, or growing due, before the said twenty

ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight i but that upon every arrest upon every judgement or fuen decree, or for such debts, damages, contempts, costs, sum and sums of money, it shall and may be lawful for any judge of the court where the process issued, upon shewing the copy of the order of such prisoner's discharge or discharges, to release and difeh^rge out of custody such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid; and every such judge is hereby imppwered fp to do on such pri* (oner's causing a common appearance to be entered for him ia every such action and suit.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action of escape, or any suit or action, be

pfe°adthh aft brought against any justice or justices of the peace, sheriff, gaoler,

or keeper of any prison, for performing their office, in pursuance

of this act, they may plead the general issue, and give this act.- in evidence 5 and if the plaintiff be nonsuited or discontinue his

action, or verdict pass against him, or judgement upon demurrer, treble S the defendant shall have treble costs.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, charged may That if any Scire facias, or action of debt, or upon judgement, plead general- shall be brought against any prisoner, his or her heirs, execu-ly, tec. to all tors, or administrators, upon any judgement obtained against

any such prisoner, or in any Statute or recognizance acknowledged by him or her, before the said tweqtv ninth day of Sep*

Persons discharged by this act. not

fore io Sept.

Justices, (he-riffs, and

to any action of escape, or salt brought

actions or judgements

1768.] Anno nono Georgi III. c:6. 199

Umber, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, with reiped brought a-to prisonera in actual custody, or with respect to debtors beyond pj.n" t^iem the seas, as aforesaid, upon the said twenty ninth day of Sep-Umber* one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, it mall be 7*lawful for any such prisoner, his or lier heirs, executors, St administrators, to plead generally that such prisoner was actual^a prisoner in such prison at such a person's suit, or was Or teere beyond the seas ip foreign parts on the said twenty ninth d& of September* one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, Jnawas or were duly discharged according to this act, at the general or quarter session, or adjournment thereof, held at such time and place for such county, riding, division, liberty, city, town, or place (as his, her, or their case is) without pleading any matter specially; and in case any other suit or action shall be com- and In other'menced against him, her, or them, for any other debt, sum or frits, may sums of money, due before the said twenty ninth of Sepumber, Pj*ad one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, to plead in#dif- Mrfons°froxa charge of his 6r her person from execution (over and aboveuuch execution, matters as aforesaid), that such debt or sum of money (as the case shall happen) was contracted or due before the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, without pleading any other matter specially; where to th^plaintiffs shall or may reply generally, and deny the* matters Plaintiff may pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any otler matter or thing which reply general-may shew the said defendant not to OThAitled to the benefit of , ir* this act, or not duly discharged according to it, in the same tr ner as the plaintiff might have replied, in case the defendant had pleaded this act, and hte discharge by virtue of this act spe- cially; atm if the plaintiff be nonsuited, discontinue his action, suited^to or verdict pass against him, or judgement on demurrer, the de- pay treble fendant to have treble costs. costs.

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Bankrupts not aforesaid. That no person against, whom a commission of bank- obtaining rupt hath been awarded and issued out, and who hath not al- their certifi-ready obtained his certificate and discharge of his debts, in pursuance of and in such manner as is directed by some or one of e^fro^the" the acts of parliament now in force relating to or concerning benefit of this bankrupts, or shall not obtain such certificate and discharge be- ad. fore such time as he shall be brought before the justices of the >peace at their general or quarter session, or some adjournment thereof, held as aforesaid, in order to be discharged in-pursuance of this act, shall have or receive any benefit or advantage of or under this act, nor be deemed to be within the meaqing thereof.

XXXI. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained Attornies em+ shall extend, or be construed to extend, to release or discharge bezzling, &c. any attorney at law, or solicitor, or any other person or persons clients money acting, or pretending to ad, as such, with regard to any debt with which h6 or they shall stand charged, for any money, or nefi^of tbi#*pther effects, recovered and received by him or them, for the*&. use of any person or ersons, bodies corporate or politick, and

aoo Anno nono Georgii III. c* 2 6. J_ 176a

by any attorney, solicitor, or other person or persons ailing aj such, embezzled, concealed, or converted, to his Or their own Ofe; , or to relcafe or discharge any servant or agent, or any person or persons employed or intruded as such, with regard to anj debt or demand with which he, (he, T>r they, shall Hand charged, for and on account of any money, goods, or other effects, received or possessed by him, her, or them, for the use, and on account of his, her, or their matter or mailers, or employers] and by such servant or agent, embezzled, concealed, or convert]^ed to his, her, or their own use; any thing herein contained to

the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Gaoler to per- XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, nut the speak- That every gaoler or keeper of any prison shall and is hereby re-Sng in private quired to luner, in thd day-time, any person or persons desiring to prifcners, the fatnc> to fee and speak, in the lodge, or some convenient w^infeitediaroom of the said prison, with any prisoner or prisoners, whose the lilt, or names are irtferted in the afore-mentioned lift or lifts, or London Gazette, &c. Gazette, or other news paper, or any of Vthem, or any persons surrendering themselves puffuant to this ail; and also fee, in and the exa- the true and genuine books of the said prison, the entries made mining the cf^name or names of such prisoner or prisoners, together: of entries &c! the name or names of the person or persons at whose suit or

suits he, she, or they arc detained: and if any such gaoler or keeper

shall neglect or renife to comply with what is here above requir- 1 on penalty of, ed» every such gaoler or keeper, who shall so offend in the pre-40U with*misses, shall forfeit and pay to the person so refused and aggriev- colts of ftiu ed, the sum of forty pounds; to be recovered, with costs of suit, by aition of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts at Westminster, wherein ho essoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed, by and in the name or names of the person or persons so refused or aggrieved.

Prisoner's fa- XXXIII.* Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwith-'wd effect* landing the person of any prisoner or prisoners, fugitive or fu-iLtwfchttiind- gitives, shall be discharged under this act, the future estates and ing his perfo- effects of every such prisoner and fugitive shall remain and be find discharge, able to his, her, and their respective creditors as- before the liable to ere- mairing of this act, (his, her, or their necessary wearing apparel. Wearing a ani* bc<k^n£» for his, her, or their families, and working tools parel, b?d-P* an<^ implements necessary for his, her, or their trade or occupa-ding, 'and tien, not exceeding the value of ten pounds in the whole, only working excepted) and any creditor or creditors of any such prisoner or 1 ot e«eedin Prtf°ners* fugitive or fugitives, may, at any time hereafter, sue lol^value, 1 S out execution, extents, or other process, on any judgement at excepted.'the time of such discharge recovered, or Statute staple, or recognizance acknowledged by, or sentence or decree obtained against, any such prisoner or fugitive, but not against his, her, or their person, or his, her, or their respective wearing apparel, bedding, working tools, and implements, as aforesaid.

Creditor may XXxIV. And be it also enacted, That any creditor or credible for the 7 tors of any prisoner or prisoners, fugitive or fugitives, who shall

1 be

Anno nono Georgii in c. 26. 2O1

be discharged tinder this act, may, at any time after any such recovery of discharge, commence and prpfecute any action or suit against any debt doe such prisoner or fugitive, his, her, or their respective heirs, ex- \hl prisoncrt ecutors, pr administrators, for the recovery of any sum or sums discharge, of money which shall be due from any such prisoner or prisoners, fugitive or fugitives, at the time of his or her said discharge, but shall not hold the person of any such prisoner or fugitive to spe-

cial bail; nor shall take the person, necessary wearing apparel, the prisoner t* bedding, tools, or implements, as aforesaid, of any such prifo- special bail* ner or fugitive in execution, or any judgement, sentence, or de- nor take his cree, which shall hereafter be recovered or obtained against any person, wea-such prisoner or fugitive: and in any action or suit, which shall be hereafter commenced against any such prisoner er fugitive, tools, in his or her heirs, executors, or administrators, no benefit or ad- judgement j vantage shall be had or taken, for that the cause of action did ana no advm-not accrue within three years next before the commencing of any 2Sen of the ' such action or suit; nor shall any Statute of limitation be plead- cause of action - able, or be allowed to be pleacted, in bar of or in any such action not accruing or suit, which shall be hereafter commenced by any such creditor within 3 year^ or creditors against any such prisoner or prisoners, unless such cause Statute o^li-of action or suit did not accrue within three years next before any Station, such prisoner or fugitive shall be discharged under this act 5 ana Exception, in any such case, the same may be pleaded by any such prisoner, his or her heirs, executors, or administrators.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it likewise enacted, That Discharge of by the discharge of any prisoner or fugitive by force of this act, ^uittal^o no other person or persons who was or were partner or partners the copartner in trade with any such prisoner or fugitive, at the time of his or or sureties. her discharge under this act, or then stood bound, 'engaged with,

- or liable to, the payment of any debt with any such prisoner or fugitive, or engaged in any contract whatsoever together with any such prisoner or fugitive, shall be discharged from any such debt or demand; but every such other person and persons shall.severally stand and be chargeable with, and liable to pay, such debt and debts, and to perform such contracts, in like manner us if any such prisoner or fugitive had never been discharged from the same.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any gaoler or Pa°fcr keeper, or reputed gaoler or keeper, of any prison or prisons,

shall make, or cause to be made, any false entries in any book prison book or or books belonging to any prison or gaol under his care, or of lifts, forfeits which he is or was gaoler, or shall prepare or keep, or cause to 5oL with be prepared or kept, any false book or books, in order for any c costa> false or untrue entry or entries to be made therein; or shall insert in any list to be delivered in as aforesaid, the name or names of any person or persons who was not a prisoner or prisoners in actual custody in any such gaol or prison upon the said twenty nmrh day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, or shall not have ever since remained in such actual custody; except as in the oath of any such gaoler or keeper, or de-'{rated gaoler or keeper, shall be excepted 1 every such gaoler

OK

202 Anno tiono <jEOR6ii III. z6. {176#.

ewer and a* orke eper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall, over and above bov* °*her the penalties which he shall be liable to for every such fraud, ^ifraud?r ^or^t an^ Pay (he sum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered, with treble costs of suit, by and in the name, and for the use, of any person or per (ons who shall be prejudiced by any entry, or such false entries; which penalties shall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any'v of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no efioin,

1 protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall

be allowed.

ftifoner re- XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any prisoner, iafing to de- being the reunto required by any creditor, shall refuse to discover dare the a- and declaim the trade or occupation and habitation or lad place bode, &c..of of abode, of the person or persons at. whose suit he or she is de-who^ salt he ta*nc<l or charged in custody y or being called for' and desired, is detained, or by any creditor or creditors, to come to the lodge of the prison tocome to the in which any such prisoner shall be confined, without some rea-creditor in sonable cause being made appear to the contrary; every such i^exchided Pr^oner> upon proof bring made thereof before the justices at the benefit of any general or quarter session of the peace, or any adjournment this act. thereof, to be held as aforesaid, shall not have or receive any benefit or discharge by or underthis aft; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And whereas there is but one common or county gaol for each of the respective counties of York and Lincoln^ which said counties are each of them divided into several ridings or divisions, all which have several commissions of the peace; and if the gaolers of those gaols be obliged to carry the debtors, prisoners therein, to the quarter session of each aiding or division, the same will be a very great charge, not only to such*gaolers, but also to the prisoners in those large counties; be it Com'York therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and irndLincoln may be lawful for two or more justices of the peace for each of to meet at the the ridings and divisions in the respective Counties, at the corn-county gaols, mon or county goal thereof respectively, or at some convenient chir°eo{^n P^ace near thereto, and they are hereby required toaffemble and loners.*" meet, and to hold session there, by adjournment' from their respective quarter session, from time to time, for the discharge of the respective prisoners therein, according ta the powers, limi- tations, and directions of this act*.

Those who

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-are prisoners said, That all debtors, and others, who were in prison on or for their fees, before the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand fe-°VdsConhe ven hundred and sixty eight, or since., in any of the gaols of this gaoJerbr of* kingdom, and now remain there for not paying their fees, rents, ficer, to be or any other demands, due, or claimed as due, to the keeper or

discharged. gaoler of any prison respectively, or to any other officer of any such prison, and upon no other account, shall be discharged therefrom, he, she, or they, taking the oath by this act required to be taken by prisoners.

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 26'. 205

XL. Provided always, That this act shall not extend to dif- Debtors to the charge any person out of prison, seeking his or her discharge ^jfoners^ho tinder this act, with respect to any debt with which he or she Swe°abovr ° shall stand charged at the suit of the crown, or shall be indebt- JOooL to one cd to any body politick or corporate, or to any one person, in person, junlef* any sum exceeding the sum of one thousand pounds, besides t|ie !?redltors interest and costs, unless such body politick or corporate, or e^eluded^e creditor, shall consent thereto 5 and if any such body politick benefit of this or corporate, creditor or creditors, to whom a sum exceeding aft. one thousand pounds shall be owing, shall oppose the discharge creditor of* of such prisoner, and shall insist that such prisoner be continir- posing prison. Cd in gaol, that then, and in such case, such body politick or discharge, corporate, dr creditor pr creditors, opposing the said prisoner's to h, m discharge as aforesaid, shall, at his, her, or their proper costs*per and charges, allow and pay in the whole such a weekly maintenance to the said ptjfoner, not exceeding three shillings and six pence per week, in such manner as the said justices in their general or quarter session, or some adjournment thereof, shall order; and upon nonpayment of the same for the space of fix On nonpay-weeks, the said prisoner, upon application to the said justices in ment, prisoner their general or quarter session held as aforesaid, shall be dif-^charged pursuant to the intent and meaning of this act.*c arge

XLI. Provided alfof That every person and persons intitled, Discharges to or to be intitled, to the benefit of this act, shall obtain their be obtained respective discharges on or before the first day of August, one by 1 August, thousand seven hundred and seventy one, or shall be excluded , 77I# from all benefit of this act.

XLII. And whereas it may happen that several persons who may claim and be intitled to the benefit of this act, are seised of an estate tail, in some freehold or copyhold landsy tenements, or hereditamentsj which entail, with the remainders thereupon expectanty they have by law power to defeat and bar, either by levying a fine or fines, suffering a common recovery or common recoveries, or by surrender or fur-renders thereof whereby such person or persons said freehold or copy-hold lands, tenements, or hereditaments, would be liable to the pay- ment of their debts, and be delivered upy according to the terms of this act, for the benefit of their creditors; be it therefore efcafted by the authority aforesaid, That, in every such case, such person or persons so seised as aforesaid, and who shall be intitled to, and Persons seised claim the benefit of this act, shall, to all intents and purposes of an estate whatsoever in law, be deemed and taken, and is and are here- tail, claiming by declared, to be seised of such lands, tenements, and heredi-laments, in fee j provided the same shall be delivered up to the \Q deliver up creditor or creditors of every such prisoner, in the same manner the same k> as if such persons or person had actually levied a fine, suffered a the creditors, common recovery or recoveries, or made a surrender or surrenders thereof, and thereby had become seised in fee; any law, or construction of law, to the contrary thereof in arty wife notwithstanding.

XLIII. And whereas many prisoners who may be intitled toy and claim the benefit of this act* have been great dealers, or otherwise engaged

204 Anno nono Georgii III. c. 26. [1768.

in large transaflions, whereby they may be intitled to sundry and great debts and demands. of various and intricate natures, and they may be intitled to equities of redemption of efiateSysubjelf and liable to mortgages, judgements, or other incumbrances, or to reversions9 remainders, or other contingent estates in lands9 tenements, hereditament other trusts or inter efts in estates, both real and perfo-

naU which may not be sufficiently described or discovered in the schedule or inventory before dire lied to be delivered in9 upon oath9 by the prisoner to be discharged as aforesaid, or which may want his aid or af-fijlance to adjujfty make out9 recovery or managey for the benefit of the creditors \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That w ices may it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective assignees of apply for far- the estate and effects of such prisoner or prisoners who shall ob-tien SfK ta*n or ^eir discharge, in pursuance of this act, or

e^"ouchTng11* any other person or persons duly authorized by them for that the discovery purpose, from time to time, to apply to any two or more of the of his effects, justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, town,

&c# place, or liberty, where such prisoner or prisoners shall be then

residing, thereby desiring, that such prisoner or prisoners may be further examined as to any matters or things relating to his, her, or their estate or effects; whereupon such justices shall and justices', fend for, or call before them, such prisoner or prisoners by such may fend for warrant, summons, ways or means, as they shall think fit; and examine and, upon such prisoner's appearing, shall examine him, her, accordindy. or ^em, as well upon oath as otherwise, as to such matters 6 y#. and things as such assignee shall desire, relating to the estate and Prisoner re- effects of such prisoner or prisoners; and if any prisoner or pri-fusing to ap- fohers (on payment or tender of payment or such reasonable answer upon barges as justices shall judge sufficient) shall neglect or

oath, may be refuse to come and appear, not having a lawful excuse, to be committed, made known to such justices, and Jby them allowed, or, being come before them, shall refuse to be sworn or to answer to all v such questions as by such justices shall be put to him, her, or them, relating to the discovery of his, her, or their estate or effects so vested, or intended to be vested, in such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer, acting as clerk of the peace, or in such assignees, as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be.lawful to and for such justices, by warrant under their hands and seals, to apprehend such prisoner or prisoners so offending as aforesaid, and him, her, or them, to commit to the county gaol,

% there to remain without bail or mainprize, «until such time as

he, she, or they, shall submit him, her, or themselves, to such justices, and answer upon oath to all such lawful questions as shall by such justices be put to him, her, or them, for the purposes aforesaid.

361. percent., XLIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, allowed on That all and every such person and persons who shall, within dlfc.^erinS twelve months after the discharge of such prisoner or prisoners, months1 any voluntarily come in and make a distovery of any part of such part of the*debtor or debtors real or personal estate as shall not be compriz-prisoner's e- ed in such, schedule as aforesaid, before any justices aforesaid,:

6 shall

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 26J 205

shall be allowed after the rate of twenty pounds per centum, out date not rc-of the net produce of such debtor or debtors estate, which shall rUunidim the be recovered on such discovery, and which shall be paid to such Ic c u c* person or persons so discovering the same, by the assignee or assignees of such prisoner's estate and effects.

XLV. Provided always, and be it enacted, T^hat natwitH- Discharge ob-standing the discharge or any prisoner or prisoners by virtue of tained fraudu-this act, if if shall hereafter appear the same was obtained frau- lcntly, void, dulently, or that any'part of the oath taken by any such prisoner was not true; then, and in every such case, every such discharge shall be void and of none effect.

XLVI. And for the better discovery of the estate and effects ofptrfons con-any prisoner who shall be discharged by virtue of this be it en- cealing any acted by the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons I

who shall have accepted of any trust or trusts, and shall wilful- p^ner forty conceal or protect any estate, real or personal, of any such fejt , 001. and prisoner from his creditors, and shall not, within thirty days double value, after any assignee or assignees shall, in pursuance of this act, be t^ble chose of any such prisoner's estate, discover and difdofe to fuchcoft#offtut* assignee or assignees such trust and estate in writing, and deliver up or make over the same to such assignee or assignees, he, she, or they, so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and also double the value of the estate, either real or personal, so concealed, to and for the use of the creditors of any such prisoner; to be recovered by action of debt, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, /

in the name or names of the assignee or assignees of such prisoner's estate, together with treble costs of suit.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Assignees/ That it shall be lawful at all times hereafter, for any assignee or with consent# assignees of the estate or effects of any prisoner or prisoners, of the major?-who shall be chose in pursuance of this act, by and with the Xg^itors consent of the major part in value of such prisoner or prisoners ^aycom-"* creditors, who shall be present at a meeting to be had on twen- pound for ty one days publick notice being previously given for the purpose debts doe t hereafter mentioned in the London Gazette, if the prisoner was t^tpr!foner i in custody in London or within the weekly bills of mortality, and e*if not, then also in some news paper which shall be published in the county, city, or place, in or near which any such person shall have been in gaol, to make composition with any person or persons, debtors or accountants to such prisoner or prisoners, vfhere the same shall appear necessary or reasonable; and to take such reasonable part of any such debt as can, upon such composition, be gotten, in full discharge of such debts and accounts; and also to submit any difference or dispute between such assignee or and may fob* assignees, and any person or persons, for or on account, or by mit any dif-reason or means of any matter, cause, or thing, relating to such prisoner or prisoners estate or effects, or to any debt or debts fotration* due, or claimed to be due, to or from such prisoner or prisoners,

to the final end and determination of arbitrators to be chosen by (he said assignee gr assignees, and the major part in value of

lo 6

Anno nono Georgi III: c.26.

agree the same as they shall think fit.

behaviour j

[1768.

such creditors, and the party or parties with whom they shall have no difference, and to perform the award of such arbi-or otherwise trators, or of any umpire to be chosen by them; or otherwise an<^ agree Ae matters in difference and dispute between 9crr#^*m thenij jn such manner as the said assignee or assignees, with such consent as aforesaid, shall think fit, and can agree, and the same shall be binding to all the creditors of such prisoner or prisoners; and every such assignee or assignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they shall fairly do in the premisses in pursuance of this act.

XLVIII. And, to the intent and purpose that the estate and effefts of such prisoner or prisoners as shall be discharged by virtue of this act, may be duly and faithfully applied for the be- nefit of his, her, or their real creditors, be it enacted by the

Assignees may authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for be petitioned the respective courts at Westminster, and the courts of great fef-for onn andn the principality of Chester, and the counties

frauftd^ Lancaster and Durham, respectively, from whence

management, any process issued upon which any such prisoner or prisoners was or other mif- or were committed, or where the process issued out of any other court, to and for the judges of the court of Kings Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, or of Great Stssions aforesaid, within their respective jurisdictrons, or any one of them, from time to time; upon the petition of any such prisoner, or the creditor or creditors of such prisoner or prisoners, complaining of any insufficiency, fraud, mismanagement, or other misbehaviour of any assignee or assignees of the estate or effefts of any such prisoner or prisoners, to summon all parties concerned, and, upon hearing the parties concerned therein to make and give such orders and directions therein, either for the removal or displacing such assignee or assignees, and the appointing any new assignee or assignees in the place or dead of such assignee or af-herein as they signees so to be removed or displaced, or for the prudent, just; shall think fit. or equitable management or distribution of the estate and effefts of any such prisoner for the benefit of the respective creditors, as the said courts or judges respectively shall think fit; and in case of the removal or aifplacing of any assignee or assignees, and the appointing of any new assignee or assignees, the estate or effefts of such prisoner or prisoners shall, from thenceforth, be diverted out of the assignee or assignees so removed or displaced, and be verted in, and delivered over to, such new assignee or assignees, in the same manner, and for the same intents and purposes, as the same were before vested in the assignee or assignees first chose as aforesaid; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Where mutual XLIX. Provided always, and be it it enacted by the autho-credit has been rlty aforesaid. That in all cases where mutual credit hath been given, the ba- given between any prisoner or prisoners who shall be discharged ft "tS and Cal. in Pursuance of this act, and any other person or persons, or lowed.*body politick or corporate, before the delivery of such schedule or inventory of the estate and effefts of such prisoner or prisoners,

the court thereupon is to summon the parties and make such orders

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c.6.oy

ners, upon oath, as aforesaid, the respective assignee and assignees of such prisoner or prisoners is and are hereby authorized and required, on his and their parts, to ftatq and allow an'account between them and the other party or parties concerned; and nothing more shall be deemed to be veiled in such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer, acting as clerk of the peace, or such assignee or assignees under such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer, acting as clerk of the peace, as the estate oreffedts of such prisoner or prisoners, than what shall appear to be justly due to him, her, or them reflectively, as and for the balance of such account when truly stated.

L. And whereas many persons are often committed on attachment s % Prisoner*, for for not paying money awarded to be paid under submissions to arbritra- not paying tien by rules of court9 or under submissions to arbitration bonds, and ^ded under which submissions have been made rules of the court Jin pursuance of an submissions to act passed in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of William the arbitration

\Third, for determining differences by arbitration; and likewise for not paying of cojls duly and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper for not paying officery after proper demands made for that purpose; and also upon colts j any writ 3/* Excommunicato capiendo, or other, process for, ^and upon writ grounded on9 the non-payment of cojls or expences in any cause or pro- of JZxcommunU ceeding in any ecclesiastical court; it is hereby declared and enadt- cat$ capiendo, ed. That all such persons are and shall be intitled to the benefit &c. of this act, and subject to the same terms and conditions as Sc henk of arp herein expressed and declared with respect to prisoners for this act* debt only.

LI. And whereas great numbers of poor people have been, Those who are and are now, imprisoned for debt upon processes issuing out of prisoners up-courts of conference; it is hereby enacted and declared, That on process out all such prisoners shall be intitled to have the benefit of this act, conferee*to and be discharged under the same, provided he, she, or they, i£vAhete-conform to the directions herein before prescribed, touching nefit of this other prisoners who shall be discharged by virtue of this act. aft.

LII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Quaker's af-That in all cases wherein by this act an oath is required, the motion to solemn affirmation of any person being a Quaker, shall and may j* taken in be accepted and taken in lieu thereof 5 and every person mak-k*"h0*an ing such affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful and false 0 affirming, shall incur and fulfer such and the same penalties as are infiidted and imposed by this act upon persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury.

[Persons who

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person who took the benefit of an act to°* passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty King a^of sGee.t, George the Third, intitled. An act for the relief of tnfohent debtors, excluded, shall have or receive any benefit or advantage of or under this. act, nor be deemed to be within the intent and meaning thereof, so as to be discharged under the same; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

208 Anno nono Georgii III. c.27f. [178$.

[This act not to extend to Scotland.]

LIV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

CAP. XXVII.

An act to continue certain laws therein mentioned, for granting9 for a limited time, a liberty to carry rice from his Majesty's provinces of South and North Carolina and Georgia, directly to any part of America to the south-ward of the said provinces, Subject to the like duty as is now paid on the exportation of rice from the said colonies to places in Europe Jituate to the southward of Cape Finisterre.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the laws herein after mentioned, which have been found useful and beneficial, and which are near expiring, should be continued; may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritua) and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That Act Geo. 3. an act made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Maje-rkeC fromtin^intituled, An act for granting, for a limited time, a liberty to South Carolina carry rid from his Majesty's provinces of South Carolina and and Georgia, Georgia, directly to any part of America to the southward of the said provinces, subject to the like duty as is now paid on the exportation of rice from the said colonies to places in Europe situate to the and claure in southward of Cape Finisterre; and also a clause in an act made aft 5 Geo. 3. in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act allowing like for more effectually securing and encouraging the trade of his Maje-N. Carolina fy'5 American dominions; for repealing the inland duty on coffee,imposed by an act made in the thirty second year of his late majesty King George the Second; and for granting an inland duty on all coffee imported (except coffee of the growth of the British dominions in America); for altering the bounties and drawbacks upon sugars exported; for repealing part of an act made in the twenty third year of his said late Majesty, whereby bar iron made in the said dominions was prohi-ted to he exported from Great Britain, or carried coastwise; and for regulating the fees of officers of the customs in the said dominions; which gave liberty to carry rice from North Carolina, in the same manner, and under the like entries, securities, restrictions, regulations, limitations, duties, penalties* and forfeitures, as were enacted by the said act made in the fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, with respect to carrying rice to the southward of Sfath Carolina and Georgia-, which have continuance for five years from the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty tour, and from thence to the end of the then arc continued next session of parliament; shall be, and the same are hereby termhofUrther cont*nuec* from expiration thereof for the term of five years, f*y*ar§. and ^rgm ^ence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 28 209

CAP. XXVIII.

An act to permit the inhabitants of Jersey and Guernsey to export directly from thmce to Newfoundland, or the British Colonies in America, goods necessary for the jijhery, under certain restrictions; and to import from thence non-enumerated goods (except rum) and to land the same in the said islands.

WHEREAS by an act made in the fifteenth year of the reign ^Preamble, re- his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An act citing clauses for the encouragement of trade, it is amongst other things, enacted, act

That no commodity of the growth, production, or manufacture ^/Car*2* Europe, shall be imported into any land, island, plantation, colony, territory, or A/r Majesty belonging, or which shall hereafter

belong unto, ar in the possession of, his Majesty, his heirs, andfuc-cessors, in Asia, Africa, dr America, [except as therein is excepted) but what shall be bona fide, without fraud, laden and shipped in

England or Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, under the penalties in the said act mentioned; and whereas by an act made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, any officer of and Geo. p his Majesty's customs is impowered to flop any British ship or vessel arriving f rom any part of Europe, which shall be discovered within two

leagues of the Shore of any of the British colonies or plantations in America, and to seize and take from thence, as forfeited, any goods [except such as in the said act are mentioned) for which the mafier or other person taking charge of such ship or vessel shall not produce a cocket or clearance from the collector or proper officer of his Majesty's customs, certifying that the said goods were laden on board the said -ship or vessel in some part of Great Britain: and whereas the fishing trade carried on by the inhabitants of Jersey and Guernsey at Newfoundland, and other of the British colonies and plantations in North America, is highly beneficial to this kingdom, in the employing great numbers of seamen and ships, and in the use and consumption of great quantities of British manufactures; and it is therefore expedient for the encouragement of that trade, to permit the said inhabitants of Jersey <2/7^ Guernsey to export directly from thence such articles as are necessary for their carrying on the said jijhery; may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons inhabitants of inhabiting in the said islands of Jersey or Guernsey to ship and Jersey or lade in the said islands, and to transport directly from thence to Guernsey al-Newfoundland, or to any other of the British colonies or planta- ^t t^Ne*" tiens in America, where the fishery is now or shall hereafter be f°und?andWor carried on, on board any ship or vessel which may lawfully trade other British there, any sort of craft, food, victuals, cloathing, or other goods, American co-fit and necessary for the fishery in those parts, or for the use and &oodi*P4 supportoftheSrowth

2io Anno nono Georgii III. c. 28. [1768.

or manufac- support of the mariners or other persons employed on board the ture of Great vesse]s, or on shore, in carrying on the said fishery there j such fary^or the craft> cloathing, or other goods, being the growth, produce, or fthery) manufacture of Great Britain, or of the said islands of Jersey or Guernsey, and such food or victuals being of the growth or produce either of Great Britain, Ireland, or the said islands of Jersey or Guernsey; any thing in the said acts, or any law or Statute, to the contrary notwithstanding. upon produc- Provided always, and it is hereby further declared and en-ing a certifi- acted by the authority aforesaid, That the mailer or other per-.cate to the son taking charge of such ship or vessel shall produce, to the proofficer of the per officer of the customs in the colony or plantation where he

that°the erC arr*ve> a certificate, under the hand and seal of the gover-goods, &c. < nor, lieutenant or deputy governor, or commander in chief for are of such the time being, that oath had been made by the (hipper of such

growth or goods before the magistrates of the royal courts in Jersey or

manurac urej Quernjj, y respectively, or any three of them that the goods and victuals so shipped on board such ship or vessel are of such growth, product, or manufacture, as aforesaid5 which certificate shall also be attested by the principal officer of the customs1 in the said island respectively, who shall certify, that, the said oath was taken in his presence; and on failure of

famVare lia Pro<^uc^n6 such certificate as herein before directed, such craft, ble to for-food, victuals, cloathing, or other goods, found on* board any feiture. ship or vessel, and the vessel importing the same, shall be liable to be seized and forfeited, in the same mannpr as they would have been subject and liable if this act had not been made; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding. Clause in act III. And whereas by an act made in the sixth year of the reign of 6 Geo. 3. his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repealing certain duties in the British colonies and plantations granted by several acts of parliament; and also the duties imposed by an act made j in the last session of parliament upon certain East India goods exported from Great Britain, and for granting other duties instead thereof; and for encouraging, regulating, and securing, several branches of the trade of this kingdom, and the British dominions in America; it isr amongst other things, enacted, that bond and securityj in the penalties in the said recited act mentioned, shall be given to the collector or other principal officer of the customs at any port or place in any of the British American colonies or plantations, with one surety besides the master of every ship or vessel that shalllade or tale on board there any non-enumerated goods, with condition that such goods shall not be landed at any part of Europe to the northward of Cape Finisterre, except in G reat Britain; which exception was, and 7 Geo. 3. by an act made in the seventh year of his Majesty*$ reign, extended, to Ireland: and whereas it is reasontible to extend the like exception to the islands of Jersey and Guernsey: be it therefore enacted by the Non-enume- authority aforesaid, That any non*enumerated goods, except rated goods, rum> laden as aforesaid in any British American colony or plan- fa<Se*fonboa^d tation, may be landed in the said islands of Jersey or Guernsey; in any Britidf and that the said act made in the sixth year of his present Ma-^cricanco- iefiy's reign, ?nd all the regulations therein contained, so far as

Anno tiono Georgii III. c. 29. 211

the same relates to the bond and security for landing suchjion- lony, allowed enumerated goods in Great Britain, shall extend, and be con-!° be landed ft rued to extend, to the said islands of Jersey and Guernsey also, Guernrey, °un-as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes 3s if the said der the regu- islands had been excepted and named in jthe said aft$ and that lations in the any bond which may have been or shall be entered into in pur-e*ited ad of fuance of the said recited acts, or either of them, shall and may 6 Geo#.he cancelled and discharged by the certificate under the hands and seals of the magistrates of the royal courts of Jersey or Guernsey respectively, or any three of them, and the principal officer of the customs in such island respectively, testifying the landing such goods there, jin the same manner as if the said^goods had been 'landed in Great Britain or Ireland; any thing in the said acts to the contrary, notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIX. act for the more effectual punishment of such persons as shall demolish or pull down, burny or otherwise destroy or fpoilj any mill or mills; and for preventing the defraying or damaging of engines for draining collieries and mines; or bridges, waggon ways, or other things used in conveying coals, lead, tin, or other minerals, from mines 5 or fences for inclosing lands in pursuance of acts of parBar went.

WHEREAS by an a8 passed in the first year of the reign ^/preamble, r*l his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for Citing clauses preventing tumults and riotous assemblies, and for the more in act of 1 speedy and effectual punishing the rioters, it is, among other Geo*things, entitled. That if any persons unlawfully, riotously, and tu- multumjly assembled together, to the disturbance of the publick peace,

shall unlawfully and with force demolish or pulldown, or begin to de-, molish or pull down, any church or chapel, or any building for reli- grous worship, certified and registered according to the Statute made in the first year of the reign of the late King William and §>ueen Mary* and aft 1 WiL intituled, An act for exempting their Majesties protestant sub- and Mary. \ jedts difienting from the church of England from the penalties of Certain laws, or any dwelling-house, barn, stable, or other out» house\ that then, every such demolishing or pulling down, or beginning to demolish or pull down, shall be adjudged felony without benefit of clergy; and the offenders therein shall be adjudged felons, and shall suffer death as in eyes of felony without benefit of clergy: and where-as same doubts have arisen whether the said act extends to the puU ling down and demolishing of mills: therefore, for remedying the mischiefs which may ensue therefrom, and for the more effectual punishment of.such offenders, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affbmbled, and by the authority of the same, That if The riotously any person or persons unlawfully, riotously, and tumultuously afleinbling.flembled together, to the disturbance of the public peace, shall* ^egin-

s i2 Anno nono Georgii III. c. 29? [176?;

sing todemo- at any time after the first day of July, one thousand seven hun-liAi» 8cc. any dred and sixty nine, unlawfully and with force demolish or pull mm or mm*, down, or begin to demolUh or pull down, any wind saw mill, or other wind mill, or any water mill, or other mill which shall or any of the have been or shall be erected, or any of the works thereto re-works thereof, spectively belonging; that then every such demolishing or pul-ny^n the per-n6 down, or beginning to demoliih or pull down, shall be fons guilty adjudged felony without benefit of clergy, and the offenders thereof, with- therein shall be adjudged felons, and shall mffer death as in case out benefit of of felony without benefit of clergy*

clergy} H. And whereas no effectual provtfion hath heretofore been made

for preventing the burning of mills, be it therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall from and after the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, wilfully or maliciously burn, or let fire to, any wind as is also the ^aw or other wind mill, or any water mill, or other mill; wilfully burn- such person so offending, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall ing, or setting be adjudged guilty of felony without benefit of clergy, and shall fiw to any suffer death as in case of felony without benefit of clergy. nuU# III. And for more effectually preventing the defraying of engines

for draining colheries, coal mines, and other mines, and bridges and waggon ways used in conveying coals, lead, and other minerals from thence 5 and also fences made or to be made for inclosing lands by virtue of acts of parliament; be it further enacted by the authority The wilfully aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time after destroying or the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty «efne3orgen" nine» wilfully or maliciously set fire to, burn, demolhh, pull draining col- down, or otherwise destroy or damage, any fire engine or other heries, or engine erected, or to be erected, for draining water from col-other mines j heries or coal mines; or for drawing coals out of the same; or bi/coal8aW" for draining water from any mine of lead, tin, copper, or other thereout; mineral $ or any bridge, waggon way, or trunk erected, or to or any bridge, be erected, for conveying coals from any colliery or coal mine, waggon or ftaith for depositing the same; or any bridge or waggon way ^ttaitl^used cre*d» or to he erected, for conveying lead, tin, copper, or for any pur- other mineral, from any such mine; or any fence or fences poses of the that are or shall be erected, set up, provided, or made, for di-said mines, viding or inclosing any common waste or other lands or grounds, orfences fetn Pur^uai^ce any act or acts of parliament; every such per-up for indof- f°n» being lawfully convicted of any or either of the said feve-ing lands by ral offences, or of causing or procuring the same to be done, virtue of aas shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall be subject to the of parliament, pa; ns and penalties as in cases of felony; and the court by is transpor- or before whom such person shall be tried, shall have power ana tation for V authority to transport such felon for the term of seven years, in years. like manner as other felons are directed to be transported by the

laws and ftatuces of this realm.

Limitation of IV. Provided always, That no person "or persons shall be Ijrofecuttons prosecuted by virtue of this act for any offence or offences com-fm* the said fitted contrary to the same, unless. such prosecution be com-0 ences. fenced within eighteen n/onths after the offence committed,

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c.gd.' 213

CAP. XXX.

An act for repealing so much of an act pajfei in the tenth year of her late majesty Queen Anne as relates to the harbour moorings of the royal navy \ and for the more effectual preservation of such harbour moorings; and pumshment of persons guilty offiealing or embezzling his Majestfs naval fiorts 5 or of forgery or perjury in relation to feameris wages.

WHEREAS the provisions made by an act of parliament of the tenth year of her late majesty Queen Anne, for the preserving her Majesty's harbour moorings, have been found insufficient for preserving the harbour moorings belonging to his Majesty, and for securing the ships and vessels of the royal navy from being liable to be damaged by merchant ships or vessels: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of the said act, as relates to the Repeal of so preserving her said late Majesty's harbour moorings, shall be, and much of the is hereby declared to be, from and after the twenty fourth ^ay a«

of JuneY one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, repealed, relates to'pre*

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That serving her from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand Majesty's liar-seven hundred and sixty nine if any merchant ship, or other ship moor" or vessel, other than and except his Majesty's ships of war, or ships v^els not in or vessels belonging to his Majesty's royal navy, or employed in the govern-his Majesty's service, shall stop or fatten to any of his Majesty's ment service moorings, or fix themselves to any of his Majesty's ships or hulks,

or ride or moor with their own anchors, so as in any manner, or anyoftL0* with any wind, to be liable to bear against any of his Majesty's royal moor-(hipsofwdr, or other vessels; the captain, master, commander, ings or hulks, or person, then on board, ind having the care or command of such merchant ship or vessel, shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten j0 £ear

pounds for each and every tide such merchant ship or vessel against any of shall stay and remain at the said moorings, or ride or moor the King's with its own anchor, so as in any manner, or with any wind, &c* to bear against any of his Majesty's said (hipsor hulks; unless^htfde; " it shall appear that such merchant ship or vessel was necessitated unless necef-so to do by want of tide, stress of weather, or other unavoid* fitated so to able accident; one moiety of which forfeiture shall be applied do* to the use of the royal hospital at Greenwich, and the other Application moiety thereof to the use of him or them who shall sue for the tortel* same; to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, with full costs of suit, wherein no efioin, privilege, protection, wager of law, injunction, or more than bne imparlance, shall

be allowed. IVlerchant

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ships may be the person on board commanding any such merchant ship or unloosed and vessel shall, and he is hereby required, upon an order given to removed from

any such moorings, upon not complying with any order for the purpose i

and the officers of the King's ships, otdocks, are indemnified therein.

Anno nono Georgii III. c. 3a* f 1 y6S.

him in writing by any one or more officer or officers belonging to any of his Majesty's ships of war, docks, or yards, to unlooie from the said moorings, and remove such merchant ship or vef-Tel, in case it shall be then moored, with its own anchors, so as effectually to prevent the same from riding, or being in any manner, or with any wind, liable to bear against any of his Majesty's said ships or hulks; and upon neglect or refusal of such officer to comply with any such order or orders for the space of twenty four hours next after such order or orders shall be 16 given, it shall and may be lawful to and for every such "officer or officers of any of his Majesty's ships of war, docks, or yards, to unlooie, or cause such merchant ship or vessel to be unloosed, as aforesaid, hnd to remove, or cause the same to be removed, so as effectually to prevent the same from riding, or being in any manner, or with any wind, liable to bear against his Majesty's said ships or hulks.

IV. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That every such officer and officers of his Majesty's ships of war, docks, or yards aforesaid, shall be, and he and they is and are hereby indemnified for what he or they shall so do, or cause to be done, in pursuance of this act.

V. And, for the more speedy and effectual bringing to justice persons who shall falsely ajjume the names or characters of officers or seamen, or other persons.5 or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause to be forged or counterfeited, any letter of attorney, bill, ticket, certificate* alignment, last will, or other authority to receive any wages, pay* or other allowance, due to any officer, seaman, or other officer, in* or who has been or shall be in, his Majesty's service\ or shall utter or publish the same as true; or who shall be guilty of fiealing or im -bezzling his Majesty's naval fiores; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, it

officers of the fllan arKi may be lawful to and for the treasurer, comptroller, TOweredtoadl furVcyor> clerk of acts> or any commissioner of the navy for as justices in the time being, and they are hereby respectively authorized and impowered, from time to time, in all places whatsoever, to do, perform, exercise, and execute, the office and duty of a justice or justices of the peace, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, in causing any person or persons who shall, at any time or times, from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, be charged with forging or counterfeiting, or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, any letter of attorney, bill, ticket, certificate, assignment, last will, or other power or, authority; or with uttering or publishing the same as true, in order to receive any wages, pay, or other allowance, due to any officer, seaman, or other person, who is or has been, or shall hereafter be, in the service of his Majesty, his heirs, or successors; or with taking, or procuring false oaths to be taken, for any of the purposes aforesaid; or to obtain a probat of any wili, or letters of administration, in order to receive such wages, pay, or Qthqr allowance; or with dealing or

Treasurer, and other

any of the cases here mentioned

Ariho norio Georgii III. (*31. 3V5

imbezzling of any naval stores, the property of his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, to be apprehended, committed, ana prosecuted, for the same; and all constables, headboroughs, and all con-keepers of gaols and prisons, and all other officers whatsoever^k* arc shall, and they are hereby respectively required, from time to'indtxccutc* time, diligently to execute, perform, and obey, all such war- their war. rant and warrants as shall be made, directed, issued, or given rants accord-to them, or any of them, by any one or more of the persons aforesaid, touching any or the matters and things herein before, contained.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Penalty of ut-if any person shall, after the said twenty fourth day of June, one ^ringany thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, utter or publish, as oTauorne^ true, any false, forged, or counterfeited letter of attorney, bill, bill, ticket/ ticket, certificate, assignment, last will, or any other power or au- certificate, thority whatsoever, in order to receive any wages, pay, or other allowances of money, or prize money, due or supposed to officer

due to any officer or seaman, or other person, who has really or sailor, to.served or was supposed to have served, or who shall hereafter obtain any.serve or be supposed to have served, on board of any ship or vessel wages, prize of his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, with intent to defraud any person, knowing the same to be false, forged, or counter-.

feited; then every such person, being thereof lawfully convicted, :8.^0^ shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a fe- ^eLof clergy. Ion without benefit of clergy.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for the establishing and well governing an hospital for the reception, maintenance, and employment, of penitent prostitutes; and for extinguishing the right of common of and in certain lands in Saint George's Fields, in the county of Surrey.

[Preamble.]

Corporation instituted for the purposes of this act. Their stile,

&c. and power. Particular officers disqualified from acting as governors, the present officers excepted. The first president and vice presidents, trear- surer, and committee. Vice presidents, treasurer, and committee, to be elected annually, who may compose a general court: their first meeting to be on8 July 1769; a general court to be held quarterly; or oftener if neCeifary. Annual general court for elefting the vice presidents, trea-(urer, committee, and other officers, &c. Power of the general court to enter into contrafts5 and to manage and transact all business, &c. and delegate proper powers to committees; and to order and dispose of the use of the common seal; and to make bye-laws, and to revoke or alter the same. No bye-law to be binding, unleis confirmed by a succeeding general court. Election of a president, vice president, or treasurer, in the room of such as shall die, or resign. All questions at a general court or committee are to be decided by vote; unless five members demand a bailot, and then it is to be determined accordingly. General court impowered to appoint such officers, See, as shall be judged necessary $ or to remove or fqf-pend them; and allow them reasonable salaries. Committee, at their weekly or other meetings, impowered to suspend or remove officers, and appoint others, till a general court be held. Officers to account upon bath, &c. when required 5 and making default therein, may be committed, till he render account and payment, or compound. Persons admitted'into the hospital, or employed therein, to gain no settlement in the parish thfereby. Right of common extinguished upon the lands on which the hospital is intended to be built. Power to exchange certain lands vested in Robert Dingley and Philip Milloway, for the use of the said hhospital No building to be erected within* ten feet of the roads to be made front

Anno nono Georgii III. <^.<32, 33; [i j6$.

the Couth end of Black Friars bridge. Limitation of addons. General issue* Treble costs. Publick act.

CAP. XXXII.

An act for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching, the high streets and lanes in the parish of Saint Nicholas within the city of Rochester and parish of Strood in the county of Kent; and for making a road through Star Lane, across certain fields adjoining thereto, to Chatham HiU in the said county.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money to be raised by a lottery.

[Preamble.]

The sum of 780, 000L granted; to be raised by a lottery. Natives or foreigners, who, in books opened at the bank, have subscribed to 1 the said sum of 780, 000!. and droofited x Lin respect of every ticket, 1 are to pay the remaining sum of 121. as herein directed; viz. the further sum of 21. in respect of each ticket, by x June; 3I. by xo July j 3 1. by a 5 August; and 4I. by 3 October next. Contributors paying in the whole of their subscriptions by 22 August, to be allowed interest after the rate of 31. per cent, to the 3d of October 1769. Tickets for the lottery to be delivered to fublcribers completing their subscriptions. Cashier of the bank to give security for duly accounting for, and paying over the said monies into the exchequer. Treasury to apply the money to the services voted this session. 600, 0001. part of the said Com of 780, 0001. to be distributed into prizes; and paid into the bank, out of the supplies granted this session. Managers ana directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery books. Ticket. Managers to examine I the books with the tickets, and deliver them after to the cashiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the same. Cashiers to return the books, with j the undisposed tickets, with an account of the monies paid in The un-disposed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer, &c. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with silk 5 and cut off in-dentwife, into a box marked with the letter (A) Box to be locked up and sealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 60, 000 tickets to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets. 5001. to the first drawn ticket, and xoooo 1. to the last drawn. Tickets of the outermost columns of the last mentioned book to be rolled up, and tied, and cut out indentwife into a box marked with the letter (B) Box to be locked up and sealed. Publick notice to be given of the times of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on 13 Nov. 1760. Method to be observed in drawing, Sec. After each day's drawing, the boxes to be locked up and sealed. Numbers of the fortunate tickets, and the sums to be printed. Disputes relating thereto, to be adjusted by the managers. Penalty of forging, &c. tickets or certificates, felony. Managers to be sworn. The oath. Caftner to receive the sums subscribed, before receiving the lottery books; and to give a note for the same; the bearers intitled thereupon to one lottery ticket for every 13I. so paid* Contributors not making good their payments with respect to the said lottery, within the times limited, forfeit their deposits; and the tickets for such sums to be delivered back into the exchequer. Treasury to pay the managers, and defray the incidental expences. Limitation of*sale of chances, Sec. Penalty. Office-keepers, See. felling shares in tickets of which they are npt ppffeffect, forfeit 5001. Offences committed in Ireland against acts for preventing unlawful lotteries, made punishable, and the penalties may be sued for in Dublin. The sum of 600, 0001. payable>in respect of the fortunate tickets, is charged upon the aids in general granted this session; and to be paid at the bank without deduction. Alter the drawing of the lottery, the tickets to be exchanged for certificates. Managers to give notice of the time for taking in the tickets, and delivering out the certificates, &c. Certificates to be numbered. Books to be kept for entering the names of persons bringing tickets to be exchanged, See. Certificates to be signed, Ac. Treasury. to discharge all incident charges attending the execution of this, aft, No fee to be taken for receiving or

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. '34."

paying the contribution-monies, or for issuing receipts or monies, on penalty of 201. General issue. Treble costs.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund9 and for applyingafertain sum therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine j and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament. Preamble, 1, 664, 8121. 4$. 5 d. iq. granted out of the sinking fund, for the service of the current year3. to be issued by the treasury accordingly. Treasury impowered to raise the said sum, or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the sinking fund 3 and to strike tallies of loan, with orders for repayment of the money so advanced 3 and interest payable quai: rly. Orders to be registered in course. No undue preference to be given in payment, nor fee to be taken3 on forfeiture of treble da* mages, with fun colts. Penalty of undue preference in point of registry or payment 3 to be recovered in any of the courts of record at West min- ster. No undue preference in the registering, where tallies or orders are brought the lame day j nor if subsequent orders are paid before others not brought in course, lo as money be reserved for the precedent orders. Power of assignment, and method of transferring of orders. If it shall be judged more adviseable, the treasury may raise the said sum by exchequer bills, instead of loans; the bills in loch case to be made as those prescribed by the malt act of this session. All advantages and penalties in the malt act of this session, relating to loans or exchequer bills thereby authorized to be made forth, extended to this act: The said exchequer bills, interest, and charges, are to be paid out of the sinking fund, Bank authorized to lend the said sum, notwithstanding aft 5 Sc 6 Will. Sc Mary. The sum of 135, 177 k 15 s. 6d. aq. surplus of the sinking fund in the exchequer on 5 April 1769, to be applied for the service of the current year. Appropriation of the supplies. The monies arising by the malt tax, land tax, loans, lottery, East India agreement, and such other sums as shall be paid into the exchequer by 5 April 1770 $ duties upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic3 and 59, 879k 8s. 5d. aq. remaining in the exchequer on 5 April 1769 5 with the several sums before granted and specified; with the residue of the sums arising by sale of the French prizes, and by sale of lands in the ceded islands 3 viz. out of the aforesaid aids, 1, 524, 6681.

8 s. z d. towards naval services herein specified; .400, 000k towards paying off the debt of the navy; 177, 947 1. 18 s. for the charge of the office of ordnance $ 43, 812 k 198. to the said office, for services performed in 1768, not provided for. 1, 358, 056, 1. 8 s. 11 d. aq. towards the land forces, and other services in general3 of which 602, 673 k 15 s. 7CL for guards and garrisons in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey; 367, 835 k 18 s. 7 d. and one eighth part of 1 d. for guards and garrisons in the plantations, and Africa, Minorca, and Gibraltar, &c. and provisions for the forces abroad 3 4, 661. h 12 s. 7 d. to make good the difference of pay between the British and Irish establishment, of troops in the Isle ot Man, Gibraltar, Minorca, and ceded iflands3 12, 2001. 18 s. 6 d. aq. for general and general staff officers5 127, 020 k to the reduced officers of the land forces and marines 3 1, 3311.13 s. to the two troops of horse guards, and regiment of horse reduced 3 and to the superannuated gentlemen of the troops of horse guards 3 4, 763k 5 s. to reduced officers, with the 10th company of battalions reduced 3 1, 480 k to the pensions of officers widows 3 107, 3941.15 s. 10 d. to the out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital 3 128, 692 1. as.9d. and seven eight parts of a penny extraordinary expences of the land forces, and other services incurred, and not provided for 3 513, 5111. to discharge the civil list debt. 1, 800, 000 k towards paying off exchequer bills iilued pursuant to an act of the last session 3 16, 500 k to make good to his Majesty the like sum issued pursuant to the address of the house of commons 3 3, 000 k for a passage to the house of commons. 4, 375 k 178. nd. for supporting the civil establishment of Nova Scotia; 3, 086 k for the civil establishment of Georgia 3 4, 750 k for the civil establishment of East Florida; 4, 800 k for the civil establishment of West Florida 3 1, 785 k 4 s. towards expence of general surveys in America $ 13, 000 k for the forts and settlements in Africa, under direction of

21?

ai$ Anno nono Georgii III c.35. [1768.

the African company; 5, 5591. charges of the civil eftaMHhment of Sene, gambia; 19, 9671. to s. to the Foundling Hospital $ and 5, 600!. towards, apprenticing children from thence; 39x31!. 16s. to repay monies advanced by the governors in apprenticing such child out. 4*0001. towards erecting a magazine for gunpowder in Portsmouth harbour; 5, 0001. to the Levant company j, 0001. for repairing and widening roads in Car* narvonthire. a, 0001. to Charles Dingley for erecting a wind saw mill. See. 47, 53 il. 18 s. 6 d. to replace to the said fund the like sum paid thereout, for deficiency in annuities on the act of 31 Geo. s. 18, 930!. 3 s.

' 4 d. 3 q. to replace to the sinking fund deficiencies paid thereout on annuities granted by act 3 Geo. 3, 186, 0431.1 s. 7 d. 3 q. to make good deficiency of the grants for 1768. The said aids to be applied to the uses on- ly before mentioned. Rules to be observed in the application of the half-pay. Act 8 Geo. 3. Rules to be observed in the application of the fur- plus of the several Turns of 131, 4311. appropriated in 1766 to the payment of reduced officers.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for discontinuing, upon the exportation of iron imported in foreign ships, the drawback of such part of the duties payable thereon as exceeds the duties payable upon iron imported in British ships to prohibit the exportation of pig and bar iron., and certain naval Jlores, unless the pre-emption thereof be offered to the of of the nervy, to repeal so much of an act made in the sixth year of Ins present Majesty's reign, as discontinued the drawback upon foreign rough hemp exported; for providing a compensation to the clerks in the offices of the principal Secretaries of state, for the advantages such. clerks enjoyed, before the commencement of an act, made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for preventing'frauds and abuses in relation to the sending and receiving

letters and packets free from the duty of postage; and to explain and amend the said act.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the duties payable upon iron imported into Great Britain in foreign built ships navigated by foreigners, exceed the duties that are payable for such iron when imported in British built vessels navigated by British subjects } but the whole of such additional duty paid by the importers of iron in foreign built ships being drawn back and repaid upon the 'exportation thereof., is an encouragement to the importation of iron in foreign built ships navigated by foreigners, and may tend to the prejudice of the trade and navigation of this kingdom: for remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this pre- sent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. Drawback dir- That from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven fomuebofthe hundred and sixtynine, such part of the duties which have been duties upon or shall be paid upon iron imported in foreign built ships navi-exportation of gated by foreigners, as exceeds the duties which would have iron imported payable upon such iron, if the same had been imported

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 35. 219

in British built ships navigated by British subjects, shall not be toms, as ex-drawn back or repaid upon the exportation of such iron from c.eeds the this kingdom; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary not- imposed i11 withstanding.' Bntifhship*,

II. And whereas by feverdl acts of parliament, pig and bar iron made in his Majestfs colonies in America, may be imported directly from thence, under certain reflrifliohs, into any port of Great Britain, duty-free; and for the better supply of his Majestfs royal navy with naval stores, various bounties or premiums are allowed upon the importation of masts, yards, bowfprights, tar, pitch, turpentine, hemp, and rough and undressed flax, into this kingdom: and whereas, the good purposes intended by those acts are in some measure def eated by the re-exportation of such goods into foreign parts; and it is proper that further provision should be made for the supply of naval floret for the public use: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of June, Pig and bar one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, the pre-emption or ir?n> and cer. refusal of all pig and bar iron, masts, yards, bowfprights, tar, pitch, turpentine, hemp, rough and undressed flax, and tow, bited to be " shall be offered and tendered to the commissioners of his Maje- exported, fly's navy, eight days before any such goods shall be exported, unler! the pre-or entered for exportation, by way of merchandize to foreign offered^o the parts from the port of London, and twenty days before any such of goods shall be exported, or entered for exportation, by way of of the navyj merchandize to foreign parts from any other port or place in this kingdom; and if, within the said times respectively after such tender, the said commissioners of his Majesty's navy shall not contract or bargain for the same, the said of, or any three or more of them, shall give a certificate of such'tender and refusal under their hands (without fee or reward) to the owner or owners of such goods5 and upon his or their producing and delivering up such certificate to the collector and comptroller or other principal officer of the customs, at any port of this kingdom, it shall and may be lawful for such owner or owners of such goods to export the same from thence, in the same manner, and under the same rules and regulations, as they might have been lawfully exported if this act had not been made.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- and if export-said^ That if any pig or bar iron, masts, yards, bowfprights, ed, or entered tar, pitch, turpentine, hemp, rough and undressed flax or tow, or laid on shall, from and after the said first day , of June, one thousand seven, hundred and sixty nine, be exported from this kingdom £Jfered, to foreign parts, or entered ofitwards, or laden an board any

ship, vessel, or boat, in order to be exported, or shall be put on board any boat or vessel, in order to be fhipt for exportation by way of merchandize, without being first tendered to the of of his Majesty's navy, as before directed $ or before or b.e^re*their certificate of such tender and refusal shall be produced and p*Sduccd % f delivered up to the proper officers of the customs at the port of such tender exportation, such goode shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and and refusal,

VOL. XXVIII, Q.^the faint znay

220 Anno nono Georgii III. c. 35* [1768.

be seized $ may be seized by any officer of his Majesty's customs5 and if and, thedone t*ic ^ai<* S°°^s (haN be exported before any discovery thereof,

S" exporter1 that they cannot be seized, in such case the owner or export-forfeitsthe er of such goods shall forfeit the value thereof, to be estimated value. and computed according to the bed price that each article then bears at London; which penalties and forfeitures shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and divided, in the same manner and form, and by the same rules ^nd regulations, as other penalties and forfeitures inflicted by the laws relative to the revenue of customs may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and divided.'I

Recital of IV. And whereas by an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his'dause m aft present Majesty, intituled, An act for allowing a bounty on the continuing*exportation of British made cordage j and for discontinuing the the drawback drawback upon foreign rough hemp exported; it is, amongst upon foreign other things, enabled. That the drawback, which by any act or acts rough hemp 0j parliament is allowed and made payable upon the exportation of exporte i foreign rough hemp from this kingdom, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable: and whereas the allowing the said drawback, under certain restrictions, may encourage the importation of foreign rough hemp into this kingdom, for the better supply of his Majestfs royal navy therewith: be it therefore enacted by the The recited authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of June, cl-fere. one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, the said clause incaled# the before recited act of the sixth year of his Majesty's reign, discontinuing the said drawback upon the exportation of foreign rough hemp from this kingdom, shall be, and the same is hereby declared'to be, repealed.

Recital of V. And whereas by an act made in the fourth year of his present i clause in aft Majestfs reign, for preventing frauds and abuses in relation to the I touching the Mng an{ giving of letters^packets free from the duty of \ duties of Pylttge 5 the clerks tn the offices of his Majesty's principal secretaries postage. of fate are deprived of the privileges of sending and receiving their < letters free from the duty of postage, which had been uninterruptedly enjoyed ever fence the establishment of the post office; and that the privilege of franking news papers reserved to them by the said act, is by the regulations therein contained rendered of very little advantage to them, and is likely soon to be intirely kft, by reason of the great expence they are put to for post letters, and from tie methods by which news papers are now dispersed into the country: as a recompense therefore for the loss of such privileges, and as a compensation for the advantages heretofore arising therefrom \ be it further enacted t^ool. per an. by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be and is hereby numtobepaid charged upon the revenues arising in the general letter office or venuesVf the P°^ office, dr office of post matter general, the sum of one general post thousand five hundred pounds per annum, which shall be pav-office, to the able thereout to his Majesty's principal secretaries of state for derks in the the time being, in equal proportions, to be distributed by such ^ncipal feC respective secretaries of state among the clerks in their offices; cretanes of , which said annual sum shall be made in quarterly payments, to state, be computed from the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand

x y6SJ] Anno nond Georgii III. c. 35; g2 j

seven hundred and sixty nine j and that the paymaster or a corapen-r*eceiver of the revenues of the general letter office or post office, fat.^ the or office of post matter general for the time being, shall, upon any warrant or warrants under his Majesty's royal sign manual, them by the countersigned by any three or more of the commissioners of his recited acts. Majesty's treasury, or by the lord high treasurer for the timeto 'being, make such quarterly payments to such person or persons payment as (nail be appointed by such secretaries of state for the time accordingly, being, to receive their respective proportions of the said annual lum; such person or persons producing and delivering to such paymaster or receiver a receipt or receipts under the hands of such secretaries of state; and which receipt or receipts (hall-be. a full acquittance and discharge to such paymaster or receiver for the payment of the sum or sums mentioned therein.

VI. And whereas by an act made in the fourth year of his pre- clause in the sent Mcfieftfs reign, intituled, An act for preventing frauds and said act re-abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of letters and spefting the packets free from the duty of postage, it is provided, that no- time ofpri-thing therein contained should extend ta charge'with the duty of post- member* of age any printed votes or proceedings in parliament, or printed news fending the papers, being sent without covert, or in covers open at the ftdes, votes of the which should be signed on the outside thereof by the hand of any mem- house of her of parliament^ in such manner as had been theretofore practised* ^Tprinted cr which should be dire sted to any member of parliament at any place news'papers, whereof he should have given notice in writing to the postmaster gene- free or post-ralj or to his deputy at Edinburgh or Dublin respectively 5 but that all aSc 1

such voles, proceedings, and news papers* so sent and signed, or directed as aforesaid* should be received free of the duty of postage and whereas doubts have arisen with respect to the duration of the lime allowed by the said act for the conveyance'of such votes, proceedings, and news papers, free from the duties of postage \ be it therefore declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it is the true intent and meaning of the said act, that such votes, proceedings, and news papers, so sent and directed as aforesaid, should be conveyed free from the duty of postage during such times only as are allowed and limited in the preceding part or the said act for the conveyance, free of postage, of letters and packets not exceeding the * weight of two ounces, The said time sent from or to any member of either of the two houses of par-°the jiament in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, in such manner orar*

as in the said act is particularly expressed; that is to say, During within todays the fitting of any session of parliament, or within forty days be- before or 40 fore or forty days after any summons or prorogation thereof. days aft*.

VII. And whereas by a clause in an act of the fifth year of his Qatlfc in present Majesty, intituled, An act to alter certain rates of postage, 5 Geo. 3. and to amend, explain, and enlarge, several provisions in an act respecting the made in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne* and in post office, other acts relating to the revenue of the post office* the clerk of

the parliaments and the clerk of the house of commons are impowered to send and receive letters free of postage: and whereat tty privilege of sending and receiving letters andpackets free from the duty of postage

dz xis

Anno nono Georgii III. c. 36, 37. [1768.

is not by the said act extended to the clerk assistant, and the reading clerk of the house of peers, and the clerk antstant of the house of commons of Great Britain, and the chief clerk without doors (who receives the fees and pays tfrem to the officers of the said house) respectively for the time being; who by virtue of their respective offices and employments necessarily send and receive many Utters relating to the public concerns of these kingdoms; be it therefore enacted by The clerk the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this assistantand act, the said clerk aiCstant and the said reading clerk of the Ffathlgh1C? ^ouse Peers > an(* H the c^erH and the said chief

of peers j° and without doors of the house of commons of Great Britain the clerk af- for the time being, shall and may respectively send and receive fistant and letters free from the duty of postage, in the same manner and C^t5f CtC? under such restrictions as any member of either of the two of the house" houses of parliament of Great Britain now fenrd and receive the of commons, same, in pursuance of an act made in the fourth year of the may fend and reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for preventing recttwe letters fraugs and abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Utters u y cc* and packets free from the duty of postage.

cap. xxxvr.

An act for applying certain monies therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine.

[Preamble.]

400, 0001. payable into the exchequer by the Ealft India company, and produce of the duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabic\ and 59, 8791*. 8 s. 5 d. xq. reserved in the exchequer for the disposition of parliament, to be issued towards making good the supplies granted this ref-lion. 30, 0001. out of such monies as shall be paid into the exchequer between April, 1769, and $ April, 1770, of the duties appropriated for the defence, &c. of the fintiih American colonies, to be applied in paying the troops there § 109, 864!. 19 s. 4d. zq. winter stoppages unapplied, of the cavalry serving in Germany in the last war, and balance of flock purse $ with the balance of lord Chatham's account as paymaster general of the army $ and of Thomas Calcraft as paymaster of the widows pen- lions, and money reserved in the office or the paymaster general, of the army, to be applied in defraying the extraordinary expences of the army, Ac. nof provided for.

cap. xxxyn.

An act for reviving several acts for preventing abuses in 1 making bricks and tiles j and for indemnifying justices of the pace, and others, who have acted under the said afis \ and for indemnifying persons who have omitted to make and file affidavits and for allowing further time for paying duties omitted to be paid upon contrast with clerks and apprentices; for making forth duplicates of exchequer hills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, loft, burnt, or destroyed, and for repay-, ing to Joseph Glover and John Bill the duty by them paid

pna targo of wheat, and for allowing the same to be landed

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 37. ' 223

for home conjunction; and for preventing farish poor being paid in base or counterfeit coin.

TI7* WHEREAS the laws herein after mentioned have been found Preamble. W to be very useful and beneficial, and are expired: thay it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, in- so much of tituled. An act to prevent abuses in the making of bricks and tiles, act i*Geo. x. and to ofcertain the dimensions thereof and to prevent all unlawful combinations amongst any brickmakers or tilemakers, within fifteen miles of the city ^London, in order to advance or enhance the price of bricks or tiles; and so much of an act passed in the second ancj of^year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, An actGeo.», to explain and amend an act made in the twelfth year of his late Ma- n jejlys reign, intituled, An act to prevent abuses in the making of bricks and tiles, apd to ascertain the dimensions thereof, and to prevent all unlawful combinations amongst any brickmakers or tilemakers, within fifteen miles of the city of London, in order to advance or enhance the price, of bricks or tiles; and also so much of an act passed in the third year of his said Majesty's anfJ of act reign, intituled, An act for amending the acts therein mentioned, relating to the making of bricks, as were in force and capable of on March, taking effect upon the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand 173s, seven hundred and thirty two, shall, from the twenty fifth day arc revived, of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, be a«d further'revived, and have Continuance from that time to the end of the c0lU[*lued next sessionof parliament. 25 c'17

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all anj persong and every justice and justices of the peace, searcher and search- who have afters, and every other person or persons whomsoever, who shall ed pursuant to have acted in any case pursuant to the directions of the said acts, the dirtftious or either of them, finofc the said twenty fifth day of March, one acts since the thousand seven hundred and thirty two, shall be, and he and said 15 March, they is and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from 173?*

and against all trespasses, penalties, and forfeitures whatsoever, are jndemni-which they or any of them shall or may have incurred by rea- fae'son thereof.

III. - And whereas divers persons may have omitted to cause affida-.x vits to be made and filed in the proper offices, of the aftuat execution

of contract of clerks to attornies and filicitors, within the times limited by law, and may be in danger of incurring certain disabilities by fitch omission 5 be it therefore enacted by the authority afore- Further time said. That all and every person and persons who have omitted allowed to to cause such affidavit or affidavits to be made and filed as afore- Persons who said, and who shall onor before the first day of Michaelmas to make and term, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, cause one or gie affidavits fnofe affidavit or affidavits \' be made and filed, in such manner of the execu-

2 as tien of con-

224 Anno nono Georgii III. c. 37. [1768.

trafttofclerks as is direlftd by the laws in Jbeing, shall be, and are hereby in-, demnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all penalties, j an 0 icitors. forfe; tures> incapacities, and disabilities, in or by any act or acts I of parliament mentioned, incurred, or to be incurred for or by j reason of any neglect or omission in causing such affidavit or affidavits to be made out and filed, in such manner as is required i by the laws in being; and such affidavit or affidavits so to be j made out and filed as aforesaid, shall be as effectual, to all in- i tents and purposes, as if the same had been made and filed with- I in the respective times limited by the laws in being for that purpose.

IV And* for the relief of any person or persons who* through neglect or inadvertency*have omitted to pay the several rates and duties* or an^ part thereof*upon monies giveny paidy controlled* or agreed* fory withy or in relation to* any clerksy apprentices* or servants* who have been put or placed to or with any master or miftrefsy to learn any profejfton* trade* or employment* and to have such indentures* or ether writings, which contain the covenants, articles, contrails* or agreements* relating to the service of suchclerky apprentice, or fervent* stamped within the times by the several alls of parliament for those purposes respectively limited* or who have also, in Hie manner* emitted to insert and write, in words at length* in such indentures, or other writings, as aforesaid, the full sum or sums of money, or any part thereof* received* or in any wise directly or indirectly given* paid* or agreed or controlled for* with* or in relation to* every such Further time cleri* apprentice* or servant* as aforesaid* be it enacted, That allowed for upon payment of the rates and duties upon monies or such part duti^upon such monies so neglected or omitted to be paid, as aforesaid, apprentice on or before the first day of September, one thousand seven hun-fees, and hav. dred and sixty nine, to such person or persons to whom the ingthOnden- same ought to be paid, and tendering the said indentures or pares tamp.wrjtjngS to fta0flpe(j at the same time, or at any time on or before the twenty ninth day of September* one thousand, seven hundred and sixty nine (of which timely notice is to be

given in The London Gazette) the same indentures or other writings shall be good and available in law or equity, and may be giyen in evidence in any court whatsoever; and the clerks, ap-7 prentices, or servants, therein named, shall be capable of following and exercising their respective intended trade or employment, as fully as if the said rates and duties, so omitted, had t>een duly paid, and the full sum or sums received or agreed for^ as aforesaid, had been inserted; and the persons who have incurred any penalties by the omissions aforesaid, shall be acquitted and discharged of and from the said penalties; any thing in the said former aits to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And whereas several bills commonly called Exchequer Bills, j several tickets commonly called Lottery Tickets, several orders and certificates made forth in lieu of the said lottery tickets, and likewise j for annuities of divers kinds* payable at or near the receipt' of his Majesty'i exchequer; as also several receipts of the cashters of the \ governor and company of the banb of England, or some of them* for

1768] Anno nono Georgii III. c.37; .&2g

monies contributed there for the purchase of annuities transferable in the books of the said governor and company, or for other monies payable there in purfance of aft s of parliament, have by casualty or mif-chance been loji, burnt, or otherwise destroyed} which exchequer bills9 lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, of the respective denominations aforesaid^ were made forth by and in pursuance of several acts of parliament in that behalf; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where Barons of the it shall appear, by affidavit to be made before any or either of exchequer the barons of the exchequer for the time being (who shall in- »Powered to terrogate the deponent thereupon) to the satisfaction of such forex-j baron or barons, that any such exchequer bills, or any such chequer bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders^ or other orders as lottery tickets, aforesaid, before the first day of May9 one thousand seven hun- certificates, ^dred and sixty nine, have been, are, or shall be, loft, burnt, nuUyPorden^ or otherwise destroyed, or that there be good reason to believe &c.ioft, burnt, the same have been burnt, loft, or otherwise destroyed, it shall or otherwise and may be lawful for the refoe&ive officers and persons ap- destroyed, fcc. pointed to issue or make forth such exchequer bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders, or to pay or discharge the same, or to issue any monies due or payable thereupon, upon producing a certificate from any or either of the said barons of such affidavit made before him or them (which affidavit the said barons, of any or either of them, is and are hereby authorized to take, and which certificate he or they is or are hereby required to make and grant without fee or reward) and on security given to the said respective officers and persons to their good liking, to indemnify them respectively a-against all other persons whatsoever, for or concerning the monies specified in or due upon such respective bill or bills, ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, receipt or receipts, order or an<* A proorders; they the said persons respectively shall and are hereby^t^rcunon required to make forth duplicates of the said bills, tickets, cer- to ma)ce tificates, receipts, and orders, at the request of the respective duplicates of owners, and to pay, satisfy, and discharge, the same, and all she said bills, such interest as is or shall be due on any of them carrying inte- she mo-rest, or to make forth (lock or transferable annuities, in lieu of such receipts as he or they should have paid, satisfied, or dif- curity being charged, or 1pade forth on the said original bills, tickets, cer- given by the fipates, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders, if the same parties apply-had been produced, and shall be allowed all such payments, JJ|fy sum or sums of money, in their respective accounts; and in all therein, cases where the signing of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or the lord high treasurer of Great Britain for time r being* shall be necessary for making the said duplicates, or any fi/nlbc^du-of them, effectual for the purposes aforesaid, it shall and may pHcates, at*be lawful to and for the said of of his Majesty's require their treaffiry, or any three or more of tiiem, or the lord high trea- signing tQ surer for the time being, to sign such duplicate accordingly. Jtfeftu2d!m

VI. And whereas by an act of parliament made in the eighth year C!ause act of his present Majtfifs reign, to continue several acts made in the % Geo. 3.

126 Anno nono Georgii III. c; 37; £1765.

preceding session of parliament, the importation of wheat and wheat flour from his Majestfs colonies in America free of duty, wrfj/-lowed until the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine: and whereas Joseph Glover and John Bill of the city of Bristol, merchants, sent out a vessel upon the third day of August, 'tone thousand seven hundred and sixty eighty from the port of Bristol to Virginia for a lading of wheats in order to import the same into this kingdom, under the provisions of the said act: ana whereas from the hadness of the weather and contrary winds both on the out- j ward and homeward bound voyages, and the unavoidable delay for repairs in Virginia, the said vessel did not arrive at the port of, Bristol till the fourth day ^February last: and whereas the cargo \ of the said vessel, conjjfting of about four thousand five hundred bushels of wheats was so much damaged in the voyage as to be unfit j for exportation $ and a deposit has been made at' the custom-house in Bristol of two hundred and fifty five pounds on account of the duty \ upon the said wheat: and whereas the said cargo is in Jo perishing a state that the same, or the greatest part thereof mufi be inevitably loft, if not permitted to be landed for home consumption: be it there- ! Joseph Glover fore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall 1 and John Bill and may be lawful for of of his Majesty's customs, or deposit- ot^eir ProPer officer or officers, and they, are hereby authorized ed°as the duty an(* required to repay to the said Joseph Glover and John Bill, 1

upon the car- or their assigns, the said sum of two hundred and fifty five go of wheat pounds so deposited as aforesaid $ and that it shall and may be j them^rom^or them the kid J°fepb Glover and John Bill) or their

America agent or agents, to land the said cargo of wheat, confiding of j'about four thousand five hundred buihels, without the payment I and the wheat of any subsidy, custom, duty, or imposition whatsoever, in the to be landed same manner to all intents and purposes as they might have done had the said vessel and cargo arrived before the expiration of the said act. , 1

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any churchwarden or overseer of any parish, township, or place, or other person authorized or intruded by them, or'any of them, to make payments to or for th'e use of the poor within such parish, township, or place respectively, shall wilfully and knowingly, at any time from and after the twenty fourth'day of June next, for the use of make any such payments in any base or counterfeit money, or xnalungthen any ot^er than lawful money of Great Britain; that then, same, in any upon complaint thereof made to any justice of the peace of the other than county, riding, division, or place, wherein such payment shall lawful money, fD ma(je as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice, and he is hereby required, to summon the churchwarden, overseer, or other person charged with such offence, and in a summary way, upon his or their non-appearance or con-session, or u£oft proof of such offence upon oath of one or more'forfeit not less credible witness or witnesses (which oath the said justice is here-than ios. nor by authorized to administer) to adjudge the party so offending a^s^for every to so^t an<l pay for each offence a sum not less than ten (hil-such offence j lings, nor more than twenty shillings $ and to levy the same by

distress

duty free.

Churchwardens, overseers, or others* intruded to make payments to or

1?68.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 38. 227

distress and sale of the goods and chattles of such offender; 'rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner, after the charges of such distress and sale shall be deduced; which sum shall be ap* to be applied plied for the use of any poor person or persons of such parish, to the uie of township or place respectively, in such manner as the justice of any of peace, who shall adjudge such forfeiture, shall direct or appoint. "e

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for further encouraging the growth and culture of raw silk in his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America.

WHEREAS the giving further encouragement to the growth

[Preamble.]

and culture of raw silk in his Majesty's colonies and plantations in America, will be a great advantage to the trade of the said colonies, and tend to the further improvement of the silk manufactures of this kingdom; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia- xnent aflsembled, and by the authority of the same, That from Premiums aland after the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred !owed on the and seventy, all and every person or persons who shall import Int^the^rt or cause to be imported into the port of London, directly from of London, the British colonies or plantations in America, in any ship or of raw silk of vessel, ships or vessels, that may lawfully trade to his ^a-^c|r?^h of jesty's plantations, manned as by law is. required, any raw of the growth or'produfl of the said colonies or plantations, ^h shall have and enjoy, as a reward or premium for such importation, the following sums (that is to say) For every hundred viz.51. for pounds value of such raw silk, to be ascertained as is herein ey*ry100 ! after mentioned, the sum of twenty five pounds, and foin proportion for any quantity of greater or lesser value, from the first froVn % jan. day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, to the 1770, to 1 Jan* first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy >777 1 seven; for every hundred pounds value of such raw. silk, the201, for like sum of twenty pounds, and so in proportion for any quantity value import-of greater or lesser value, from and after the said first day ofed^r^om, Ja0« January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, to the*

first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty*four; and for every hundred pounds value of such raw silk, the 15I. for like sum of fifteen pounds, and so in proportion for any quantity ofvak»e import-greater or lesser value, from and after the said first day of Janu- |an 1 to ary, one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, to the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and ninety one;

under such regulations as are herein after mentioned: to be to be paid out paid upon demand to the importer of such raw silk by the re- of the customs. Reiver general of the customs, the collector or other proper officer of the port of London, out of the customs.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by theautho- But oath is tQ rity aforesaid. That in order to intitle the importer and^ importers of ray silk to the premium granted by this act, every clearing*mer-out of thevef-

228

fel, that the silk shipped is of the growth and

colonies s

Anno nono Georgii III. c. 38. [1768.

merchant or other person or persons whatsoever who shall, after the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, load any raw silk on board any ship or vessel in any culture of one of the British colonies or plantations in America, shall, before of the British the clearing out of the ship or vessel from thence, make proof on oath before the collector and comptroller of the customs and naval officer at the port or place where such raw (ilk shall be put'on board, or any t*o of them, that the raw silk which he, ftie,

or they, hath or have shipped on board such ship or vessel, (expressing the quantity thereof) is bona fide of the growth and culture of some or one of the British colonies or plantations in America, and specifying the colony or colonies, plantation or plantations respectively, of which it is the growth; which oath the said collector and comptroller of the customs and naval officer, or any two of them, are hereby required and impowered and accrtifi- to administer without fee or reward; and the matter, commarltt num- man(kr, or other person, taking charge of the ship or vessel, ber, tale, and on board which such raw silk shall be loacted, shall also bring weight, of with him a certificate or certificates from such collector and each bale, comptroller of the customs and naval officer, or any two of them as aforesaid under their hands and seals of office (which certificate or certificates such collector and comptroller of the customs and naval officer, are hereby required and directed to grant without fee or reward) expressing the marks, number, tale, and weight, of the raw silk in each bale, pareel, or other package whatsoever, so shipped or loaded on board such ship or vessel; with the name or names, place or places of abode, of exportcrsland the exporter or exporters thereof from the said British colonies persons who or plantations in America, and the name or names; place or shall have places of abode, of fu, ch other person or persons who shall have afwefSV and ^worn the goods therein mentioned to have been of the growth to whom'such and culture of the said British colonies or plantations in Ameri- silk consigned ca> and the name or names of the person or persons to whom in London, is the same are consigned in the port of London; which certificate over\br°heght or cert, hcates the matter, commander, or other person, masterof the taking charge of such ship or vessel, (half, on his arrival in the vessel, said port of London, deliver to the 'collector, comptroller, or and delivered other chief officer of his Majesty's customs at the said port at tffitbepif>5hr or before the entry of the said raw silk; and at the same time customs* in ° fl*aH make oath before any one of them the said collector, London be- comptroller, or chief officer of his Majesty's customs (who are fore entry hereby required and impowered to administer the same without -deof such fee or reward) that the said bales and pareels, and goods coja-and he is also tained in such certificate, are the same bales and pareels, and tofwear to goods, as were taken on board in the said British colonies or the identity of plantations in America.

such silk. III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, aool. penalty That if any person or persons shall, from and after the said first foref^raw ^ay 7dnuary, one thousand seven hundred and feveoty, make,

filk/under the or cause to be made, an entry or entries of any foreign raw silk denomination undo: the name or 4cscriptipa of raw silk of the growth nr culture

with the names and places of a -bode of the

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 38. 229

ture of any of the British colonies or plantations in America5 of that of the or shall mix, or cause to be mixed, any foreign raw silk with Ame-raw silk of the growth or culture of the British colonies or plan- o^mixh^any rations in America, with intent to receive any premium or boun- such there- 7 ty by this act granted; every person or persons so making, or with, in order causing to be made, such entry or entries, or mixing, or causing to receive the such mixture or mixtures to be made, shall forfeit and lose the bounty1 sum of two hundred pounds for every such offence; and all such foreign raw silk, and in case of any mixture, the quantity together with lb mixed both of foreign and British plantation culture orf^kjtweof growth, or the value thereof, together with the bales or other the goods, &c« packages containing the same, shall be forfeited; and shall and may be seized and prosecuted, or the value thereof be sued for, by any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs, as herein after mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The bales to That on the importation of any raw silk into the port of London be opened by from his Majesty's plantations in America, under the regulations aforementioned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the com- in order to* missioners of his Majesty's customs, or their officers, and they ascertain the are hereby required to examine the said raw silk, by opening values each bale or package, and (hifting the same in such manner as

to fee the whole contents; and to fix and ascertain, according to the best of their judgement and discretion, the true and real value thereof, according, to the price raw silk then bears at market.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, A certificate That when the said valuation shall have been so made by the °/tbc valua-commissioners of the customs, or their officers (which they are biTthe hereby required to do within the space of ten days after the pfopcr officer, landing of such raw silk) a certificate of such valuation shall »bend ^uced signed by the proper officer; upon producing which certificate f" order to*to the receiver general of the customs, collector, or other pro- obtain pay-per officer of the port of London, such officer shall be and is ment of the hereby required forthwith to pay the premium, by this act di- Premlum. rested, to the importer or owner of such raw silk.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- Where there thorrty aforesaid. That in case any dispute or difference shall shall be any strife between the of of the customs, or their officers, depute about and the importer or owner of such raw silk, touching the va-the valuatlon* luation thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the said of, and they are hereby required to call two or more per-JjJrorm°re fons well (killed in that commodity, who shall declare upon ^b^cs5ledon# oath, if thereunto required, their opinion as to the real and in, and give true value of such raw silk, according to the price it would then their opinion bear at market; which valuation or award of the said two per- uP°n °ath*fons shall be final 5 and the person intitled to such premium or^arj ?r bounty, shall receive the same according to such valuation, to made final, be certified as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The premium That if any raw silk of the growth or produst; of his Majesty's«to be repaid

'*t ^plonies °.n

tien,

230

over and above the duty;

on forfeiture of such silk, and double the value, in case of fraudulent exportation.

In disputes about the growth of Silt so to be exported, the proof is to lie on the owner, &c.

aoo 1. penalty of making a false certificate, or false oath;

or counterfeiting any certificate;

and, if an officer, forfeiture of his place also, &c.

Recovery of the penalties and forfeitures.

and application thereof.

Anno nono Georgii III. c.38. [1768.

colonies or plantations in America shall be exported from Great Britain, then, and in every such case, the persons exporting the same shall, before the entry thereof, pay unto the collector of the customs of the port where the same shall be exported, or to the chief officer of the customs there, the full sum which is allowed as a premium by this act on all such raw silk as he intends to export, over and above any duty the same is now by law subject to pay at exportation by any former act of parliament.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaicf. That if any person, his, her, or their agent or agents, assignee orassigns, shall be found fraudulently to export or load on board any ship, vessel, or boat, in order to be exported, such raw iilk, without paying such premium to the chief officer or collector of the customs, as aforesaid; such person and persons shall forfeit and lose all such raw silk, and double the value thereof.

IX. Provided always, That if any doubt or dispute shall a rife whether the raw silk, or any part thereof, so to be exported, is of the growth or produce of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, or of foreign growth or produce, the onus pro-bandi shall lie on the owner thereof, or the person claiming the Jbounty, and not on the informer or prosecutor; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any collector or comptroller of the customs, or naval officer, shall make any false certificate; or if any merchant, trader, 1 factor, or other person, shall make any false oath with regard to I the growth of such raw silk; or if any matter or commander of; any ship or vessel shall make any false oath concerning the certificate or package of such raw (ilk; or if any person or persons shall counterfeit any such certificate as is herein before di- I rested to be made, in order to obtain any premium hereby granted; all and every such person and persons, so offending in any j of the cases aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds: and if any such person, so offending, shall be a collector, comptroller, or naval officer, or any other officer of the customs, he shall also forfeit and lose his office, and be incapable of serving his Majesty, his heirs, and successors.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several penalties and forfeitures by this act inflisted, shall and may be prosecuted, determined, and recovered, by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in any of the courts of admiralty in his Majesty's plantations in America respectively, where such penalty or forfeiture shall be incurred; wherein no efifoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed shall, if incurred in Great Britain* be applied, one moiety to the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety to such person or persons as shall sue for the same$ and all such penalties and forfeitures as shall be incurred in his Majesty's

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. C. 39.31

plantations in America shall be applied, one third part thereof to the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, one third part to the use of the governor of the plantation where the forfeiture shall be incurred, and the remaining third part to such person or persons as shall sue for the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, limitation of That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any per- actions, son or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, every such action or suit, if in Great Britain, shall be commenced within six calendar months next after the fast committed r and if in the British colonies or plantations in America, within eighteen calendar months next^ after the fast committed, and not afterwards; and the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act, and General iffuai the special matter, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon* and that the same wasdone in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff; the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and Treble have the like remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act to permit the free importation of certain raw bides and Jkins from Ireland and the British plantations in America, for a limited time; and for taking off the duties upon seal Jkins tanned or tawed in this kingdom, and for granting another duty in lieu thereof \ for indemnifying all persons with respeH to advising or executing any of his Majesty's orders of council prohibiting the importation of raw bides, horns, and hoofs, of infected cattle; and to authorize the prohibition of the importation of such bides, horns % and hoofs, for the future.

WHEREAS the allowingfor a limited time9 the free im- Preamble* portation of certain species of raw hides and Jkins from Ireland and the British colonies or plantations in America, and the reduction of the duties upon seal Jkins tanned or tawed in this kingdom9 may tend to the ease of the public, by reducing the price and encouraging the manufacture of leather in this kingdom; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament ajllembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of June, Rawhidesand one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, no subsidy, euftom, skins (thofeof duty, or other imposition whatsoever, shall be demanded, col-h^fes exc«P^ Jested, received* or taken, for or upon any raw or undressed^imported0

hides duty. free

23. Anno nono Georgii III. {tj68.*

from Ireland, hides of steers, cows, or any other cattle of what kind soever ebonies i*n ^or^es> mares or geldings); nor for or upon any

America, for ca*vc ^, ns or goat skins, raw or undressed, which shall be itn-the term of ported into this kingdom from Ireland, or any of the British co-5 jcars; ionics or plantations in America* for the space of five years from the said first day of June* or at any time thereafter before the j '. end of the then next session of parliament j any act or acts of

parliament to the contrary notwithstanding. 1

so at entry be H* Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the made thereof authority aforesaid, That due entry shall be made of all such at the port of hides and skins, at the custom-house belonging to the port into im hta r°n> the ^amc AwM he imported, in such manner and form as j

be landed ?n were anc* Pra&if©d before the making of this act; and such tb* pr*f*nce hides and skins shall be landed in the presence of the proper of an officer 5 officer or officers of the customs appointed for that purpose; otherwise they and if any person or persons, upon the importation of such are liable to hides or skins, shall not observe and perform the said rules and pay doty. regulations herein before mentioned, every such* person shall be liable to and pay such and the same duties as such hides and skins would have been subject and liable to if this a d had not been made; any thing herein, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

The former

III. And be it further enaddd by the authority aforesaid, duties upon That from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven ! seal fktns hundred and sixty nine, the rates ana duties payable by virtue tawed iiTthis any former act or acts of parliament upon seal skins tanned kingdom are or tawed within this kingdom, shall cease, determine, and be repealed s no longer paid or payable.

and in lieu IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, l thereof i d.# That from and after the said first day of June, in lieu of the.to^e^aid^duties by this act repealed, as aforesaid, there shall be raised,

p collected, levied, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty,

his heirs, and successors, for and upon all seal skins which shall be tanned or tawed within this kingdom, a rate or duty of one penny halfpenny per pound weight, averdupoia^ of such seal skins; and after that rate for a greater or less quantity.

V. And* for the better ascertaining, charging, collecting* raising* levying* and securing* the said rate or duty by this act imposed, and preventing frauds therein, be it further enacted by the authority the raid duty aforesaid* That the rate or duty by this act made'payable upon to be under fcaj skins tanned or tawed in England* Wales* or the town of and manage- Berwick upon Tweed* shall be under the receipt and management mentof the of the of and officers of his Majesty's revenues of of excise in England for the time being; and the rate or duty by and officers of this act made payable upon seal skins tanned or tawed in Scot-excise j janj^ shall be under the receipt and management of the commissioners of excise in Scotland for the time being, end to be VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, raifcjl* That the rate and duty by this act imposed or chargeable for Ac. taalTre- an<* upon foal aforesaid, shall 2nd may. from time to time fpc$, t '*fee ascertained, raised, received, levied, recovered, and secured,

3 by

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 39. 233

by such ways, means, and methods, v and by the same or different damps and marks, and under such pains of death, and other penalties and forfeitures, and with such powers of adjudging the said duty, and adjudging and mitigating the said penalties and forfeitures, or any of them, and other powers^ and to such rules and directions, and in such methods, manner, and form, as the respective duties upon hides and skins, and pieces as the duties of hides and Jkins, made wares, vellum, and parchment, grant- upon hides ed by an act made in the ninth year of the reign of her late ma- ^n8» jesty Queen Ann*, intitufed. An act for laying certain duties upon9bides and skins, tanned, tawed, or dreffect, and upon vellum and parchment, for thl term of thirty two years, for projecting the war, and other her Majestfs moll necessary occafms, are by that act, or any law of ftatgte thereby referred unto, or by any law or lia-tute relating to the duties of excise upon hides and skins, preferred, ^appointed, or enacted, to be ascertained, raised, received, levied, secured, or recovered; and that the act last mentioned, and all the clauses, pains of death, penalties, forfeitures, powers, authorities, rules, directions, matters, and things, therein contained, or thereby referred unto, or contained in any other law or Statute relating to the duties upon hides and skins, for the raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, paying, or accounting for, the duties thereby granted or therein mentioned, or any arrearages of the same, or any way relating to the same duties, pains, penalties, or forfeitures, by such act or adis chargeable, be applied, practised, and put in execution, for raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, paying, and accounting for, the duty upon seal skins by this act granted, and all arrearages thereof, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if they were particularly and at large repeated in the body of this present act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Duties to be That all monies arising by and in respect of the rate and duty paid into the hereby granted and imposed (the necessary charges of raising cxche<tuer 5 and accounting for the same excepted) shall from time to time

be paid into the receipt of his. Majesty's exchequer at Westminster, separate and apart from all other branches of the public revenue; and are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied to the same uses and purposes, in such manner, and under such regulations^ as the monies ariffng by the rates and and to be ap-duties hereby repealed are, by any law or laws now in being, P, ied as the appropriated unto, and directed to be issued and applied. former duties,

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Drawback of That a drawback of one penny per pound weight averdupois I(J. per pound shall, from and after the said first day of June, be allowed upon^expo^a,

the exportation of seal skins tanned cr tawed in this kingdom, tion Gf such in lieu of any other drawback; and the said skins shall be ex- tanned or ported, and the said drawback allowed and paid, in such and tawed seal the same manner, and under the same regulations and restrictions, as any other hides and skins are exported, and the drawback thereupon is allowed and paid,

334

Persons indemnified

ders of council, prohibiting the importation of

formed In obedience thereto.

Anno nono Georgii III. C.39.' f x 768.

IX. And whereas his Majesty, by certain orders in council to prevent the contagious distemper which raged amongst the horned cattle, in several foreign parts ^Europe, being brought into the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland by the importation of hides, horns, and hoofs, of such inf elfed cattle, was pleased to' order that the utmost care should be taken not to permit any entry to pe passed for the hides of horned cattle, either raw or salted, or horns and hoofs which were or might be imported into any of the ports of Great Britain or Ireland, until his Majesty's pleasure should. be further signified; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all personal r At a<^lons and indictments, informations, and all profecu-ad^fin/or0 t*ons anc* Proceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be executing his prosecuted or commenced against any person or persons, for or Majesty's or- by reason of any act, matter or thing advised, commanded, appointed, or done, in relation to the premises; or of any contract or agreement not performed by means of, or in obedience

x________ to, such order of council, be, are, and shall be, discharged and

raw hides, &c. made void by virtue of this act; and that if any action or suit of infected shall be commenced or prosecuted in that part or Great Britain

oHor con- ca^e4 England* against any person or persons for any such act,

tracts notper- matter, or thing, so advised, commanded, appointed, or done, bt such contract or agreement not performed, he, she, or they, may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any General issue. action or suit so to be commenced or prosecuted shall become nonsuit, or forbear further prosecution, or suffer discontinuance, or if judgement shall be given upon any.verdict or demurrer against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants Double colts, shall and may recover double costs, and shall have the like remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have jn other cases by law: and if any such action or suit as aforesaid shall be commenced or pfofecuted in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or in the kingdom of Ireland, the respective court before whom such action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted, shall allow to the defender the benefit of the discharge and indemnity hereby provided, and shall further allow to him his double costs of suit in all such cases as aforesaid.

His Majesty X. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-impowered'by fa id. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King's proclamation most excellent majesty, his heirs, or successors, from time to time, as often as he or they shall find it necessary so to do, by his or their royal proclamation, to be issued by and with the advice of his or their privy council, or by his or their order in _.council, to be published in the London Gazette; to prohibit ge-hides or skins. n^ily, or from any particular country or countries, the importation of any hides or skins, horns or hoofs, or any other part of any cattle or beast, into the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, for such tithe or times to be therein mentioned, and under such rules, orders, and regulations, as his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, by the advice aforesaid, shall judge most expedient and effectual to prevent any contagious distemper from

being

or order in council, to prohibit the importation of foreign

1758.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 40. 333

being brought into these kingdoms; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary not with (landing.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action shall at any time be brought against any person for any matter or thing which he or she shall do, or cause to be done, by virtue or in execution of this act, in every such case the defendant or defendants in every such action may plead

the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evi- General issue,

dence on any trial or trials to be hereafter had in such action;

and that if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any such action shall dif-

continue such action, or become nonsuit, or if judgement shall

be given against such plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action, the

defendant or defendants in every such action shall recover his,

her, or their, treble costs of suit. Treble costs.

CAP. XL.

An act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, far one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand femen hundred and sixty nine.

WHEREAS it is necessery that provision should be made for

[Preamble.]

W defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing for the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, far one year, from the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in every county, riding, or place, within that part of Great Britain called England, where the militia is or shall be raised, the receiver wheretbem!-or receivers general of the land tax of such county, riding or Utia i, or shall place respectively, shall issue and pay the whole sums required, benifed, the in the manner, and for the several uses herein after-mentioned.; receiver gene-that is to say, for the pay of the said militia for four calendar months in advance, at the rate of six shillings a day for each ad- jffue /months jutant, where an adjutant is appointed; and at the rate of one pay in ad-shilling for each serjeant, with the addition of two shillings and yance, accord-six pence a week for each (er)eant major, where a serjeant ma- ^abHIhment jor is appointed; and at the rate of six pence a day for each0f pay i, ere drummer, with the addition of six pence a day for each drum let, down; major, where a drum major is appointed; and also at the rate of six pence a month for each private man and drummer, for defraying the contingent expences of each regiment, battalion, and independant company of militia; one penny whereof shall be applied for defraying the hospital expences of each regiment, battalion. Or independant company, during the time of the mens being from home, upon account of their annual exercise; and also for half a year's salary for the clerk of each regiment or with, half a battalion of militia belonging to such county; riding, or place, year's salary at the rate of fifty pounds a year; and also for the respective al-10 th* VoL.XXVIIi: R j^.mentaiaad

930 Anno nono ueorgii m. c.40. ^1700;

battalion lowances to the clerk of the general meetings, and clerks of the urithc jQjo^several (iib-division meetings, at the rates following; that is to 'say, to the clerk of the general meetings, at the rate of five pounds five shillings for each meeting; and to the several clerks, of the subdivifiofr meetings, at the rate of one pound one shilling for each meeting; and also for the cloathing of the militia for such county, riding, or place, after the rate of three pounds ten shillings for each leijeant, and two pounds for each drummer, with the addition of one pound for each serjeant major, and each drum major; and with respectc to the private militia men, where the militia hath not been cloathed within three years, at the rate of one pound ten shillings for each private man.

II. Provided nevertheless, That in any county, riding, or place, where pay has not yet been issued for the militia, no pay shall be issued until his Majesty's lieutenant, or, in his absence, or in case of a vacancy by the death or removal of his Majesty's

ance to the clerks of the general and subdivision meetings; and pay for cloathing of She militia*

The above flams arc not to be pud* If pay has not before been

receivers general the w-rolment of % fifths of the men and officers.

issued, till the lieutenant, any three deputy lieutenants, of any such county, lord lieute- riding, or place, shall have certified to, the of of his ties shall h\ve" Majesty's treasury, and the receiver general of the land tax, that certified to the three nfths of the number of private militia men of such county, treasury and riding, or place, have been.inrolled, and that three fifths of the proportion of their commission officers have accepted their com* millions, and entered their qualifications as by law required*

III. And be it enadfod, That all such sums of money granted for the pay of the militia as aforesaid, except such as shall be due to the several clerks of the meetings aforesaid, and except The money is such as shall be due on account of cloathing, shall, where the to be paid by militia has never been embodied, be paid by the said receiver or the receiver- receivers general of the land tax, into the hands of the clerk or clerkof^he*c^er^s of the regiments or battalions of militia belonging to such regiment or county, riding, or place, upon his or their producing his or battalion (ex-their warrant or warrants of appointment to such office, under ceptthe allow- the hand and seal of his Majesty's lieutenant for such respective clerks of the c?unty» riding, or place; and where the militia has been em-meetiogsand bodied, into the hands of the clerk or clerks of the regiments for.cloathing) or battalions, upon his or their producing his or their warrant upon produc- or warrants of appointment to such office, under the hand and rant of h^' k* t*lc co^one^ or» w^ere there is no colonel, of the com-appointment;nanding officer of each regiment or battalion respectively, notwithstanding such militia shall have been disembodiea; and and for inde- where the militia shall be formed into an independant com* pendant com- pany, or independant companies, ftfch sums as aforesaid shall refoc&ive can- Pa^ by the said receiver or receivers general of the land tax, tains, or to P"into the hands of the respective captain of each independant their order; company of militia, or to such person as such respective captain shall authorize to receive the same, according to the number of persons hereby intitled to receive pay and cloathing, of which such regiment or regiments, battalion or battalions, independant company or independant companies, shall have been appointed to conlift, according to the establishment laid down in an act paired in the second year of the reign of his prqfent Majesty, intituled,

according to the establish-

ment laid

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c.40. 237

An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parlia- down lXip^\ ment9 the fever allows now in being, relating to the racing ana train- r* ot

ing the militia within that part of Great Britain called England*

and such receiver or receivers general of the land tax shall also, A second pay* within fourteen days after the expiration of the third calendar mentis also to ihonth from the time of the said first payment, make a second* payment for four calendar months in advance; and shall also, aft€3r the first s within fourteen days after the expiration of the three calendar and a third months from the time of the said second payment, make a third within three payment for four calendar months in advance, for the pay and months after contingent expences of the militia, and for the allowances to the the second. regimental or battalion clerk or clerks aforesaid, in the proportions herein before mentioned; and the receipts of such clerk or Receipts of the clerks, and of such captain of an independant company, or cap- pchrfonshto tains of independant companies, or of such person or persons as ney ftaV b? so such captain or captains shall so authorize to receive such money paid discharge as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient discharge to such receiver or re- the receivers ceivers general of the land tax for the several sums of money so general, by him or them paid.

IV. And be it enacted, That the clerk of each regiment or The regimen-battalion of militia shall forthwith, after the receipt of such sums tal and batta-of money as aforesaid, pay, or cause to be paid, one calendarBoncI^rk*?re' month's pay in advance to the adjutant of such regiment or bat- yanwone talion respectively; and to the captain or officer commanding months pay each company belonging to such regiment or battalion, two to the adju-months pay in advance for the serjeants and drummers 5 and al-tznt*and*so to the officer commanding the company to which the serjeant l^each^ap-major and drum major shall belong, two months pay in advance lain, for the for such serjeant and drum major; and so from time to time so serjeants and long as any money on that account shall remain in his hands: drummers % which pay every such captain or officer commanding is hereby jHJ?^required to distibute to each person belonging to his company, jor and dram-by this act mtitled to receive the same, as it shall become due; major; to be and the captain of each independant company is hereby re4uir- P^dt0 the ed to distribute to each person belonging to his company intitled offi£Sof the thereto, such money as he (h^U receive for pay of his company company to by virtue of this act; and such captain or officer commanding which they shall, once in every year, give in to the clerk of the regiment or belong: battalion to which Rich company shall belong, or, if captain of SSb^the*an independant company, to the receiver general, on account aCcord- of the several payments he shall hayfc made in pursuance of this ingiy 5 and

aft, according to the following form: account for

the same yearly to the clerk, or receiver-general if an independant company, according to the following form

Anno nono Georgii III. c. 40; [1768.

County of

Dr.

Fir Contra

Cr.

To cash received of Mr.

regimental or battalion clerk, or receiver general, as the case flail be, for two months pay in advance -

I

Paid serjeant'for days pay from the of to the following —

Ditto as serjeant major (if] one in the company)

Paid serjeant for days pay from the of to the of following —

Paid drummer days at six pence, from i the of'to the ! of following

Ditto as drum mafcr (if j one in the company)

Paid drummer days from the of to the of following

and pay back And shall pay back to the said clerk, or to the receiver general, the surplus as the case shall be, the surplu^ (if any) of the money by himi ^nds.S m from time to time received, and then remaining in his hands. The clerks V. And be it enacted, That the clerk of each regiment or are likewise to battalion of militia, out of the money hereby directed to be if-pay out of the sued and paid to him for defraying the contingent expences of ' a, J?wed each regiment or battalion, shall yearly and every year, pay to expence^fd?1 t*ie c°l°ncl or officer commanding such regiment or battalion, permanfor* one penny a month for each private man and drummer, for de-hospital fraying the hospital expences of each respective company of such charges j regiment or battalion during the time of the mens being absent from home, upon account of their annual exercise; and shall, andj£e-sums from time to time, issue out and pay such sums of money as may the repair of necessary for the repair of arms, and the carriage and remo-arms. and val thereof, upon an order in writing signed by the colonel or carriage there- officer commanding such regiment or battalion j and apply, dispose of, and pay, the residue of such money, for the general Residue to be use and benefit of each such respective regiment or battalion, in applied for the such. manner as the field officers and captains thereof, or the IvTment^&c Srcater Part of them, shall direct; and shall yearly and every asThelseid ofl year toake up an account of all such money, and the expend!-ficers and cap- ture thereof, and deliver the same to the colonel or officer commanding such regiment or battalion, to be by him examined, allowed, and signed; which account so allowed and signed shall be, and it is hereby directed to be, the proper voucher and acquittal of such clerk, for the application and disposal of such money.

VI. And be it enacted, That the money hereby directed to be ^for^continl issued for the contingent expences of each independant compa-gent expences ny of militia, shall be, in like manner, applied to the particular of indepen- uie of such respective independant company by the captain there-dant compa-ancj shall yearly, and every year, be in like manner account*

4

tains shall dirt dl.

Account of the said sums to be made up yearly, See.

1?68.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 40. 239

cd for to the receiver general of the land tax of the county or to be ap-place to which such independant ^company shall belong 5 whose Jc^untcdfor allowance of such account shall in like manner be the proper the cap. voucher for the expenditure and dispofkion thereof. tuns.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commanding That the officer cOmmanding.every regiment, battalion, or in- officers, to dependant company of militia, which shall be raised and trained transmittothe pursuant to the laws now in force, shall, and they are hereby re- exchequerthC spectively required, from time to time, within thirty days after ex r the exercising of every such regiment, battalion, or independant company shall be finished, pursuant to the direction of the laws now in being in that respect, transmit to the auditor of his Majesty's court of Exchequer a compleat return, signed by such offi- Returns of the cer commanding, of the several officers, non-commissioned offi- officers and cers, and private men, who Were actually inrolled, and did serve l£j*atc mn in every such regiment, battalion, or inaependant company, at jfcrving at the the time the same were so exercised as aforesaid, in like manner annual exer-and form as is required to be made to one of his Majesty's prin- cife. cipal secretaries of ft ate.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said regimental or batta- Clerk to retain lion clerk may and shall retain to his own ufc, out of the mo- J!"0"jcY " {?!* ney so by him recovered, such further sums as shall complete JyJL w the allowance herein before made for his salary.

IX. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty's When the Id. lieutenant, or any three or more deputy lieutenants of any coun- l>«uts, or-defy, riding, or place, shall have fixed the days of exercise for the have*fixed the militia, he or they shall, as soon as may be, certify the same to days of exer- the receiver general of such county, riding, or place, specifying die,

the number of men, and the number of days such men are to they are to be absent from home on account of such exercise; and such receiver general is hereby required, within fourteen days after the receiver gene- receipt of such certificate, to issue and pay to the clerk of the fe- ral, specifying veral regiments or battalions, at the rate of seven shillings and the number of six pence per day for the captain of each company, and at the a"jj rate of three shillings and six pence per day for each lieutenant, absent from and of three shillings per day for each ensign; and also at the home, rate of one shilling per day for each private militia man, with Receiver ge-the addition of six pence per day for each corporal of the mili- n*ral to , flue tia, so to be called out to exercise, for the number of days such foroffiJeraanS officers and men shall be absent from home on account of such men to the exercise; and in such counties where there shall be independant regimental companies only, the receiver general of each such respective c, ei*>&c-county shall issue and pav to the captains of the independant Where there companies, at the rate of seven shillings and six pence pe* day shall be inde-for each captain, three shillings and six pence per day for each lieutenant, and three shillings per day for each ensign; and al- receiver so at the rate of one shilling per day for each private militia man, general is to with the addition of six pence per day for each corporal of the ffue Pay militia, so to be called out to exercise, for the number of days such officers and men shall be absent from home on account of ij, e rate here such exercise $ and the said regimental or battalion clerks are set down.

R 3 here-

230

over and a* bove the duty:

on forfeiture of such silk, and double the value, in case of fraudulent exportation*

In disputes about the growth of Sllc so to be exported, the proof is to lie on the owner, &c.

aoo 1. penalty of making a false certificate, or false oath;

or counterfeiting any certificate;

and, if an officer, forfeiture of his place also. See,

Recovery of the penalties and forfeitures.

and application thereof.

Anno ndno Georgi III. c.38. [1768.

colonies or plantations in America shall be exported from Great Britain, then, and in every such case, the persons exporting the same shall, before the entry thereof, pay unto the collector of the customs of the port where the same shall be exported, or to the chief officer of the customs there, the full sum which is allowed as a premium by this act on all such raw silk as he intends to export, over and above any duty the same is now by law subject to pay at exportation by any former act of parliament.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person, his, her, or their agent or agents, assignee orassigns, shall be found fraudulently to export or load onboard any ship, vessel, or boat, in order to be exported, such raw silk, without paying such premium to the chief officer or collector of the customs, as aforesaid; such person and persons shall forfeit and iofe all such raw (ilk, and doubly the value thereof.

IX. Provided always, That if any doubt or dispute shall arise whether the raw silk, or any part thereof, so to be exported, is of the growth or produce of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, or of foreign growth or produce, the onus pro-bandi shall lie on the owner thereof, or the person claiming the bounty, and not on the informer or prosecutor; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any collector or comptroller of the customs, or naval officer, shall make any false certificate; or if any merohant, trader, factor, or other person, shall make any false oath with regard to the growth of such raw (ilk; or if any master or commander of any ship or vessel shall make any false oath concerning the certificate or package of such raw silk; or if any person or persons shall counterfeit any such certificate as is herein before directed to be made, in order to obtain any premium hereby granted; all and every such person and persons, so offending in any of the cases aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds: and if any such person, so offending, shall be a collector, comptroller, or naval officer, or any other officer of the customs, he shall also forfeit and lose his office, and be incapable of serving his Majesty, his heirs, and successors.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several penalties and forfeitures by this act inflicted, shall and may be prosecuted, determined, and recovered, by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in any of the courts of admiralty in his Majesty's plantations in America respectively, where such penalty or forfeiture shall be incurred; wherein no essoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

All; And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed shall, if incurred in Great Britain* be applied, one moiety to the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety to such person or persons as shall sue for the same; and all such penalties and forfeitures as shall be incurred in his Majesty's

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. C. 39. 231

plantations in America shall be applied, one third part thereof to the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, one third part to the use of the governor of the plantation where the forfeiture shall be incurred, and the remaining third part to such person or persons as shall sue for the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Limitation 9F That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any per- actions. son or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, every such action or suit, if in Great Britain, shall be commenced within six calendar months next after the fad committed r and if in the British colonies or plantations in America, within

eighteen calendar months next* after the fa d committed, and not afterwards; and the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act, and General UTu^ the special matter, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same wasdone in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff; the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and Treble co&fi have the like remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act to permit the free importation of certain raw bides and Jkins from Ireland and the British plantations in America, for a limited time % and for taking off the duties upon seal Jkins tanned or tawed in this kingdom, and for granting another duty in lieu thereof 5 for indemnifying all persons with respect po advising or executing any of his Majestfs orders of council prohibiting the importation of raw hides, horns^and hoofs, of infected cattle; and to authorize the prohibition of the importation of such hides % horns, and hoofs, for the future.

WHEREAS the allowingfor a limited time, the free im- Preamble, portation of certain species of raw hides and Jkins from Ireland and the British colonies or plantations \n America, and the reduction of the duties upon seal Jkins tanned or tawed in this kingdom* may tend to the ease of the public, by reducing the price and encouraging the manufacture of leather in this kingdom 5 be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of June^ Rawhidesand one thousand feveo hundred and sixty nine, no subsidy, custom, skins (rhofeof duty, or other imposition whatsoever, shall be demanded, ^ol-horses cxeeptr Jeded, received, or taken, for or upon any raw or undressed^imporwV

hides duty free

Anno nono Georgi III. c. 40* [1768.

any person or persons is or are by this act made answerable, may and shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at'Westminster^ by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, wager at law, or protection, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

No fee payable XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no fee or for any war- gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid for or upon account of nloney issued any warrant or sum of money which shall be issued in relation in pursuance to, or in pursuance of, this act.

of this act. XVm Provided always^ and be it enacted, That any person Officers on being on half-pay, or being intitled to any allowance, as bav-halt-pay serv- ing fervfed in any or either of the two troops of hdrfe guards, or llt?a1Ilinav reg*ment of hone reduced, and serv^pg in the militia, shall and ceiVe thefub^ may> and he is hereby impowered to receive and take the subsistence mo- fistence-money by this act directed to be paid to captains, lieu-ney payable tenants, or enligns; and the receiving and taking such sublist-to lieutenants erice- money by any such captain, lieutenant, or ensign, shall not oren gns, cjccincj a receiving or taking pay, so as in any manner to prevent such person on half-pay, or being intitled to any such they taking allowance, from receiving his half-pay, or such allowance; and the following such person shall take the following oath before some justice of oadh before a the peace, who is hereby impowered to administer the same;

The oath. T A. B. do swear^That I had not, between the

JL any place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majesty* beftdes my allowance of half-pay a s'a reduced in late regiment of (or

allowance as in late troop of horse guards,

or regiment of horse reduced) save ana except my sub-

ft fence as a lieutenant or ensign, as the case may be, for serving in the militia of the county of

And the taking the said oath shall be sufficient to intitle such person to receive his half-pay, or the said allowance, without taking any other oath; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Receiver ge-

XVIII. And be further enacted by the authority aforefak), nerai upon re- That the receiver general of the land tax, so foot) as he shall receiving a war-xejve a warrant under the hand of the colonel or commanding commanding* °cer of their respective regiments or battalions, certifying the officer, certi- receipt of the ^loathing, and an order from the said colonel or fying the re- commanding officer for the money due on account of the same, cwpt of the payable to the person or persons who furnished the said cloath-an ord^for PaY t*ic ^um mentioned in such order to the person

payment, is to intitled to receive the same; and such warrant and order, toger pay tile same ther with the receipt of the person receiving the said money, accordingly, shall be a Efficient discharge to1 such receiver general. meat! &c!-

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, (hallcease, 3 s, That in case any regiment, battalion, or independant compa-fer diet? is to ny, shall cease and determine, during the continuance of this be paid to the ad, the sum of thrpe shillings per diem shall be paid to fitch per-

' son

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c.41. 243

ion as has actually served as adjutant to such regiment, batta-adjutant from lion, or independent company, from the time such regiment, W*l# battalion, or independant company shall cease, to the twenty770<ar'fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy.

CAP. XLI.

An act for letter securing the duties of customs upon certain.goods removed from the out ports and other places to London; for regulating the fees of the officers of his Majesty's customs in the province of Senegamna in Africa; for allowing to the receivers general of the duties on offices and employments in Scotland, <1 proper compensation for their trouble and expenses; for the better preferoation of hollies, thorns, and quicksets, in forests, chases, and private grounds, and of trees and underwoods in forests and cbaces; and for authorizing the exportation of a Hunted quantity of an inferior fort of barley, called Bigg, from the port of Kirkwall in the tflands of Orkney.

WHEREAS by an act pojfed in the thirteenth and fourteenth preamye

years of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An citing clause*act for preventing frauds and regulating abuses in his Majesty's in act ij & customs; and by several subsequent acts of parliament which are new* Car. % in force, in order to prevent the clandestine importation and running of foreign goods, it is provided and mailed, that no goods, wares, and merchandizes, J.hall be removed in any ship or vessel by sea, from any one port, creek, or member, in this kingdom, to be landed at any other place of this realm, without a sufferance or warrant and other coast dispatch first had and obtained from the officers of his Majesty's customsj which regulations have been found useful and necessary checks ageunft frauds in his Majesty's revenues: and whereas to defeat the good purposes intended by thofrails of parliament, great quantities of foreign goods, which are liable to high duties upon the importation, are.clandestinely run on shore at several of the out ports of this kingdom, and are afterwards removed from thence by land carriage into London, and other parts adjacent thereto, to the great prejudice of the public revenue and the fair trader: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice ana ,

consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in , this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day oi june, one thousandhats, &c. ex-seven hundred and sixty nine, no foreign bast or draw, chip, ceeding one cane, or horsehair hats or bonnets, exceeding in number onedoMn.».dozen; no foreign platting or other foreign manufacture of bast "making* orstraw, chip, cane, or horsehair, proper for making of hats thereof, ex. or bonnets, exceeding in quantity one pound weight avoirdu- ceeding 1 lb. pois; no futcus liquorttice, commonly called Spanish juice, of so- , n°r Spanish reign produce or manufacture, exceeding in quantity twenty" pounds weight; no foreign snuff, exceeding in quantity tenn<Jfnuffiolb. pounds, weight; no Nanquin cloth, muslin, foreign callico, or nor Nar.quin r -6 t ? 6 foreign doth, muslin.

944 Anno nono Georgii Ml. c.41.' £17

callico, or di- foreign dimity, exceeding in quantity one entire piece; and no*P*ece 1 China earthen ware, exceeding in number twelve pieces, if the earthenware Mne ^ave>een imported or seized at any out port in Great »wding , Britain, shall be brought, removed, or carried, either by land or piece* i by water, from any out port or other place whatsoever in Great "^dffr*" Brtta, t* into the port of London, or the members thereof, or to the out ^port* any P^ace whatsoever within the distance of twenty miles from &c. to Lon-the Royal Exchange of London, without a certificate from the col-don, or within ledtor or other proper officer of his Majesty's customs, at the sonule*there-pon or place where such goods were imported or seized, certi-without a cer-y*nS lhat^duties payable upon the importation of such goods tificateofthe have been duly paid and satisfied, or that the said goods haveJ duties being been before compounded for or condemned; which fasts (haltl P"d* be verified by the oath of the importer or proprietor thereof, rc-1

«r that the 1rr*n8to the times when, and the place where, such goods were] good* were entered, condemned, or compounded for; and if such goods condemned i shall have, been imported or-seized within the port of London,he f* to be and sent from thence to any out port for sale, they shall not be oath j on removed as aforesaid from any out port into the port of London, nor if import-or the members thereof, or to any place whatsoever within the > ed or fazed in distance of twenty miles from the Royal Exchange of London, London, and without a certificate from the collector or other proper dffifer of 1 thence for his Majesty's customs, at or nearest to the port or place from.fate to any whence such goods are intended to be removed, certifying that1 out port, may the owner or proprietor of such goods hath made oath before they be re- him that the said goods, and every part thereof, had been sent 5eh*e from to ^uch owner or proprietor from London for sale, in the lawful Londonwith- way trade, referring to the time when, with the name and out, a certifi- residence of the person from whom, such goods were lent; and cate. that such owner or proprietor verily believed the duties payable

upon the importation of such goods had been duly paid and satisfied, or that the said goods had been before compounded for or condemned; and the said respective certificates shall express the quantity and quality of the said goods, with the marks of the package thereof, to what places and to whom the same are consigned, and by what carriage the lame are intended to be removal; and if the said goods are removed by land, the said certificate shall also express and limit the time for which the same shall continue in force.

The oath* and II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-cerdficates to said, That the respective oaths and certificates herein before rest* <lu'red shall be administered and granted by the collector or o-

srantedwith- ,ier ProPer officer of the customs in the manner before directed, out fee. without fed or reward: and if any such bast or straw, chip, cane. If any of the or horsehair hats or bonnets, platting or other manufacture of said commodi-bast, straw, chip, cane, or horsehair, succus liquoritia, snuff, tie* shall be re- Nanquin cloth, muffin, callico, dimity, or China earthen ware, fobnd remov- rcnnove<l as aforesaid, or shall be found removing, from

ing, contrary any ^ch out P°rt or place, in order or with an intent to be to this act, 7 carried into the port of London, or any member thereof, or to any place whatsoever within the distance of twenty miles from

945

1768.] Anno nono Georgi III. c. 41.

the Royal Exchange of London, without such certificate; or if the same shall not agree in all-respects therewith; the goods, to* or diaU not gether with the package thereof, shall he forfeited and lost, and }*

shall and may be seised and prosecuted by any officer or officers Jhecmifiratet of his Majesty's customs; and after condemnation disposed of they are for*and divided in such manner as the like goods may, for any o- feited, &c. ther cause of forfeiture, be seised, prosecuted, disposed of, and divided, by any ad dr acts of parliament now in force. l

III. Pjtgyided always, and it is hereby farther enacted by the Bat the before

authority aforesaid, That nothing herein before contained shall claufet are not extend, or. be construed to extend, to any bast or straw, chip, to

cane, or horsehair hats or bonnets, platting or other manufac- IgoAtm ture of bast, straw, chip, cane, or horsehair, fiucus liqmritiee, we bought in snuff, Nanquin cloth, muffin, callico, dimity, or China earthen a public and ware, which shall have been, bona fide, bought in a public and tar way of fair way of trade in the cities of London or Westminster, or liber- or Weftl ties thereof; and which shall.be removed or removing, by any mjnlkri person or persons, for his, her, or their own necessary use or and which wear, and shall not be intended to be sold or exposed to file, shall be re-

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- use said, That if such bast or straw, chip, cane, or horsehair hats or and not for bonnets, platting or other manufacture of bast, straw, chip, sale. cane, or horsehair, yitatu liquoritia, snuff, Nanquin cloth, muffin, in disputes callico, dimity, or China earthen ware, shall be seized or flop- where any ped, for being removed or for bang found removing as afore-

laid without such certificate, and any doubt or dispute shall a- for being rife whether such goods have or have not been removed, or are removed or or are not removing, contrary to the true intent and meaning of removing this act, the proof thereof shall lie on the owner or claimer of contrary to such goods, and not upon the officer who shall seize or flop such tW proof is to goods. _ lie on the

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- claimant, said, That if any person or persons shall falsely make oath to Penalty of any of the fads herein before required to be sworn, such person tafe swearing or persons shall suffer the like pains and penalties as are incur- j"^"y°f "e red by persons committing wilful and corrupt perjury; and if

any person or persons shall counterfeit, rale, or falsify, any cer- or of counter-tificate required or directed by this act, or shall knowingly or feiting.rasing, willingly make use of any certificate so counterfeited, rased, al- or tered, or falsified, such person or persons shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds; one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety to such person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same in any court of record at Westminster, wherein no ef-foin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

VI. Andy in, order to prevent any&Jputes which'may hereafter arise concerning such fees as the collector of his Majesty's customs, and other officers of the customs in the province of Senegambia in Africa, may be intitled to, for making entries or other huftnefs done by them in

the execution of their employments, be it farther enacted by the authority

*4-6 Anno nono Georgii III. c.41; [176#

Collector and thority aforesaid, That until Rich time as the same shall be other officers thenyife settled by authority of parliament, it shall and may be authorized to* kwfulto and for the said collector and other officers to demand take the same and receive, take and enjoy, such fees as have been received by fees as the the like officers in the island of Barbadoes on or before the first ^kc.°ccr# m day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven 5 jsaroa oes. provided that the fees so taken are not contrary to the express direction of any a A of parliament made in Great Britain; and that the said officers in Senegambia shall, upon the refusal of pay. snent of such fees, have and be intitled to the same remedy for the recovery thereof, as has been heretofore allowed to any collector or other officer of the customs in any of his Majesty«colonies or plantations j any law, bye-law, or other act of council or assembly, made in the said province of Senegambia^ to thei contrary notwithstanding; and, in all cases whatsoever, every Governor and governor or commanding officer in the said province is hereby commanding directed to be aiding and assisting to the said officers in the due offic«r there execution of their offices: and if any officer of his Majesty's ffiid officers in cuoms Senegambia shallexact, require* or receive, any other the execution or greater fees than such as are herein allowed to be taken, he of their duty, shall, for the first offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; One Penalty of ex- mpiety of which penalty shall be to his Majesty, his heirs, and ! acting greater successors, and the other moiety to the person or persons ag-c*grieved thereby, who shall sue for the same in the proper court!

of Senegambia; and for the second offence he shall forfeit his {dace, and be for ever after incapable of executing any office or employment in the customs. I

Clauses in aft

VII. And whereat by an act madtin the fifth year of the reign of \ 5 Geo, 3. Ms present Majesty, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty 1 a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; for applying j certain monies therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty five; for further appropriate i ing the supplies granted iq this session of parliament; for allow* 1 ing to the receivers general of the duties on offices and employ- ments in Scotland a reward for their trouble; and for allowing further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file v affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies

and follicitors\ it was recited, that by an act made in the thirty first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, certain duties were laid upon offices and employments^ and the monies thereby arising, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, were directed to be paid at Edinburgh to such person or persons as the of of the treasury, or the high treasurer of Great Britain for the time being, should confiitute and appoint to be receiver general or receivers thereof for his Majesty's ufey but no provision, had been made, or authority given> for allowing any compensation, jor granting any reward, to such receiver or receivers, for his or their trouble in the receiving the said monies, and in the paying and accounting for the same: and it was therefore enacted % That it should and might be lawful to and for such receiver or receivers to retain, out of the monies which bad been and should be said into his or their hands in

uame

247

768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c.41.

stance of tbt said aili such funi, as a compensation or rewardfor his r their trouble, as his Majesty, his heirs, and fiucessors, should appoint, not exceeding three ptme in the pound: and whereas tbs said dlowance of three pence in the pound is little more than sufficient to lefray the expense of an agent in London, to receive and negotiate be bills by which the monies arising from the aforesaid duty are remited from Edinburgh, and to pay the same into the receipt ofhisMa-efty's exchequer, and also to defray such other small contingent expenses, as muji netejfarify attend the rmfing and aliening thereof; whereby the intention of the before recited act is frustrated, and the bid receiver or receivers bath or have a very inadequate provision or reward for his or their own service in rmfing and tolltiling the find duties: be it therefore enadred by the authority aforesaid, That Addition*! slit shall and may be lawful to and for the receiver or receivers of lowance of the said duty to retain, out of the monies that have been and per ann. shall be paid into his or their hands in pursuance of the before "ad.e tot"e mentioned act of the thirty first year of his late majesty King the ^du- George the Second, over and above the allowance of three pence ties on offices in the pound granted by the before recited act of the fifth year and employ* of his present Majesty, such farther sum as his Majesty, his {"I1*in Scot* heirs and successors, by his or their warrant or warrants, coun- 311*terfigned by the high treasurer, or any thtee or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, shall appoint, not exceeding one hundred pounds per annum, as & compensation or reward for his or their trouble.

VIII. And whereas by an aS made in the sixth year of his present Clausein act Mqjeflfs reign, intituled, An act for the better preservation rtf 6 Geo.3. roots, shrubs, and plants, it was, amongst other things, enacted,

That all and every ptrfon and pbrfons who, from and after the twenty fourth day ^'June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, should go into the woods, underwoods, or wood grounds', of arfy of his Majesty's subjeHs, not. being the lawful owner or owners' thereof, and should there cut, lop, top or spoil, split down or damage, or otherwise destroy any kind of wood or underwood, poles, JHebs of wood, green Jbrub, or young trees, or carry or convey away the same; or should have in his, her, or their custody, any kind of wood, underwood, poles, flicks of wood, green ftubs, or young trees, and should not give a satisfaHory account how be, foe, or they, came by the same, and should be thereofconviHed before any one or more of his Majesty s jufliees of the peace, on the oath of one or more credible witness or wit-russes, should, for the first offence, forfeit and pay immediately on con-vtilion, any sum not exceeding the sum of forty Shillings, together with the charges previous to and attending fitch conviction, to be ascertained by the said justict or jufliees who should conviil the offender or offenders; and if any perfion orpersonsfbould commit any of the offences aforesaid a fecona time, and should be thereof again conviHed in manner aforesaid, be, foe, or they should forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding the sum of five pounds, together with the charges previous to and attending such conviction, to be ascertained as aforesaid', and if any person or persons should commit any of the offences aforesaid a third time, that then, such person or persons, being duly coaviiled thereof

according

248 Anno nono GsoROli'III. c. 4i« £ 1 y62.

according to law, shouli be deemed and adjudged an incorrigible rogue or rogues, and should be punished as such: and whereas great destruction bath of late been made of hollies, thorns, and quicksets, growing upon his Majesty's forests and tbajes toitbin this kingdom, ter the great prejudice of his Majesty's deer, and other game therein; and ezlfo of hollies, thorns, and quicksets, growing in tjte woods and wood grounds of his Majesty's subjects: for the better preventing such evil proffices and abuses for the future, be it' enacted by the authority aforesaid, The recited That from and after the first day of Judy, one thousand seven dause, and all hundred and sixty nine, the said clause in the said act made in! &c. thereby*' of his present Majesty's reign, and all and every

inflicted, &c. the penalties, forfeitures, and punishments, thereby inflicted, are extended and all other provisions, clauses, matters, and things, relating "i^hSlvia'd W thereto, shall extend, and be deemed, taken, and construed to fiy*s foiefla*oKtod* and QiaU be applied and put in execution, in relation and chaces 1 to all his Majesty's forests and chafes within this realm; and to and topersons all and every person or personS who shall, without legal right or destroyfag, or authority, by night or day, cut down, destroy, take, carry, or convey away, any1 hollies, thorns, or quicksets, growing or be-thoms, or' ing upon any of his Majesty's said fotefts or chases, or within quicksets, fcc. the wood or wood grounds of any of his Majesty's subjects; or and to persons who shall have in' his, her, or their, custody or possession any such in their follies, thorns, or quicksets, and shall not give a satisfac-

custody, for tory account how he, she, or th$y, came by the same, and (hall! which they be thereof convicted before any one or more of his Majesty's ju- cannot satis- fUces of the peace in the manner prescribed and directed by the I Munt^aC*^a<^* and such justice or justices is or are hereby authorized I to administer oaths, and proceed in the like manner for the; conviction and punishment of every offender in the premisses, as fully and fcffe&ually to all intents 'and purposes as if the several provisions in the said act had been particularly repeated and applied to the offences herein before specified.

Conviction of

IX. And be it further enacted by the ^authority aforesaid, 1° That the conviction arid convictions of all and every offender the general to and offenders against this act, shall be certified by the justice or quarter felEon. justices of the peace, before whom the same shall be made, to the next general quarter sessions of the peace, to be filed amongst the records of the said sessions; and that such conviction shall be fairly written on parchment or paper in the following form of words (as the case shall happen) or in any other form of words to the tike effedlj that is to say.

To

Anno nono GEORGII III. c.42. 449

*Xo wit. 1>E it remembered., that on. the day Form of the

of in the year A., B. was conviibon.

upon the complaint of C. D. convicted before of the

fujlices of the peace for in purfuanct of an act

passed in the ninth year of the reign of his meqefty King George the Third, for (as the case shall be).

Given under hand and seal the day and year above

written.

Which said conviction shall be good and effectual in law to all intents and purposes; and shall not be quallied, let aside, or ad. Not liable to judged void or insufficient, for want of any form or words what- be quallied, or soever, nor to be liable to be removed by Qertiorari into his Ma- remo?ec'* jelly's court of King's Bench, but shall be deemed and taken to be final to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

<000 of

growth of

which from its inferior quality is altogether unfit for any houshold uses; the Serof and if not permitted to be exported to Portugal and other places for the Orkney,

feeding of mules and horses (the only use this species of grain is fit for) will be entirely loft to the owners5 for remedy whereof, be it enacted by. the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, by order or orders to be ipade in council for tint purpose, under such.limitations and re-.

(trillions as shall be expressed in such order or orders, to permit flowed to be and authcrize the exportation of any quantity or quantities of ^nu^?_er such barley or bigg, not exceeding five thousand quarters, of the ftri&ioni, " growth or the islands of Orkney, from t|ie port of Kirkwall to the from the port kingdom of Portugal, or elsewhere; any law or Statute to the of Kirkwall to contrary notwithstanding. Portugal;

XI. Provided nevertheless, That no bounty or allowance boun-whatsoever shall be granted or paid in respect of such barley or zi iLenunonZ bigg to be exported as aforesaid.

CAP. XUI.

An act for explaining, amending, and continuing cm act made in the second year of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the several laws now in being, relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS a well regulated militia is of the utmost importance to the internal defence of this country: and whereas the laws now in forte for the training and reguhting the militia, which are by experience found to be useful and beneficial, are near expiring: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That an act passed in the second year of so much of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to explain, amend, and the fieyeral^reduce into one act of parliament) the several laws now in being* re- of*Gea3.

lating

t Geo. 3,

5 Geo. 3,

auad another act of sGeO.;

f Geo. 3*

7 Geo.

and another of 7 Geo. 3« as are now respectively in force, and not hereby repealed,

are made perpetual.

Anno nono Georgii III. C$41'.

fating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Gvtzt Britain called England, or so much of the said act as is now in force, and not herein dr hereby repealed; and also an act passed in the fourth year of the said reign, intituled, An act to explain and amend an act passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty> intituled, An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the several laws now in being, relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England, or so much of the said act as is now in force, and not herein or hereby repealed; and also so much of an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for applying the money granted in this session of parliament, for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part y Great Britain called England for oneyear, be* ginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five; and for punishing militia men neglecting their duty, as is now in force, and not herein or hereby repealed; and also 1 so much of an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to explain, amende and enforce, the several laws now in being, relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England, as is now in force, and not herein or hereby repealed; and also so much of an act passed in the sixth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for applying the money granted in this session of parliament, for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia of that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty fifthday i^March, one thousand seven hundred and sixtyfix; and for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual Jeve- ral acts. of parliament passed in the second, fourth, and fifth years of the reign of his present Majesty, relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England, as.is now in force, and not herein or hereby repealed; and also so much of an act made the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for giving further time to his Majestfs lieu- tenants, deputy lieutenants, justices, and clerks of the peace, and others, for carrying into execution certain parts of an act passed in the loft session, for pay and cloathing of the militia 5 and for indemnifying fitch lieutenants and clerks of the peace, and others, who have neg- lested to carry fitch parts of the said act into execution, a* may be now in force, and also so much of one other act, passed in the seventh year of the said reign, inituled. An act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for bne year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven; for the more effectual punishing serjeants, drummers, and fifers, for misbehaviour and desertion, and for securing deserters from the litia regiments', and for explaining and amending so much of an act passed in the last session of parliament as relates to the inlisting mili- tia men into his majeslfs other forces, as is now in force, and not herein and hereby repealed, (all which acts, or parts or clauses of acts, are now near expiring) shall be and are hereby made perpetual.

1?68.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 42. 251

II. And whereas the qualifications of deputy lieutenants and officers

serving in the militia* directed and required in and by the a ft of the second year of his prtfimt Majesty's reign, bath been found inconvenient and detrimental to the fervke* by rendering it difficult to obtain a sufficient number of deputy lieutenants to act in the execution of the laws relating to the militia* and of fubaltem officers to the several corps of militia now raised: and whereas it would be of great advantage to that fervid* if the qualifications required by the said act for deputy lieutenants and subaltern officers were lessened, and the qualifications required for the superior officers were increasedy so as thereby to give to the public/* on the whole, a greater security; be it therefore enacted* That so much of thefaidjad of the second Repeal of Co year of his present Majesty's reign* as requires and directs the much of aa qualification of deputy lieutenants and officers serving in the*Geo. 3. as militia* and the register of such qualifications* and the several ^Hficat^n matters and things relating the reto* shall be* and the same is dcp^lieute-hereby declared to be* repealed. nants and

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the pass- officers, and tng of this act, each person so to be appointed a deputy lieute- the/cg^c* of nant* shall be seised or possessed* either in law or equity, for cations^ his own use and benefit* in possession of a freehold* copyhold* Qualification, or customary estate* for life* or for some greater estate* or of upon the pre- an estate for some long term of years* determinable in one or Cent establish-more life or lives* in manors* messuages* lands* tenements* or went, ot a hereditaments* in England, Wales, or the town of Berwick up- ieute- on Tweedy of the yearly value of two hundred pounds; or shall

be heir apparent of some person who shall be* in like manner* seised or possessed of a like estate* as aforesaid* of the yearly value of four hundred pounds: and each person so to be appoint- Colonel* ed a colonel* shall be* in like manner* seised or possessed of a like estate* as aforesaid* of the yearly value of one thousand pounds; or shall be heir apparent to some person who shall be* in like manner* seised or possessed of a like estate, as aforesaid* of the yearly value of two thousand pounds: and each person so to be appointed a lieutenant colonel* shall be* in like man- Lieutenant ner* seised of a like estate* as aforesaid* of the yearly value of colonel, six hundred pounds; or shall be heir apparent of some person who shall be* in like manner* seised or possessed of a like estate* as aforesaid* of the yearly value of one thousand two hundred pounds: and each person so to be appointed a major* or a cap- Major> tain* shall be* in like manner* seised or possessed of a like estate, captain, as aforesaid* of the yearly value of two hundred pounds; or shall be heir apparent of some person who shall be* in like manner* seised or possessed.of a like estate* as aforesaid* of the yearly value of four hundred pounds; or shall be a younger son of some person who shall be, or, at the time of his death* was* in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate* as aforesaid* of the yearly value of six hundred pounds: and that each person so to be appointed lieutenant* shall be* in like manner* seised or pof- Lieutenant*, sessed of a like; estate, as aforesaid* of the yearly value of fifty pounds; or shall be possessed of a personal estate alone to the amount

*5. Anno nono GEORGII III. c.4^ [1768.

of one thousand pounds, or seised or possessed of real and personal estate together to the amount or value of two thousand pounds; or shall be Ton of Tome person who shall be, or, at the time of his death, was, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one hundred pounds; or who shall be, or who, at the time of his deaths was, possessed of a personal estate alone to the amount of two thousand pounds, or seised or possessed of real and personal estate together to the amount or value of three thousand pounds: and that and ensign 1 each person so to be appointed an ensign, shall be, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly, value of twenty pounds; or shall be possessed of a personal estate alone to the amount of five hundred pounds, or seised or possessed of real and personal estate together to the amount or value of ooe thousand pounds; or shall be son of some person who shall be, or, at the time of his death, was, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of fifty pounds; or who shall be, or who, at the tjme of his death, was, possessed of a personal estate alone to the amount of one thousand pounds, or seised or possessed of real and perfect moiety of na^ efote together, to the amount or value of one thousand five the estates rc* hundred pounds: one moiety of which said estates, required as qnired as qua- qualifications for each deputy lieutenant, colonel, lieutenant co-lirtcations to ]onel, major, or captain respectively, shall be situate or arising arising^thhi Wll^*n such respective county, riding, or division, in which be the county, shall be appointed to serve.

Qualifications IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, for the pur-ecjuivalent to poses of the respective qualifications required by this act, the an estate of immediate reverfion or remainder of and in manors, messuages, tenemenls> or hereditaments, which are leased for one portion!11 Pf° or^two or t^ree l*ves» or for any term of years determinable upon the death of one life, or of two or three lives, on reserved rents, and which are, to the lessee or lessees, of the clear yearly value of three hundred pounds, shall be deemed equal to an estate herein before described as a qualification of the yearly value of one hundred pounds, and so in proportion, be the said qualification of a greater or less degree.

Other equiva. V. And be it enacted, That a person possessed, either in law.lent qualifies- or equity, for his own use and benefit, m possession of an estate tiens for dep. for a certain term, originally granted for twenty years, or more, and^fficers. an annua^ vaIuc» over and above all rents and charges payable out of, or in respect of, the same, equal to the value of such an estate as is required for the qualification of a deputy lieutenant and commission officer of the militia respectively, and situate as aforesaid, shall be, and i$ hereby deemed and declared to be, duly and sufficiently qualified to act and serve under such respective commission.

Number ofd.

VI. And be it enacted, That in the several counties of Cum-lieutenants, far/anjy Huntingdon, Monmouth, Westmorlani^ and Rutland> ami

the°new efta°- cvcry county and place in the dominion of Wales respectively, biifoment, for there shall be five or more deputy lieutenants appointed (if so

4 many

1j68.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 42. 253

many persons qualified as herein after expressed can be therein the counties found) and the estate* requisite for the qualification of the re- «of spective deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia therein, don Mon-"* shall be as follows; that is to say, a deputy lieutenant shall be, mouth, West-in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate, as aforesaid, of roorland, Rut-the yearly value of one hundred and fifty pounds; or shall be an<* heir apparent to a person, who shall be, in like manner, seised Qualification or possessed of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of oK dep. lieu-three hundred pounds: a colonel shall be, in like manner, seised tenant for / or possessed of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of Hwfe counties, six hundred pounds; or shall be heir apparent of a person who 0 a co on*shall be, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate, as a, -foresaid, of the yearly value of one thousand two hundred pounds: a lieutenant colonel, or major commandant, shall be. Lieutenant*in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate, as aforesaid, colonel, of the yearly value of four hundred pounds$ or shall be heir apparent of a person who shall be, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of eight hundred pounds: a major or captain shall be, in like manner, Ma- or seised or possessed of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly captain, value of one hundred and fifty pounds; or shall be son of a person who shall be, or, at the time of his death, was, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the

yearly value of three hundred pounds: a lieutenant shall be, in Lieutenant, like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of thirty pounds; or who shall be possessed of a personal estate alone, to the amount of six hundred pounds; or seised.or possessed of real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of one thousand two hundred pounds; or shall be the son of a person who shall be, or, at the time of his death, was, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of sixty pounds; or who shall be, or who, at the time of his death, was, possessed of a personal estate alone, to the amount of one thousand two hundred pounds; or seised or possessed of real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of two thousand four hundred pounds: an ensign shall be, in like manner, seised or possessed an(j cufign 1 of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of twenty pounds; or who shall be possessed of a personal estate alone, to the amount of three hundred pounds; or seised or possessed of real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of six hundred pounds5 or shall be the son of a person who shall be, or, at the time of his death, wa9, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of thirty, pounds; or who shall be, or who, at the time of his death, was, possessed of a personal estate alone, to the amount of six hundred pounds; or seised or possessed of real and personal estate A moiety of together, to the amount or value of one thousand two hundred «beir qualifies-pounds: one half of all which respective estates (except those fi^teto or for the qualifications of lieutenants and ensigns) shall be situate arising within or anting within such respective county or riding in which such their respec-officers Stall be respe^ively appointed to few. countiei*

i x Pro-

is to be made up of persons ot in inferior qualification.

Qualification requisite for ttieifleof Ely and Cambridge, viz. for adep. lieutenant.

254 Anno nono Georgii III. C.42. [1768.

Where0 per- VU. Provided always, That in such counties where twenty font qualified persons cannot be found qualified as aforesaid, and willing to ad Haandepf° as <*ePuty lieutenants, it may and shall be lawful for his Maje-Keotenants fty*s lieutenant of any such county, and he is hereby required, can't be found, after having appointed fb many persons as can be found qualified as aforesaid, to appoint such number of persons to be deputy lieutenants as shall be requisite to make up the number twen-7* who shall respectively be seised or possessed of a like estate of the yearly value of one hundred pounds, and situate as aforesaid; and every such person shall be, and is hereby deemed and declared to be, ddly and sufficiently qualified to ad and (carve under such respective commissions.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the estates requisite for the qualification of the deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia in the isle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge, shall be as follows; a deputy lieutenant (half be seised or possessed of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one hundred and fifty pounds; or shall be heir apparent of same person who shall be, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of three hundred pounds: a captain shall be, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one hundred pounds; or shall be heir apparent of a person who shall be, in like manner, (eif-ed or possessed of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds; or shall be a younger son of some person who shall be, or, at the time of his death, was, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of three hundred pounds: a lieutenant shall be, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of thirty pounds; or shall be possessed of a personal estate to the amount of six hundred pounds; or shall be son of some person who shall be, or, at the time or his death, was, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of sixty pounds; or who shall be, or, at the time of his death, was, possessed of a personal estate to the a-and ensign s motmt of one thousand two hundred pounds: an ensign shall be, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate, as aforesaid, of theyearly value of twenty pounds; or shall be possessed of a personal estate to the amount of three hundred pounds; or shall be the son of some person who shall be, or, or at the time of his death, was, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of thirty pounds; or who

__________r shall be, or, at the time of his death, was, possessed of a perfo-

of iicuteoants nal estate to the amount of six hundred pounds: one half of all and eniigns) which estates (except those for the qualifications of lieutenants to befimatem and ensigns) shall be situate or arising within the said ide of Ely, bridge. or some other part of the county of Cambridge.*.

Number of IX. And be it enacted, That in all cities or towns which am deputy licute- counties within themselves, and have heretofore been empow-nants for such ered, by law or ancient usage, to raise and train a separate mili-cifie' and tja wjtjl<in the; r several precincts and liberties, and which are

Lieutenant,

A moiety of the qualifications (except

cities and towns as arc

1?6S.] Anno nono Georgii III. 0.42. 255

united with, and made part of, any county or counties for the counties with-purposes of raising the militia only; his Majesty's lieutenant such cities or towns, or, where there is no lieutenant ap-tobe appokit-pointed by his Majesty, the chief magistrate of such city or town, ed.

shall appoint five or more deputy lieutenants (if so many persons qualified as is hereinafter exprefledcan therein be found) and shall also appoint officers of the militia, whose number and rank shall be proportionable to the number of militia men which such city or town shall raise as their quotay towards the militia of the county to which such city or town is qnited for the purposes aforesaid; the qualification of which officers respectively shall be as is hereinafter mentioned; and all powers and provisions made by this powers and act, with refoedt to counties at large, and the militia thereof, provisions of and the registering the qualifications of deputy lieutenants andthis&»with officers, shall take place and be in force with respect to the said cS^es at cities and towns, and the militia thereof, and the registering the ia, ge, and the said qualifications: and the value of the respective qualifications militia thereof the deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia of such cities ofite-extend-or towns shall be as follows; every deputy lieutenant shall be and* fcifed or possessed of a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly va- towns s lue of one hundred'and fifty pounds; or shall be possessed of a personal estate alone, or seised or possessed of real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of three thousand pounds: and every field officer shall respectively be seised or possessed of a <*, aKfication like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of three hundred oflhe deputy > pounds; or shall be possessed of a personal estate alone, or fejf-lieutenjuits ed or possessed of real and personal estate together, to the amount thcrco*» or value of five thousand pounds; and the qualification of a captain shall be a like estate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of ana of the one hundred and fifty pounds, in manors, messuages, lands, field officers* tenements, or hereditaments, or personal estate alone, or seised or possessed of real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of two thousand five hundred pounds: and the qualification of a lieutenant shall be a like estate, as aforesaid, of the c.yearly value of thirty pounds, in manors, messuages, lands, tene- Lieutenants ments, or hereditaments, or personal estate alone, to the a- and ensigns' jnount or value of seven hundred and fifty pounds: and the A moiety of qualification of an ensign shall be a like estate, % as aforesaid, of their qualifi-the yearly value of twenty pounds, in manors; messuages, lands, cation* («-tenements, or hereditaments, or personal estate alone, to the nam^and enr amount or value of four hundred pounds: one half of all which signs) to be real estates respectively (except those for the qualification offituated in lieutenant and ensign*; shall be situate or arising within such ci- such cilies ty or town, or within the county at large to which such city or town is united for the purposes aforesaid. large/

X. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contain- Adjutants ed in respect to the qualification of lieutenants and ensigns of though ap-the militia shall extend, or be construed to extend, to such per- pointed lieu-son as shall be appointed an adjutant of any regiment or batta- tena^nu or^cn-lion of militia, and shall also be appointed a lieutenant or ensign out of in such regiment or battalion; but that it shall and may be law- the general

j ful qualification.

£$5 Anno nono Georgii III. C. 42; <[1768.

ful for his Majesty's lieutenant, in and for any county or place, to give to such person appointed an adjutant, a commission of a lieutenant, or an ensign, although such person hath not the qualification for such commission as is herein directed and required.

The present XL Provided always, and be it enacted, That the several qualifications qualifications herein above directed, shall not extend, 'or be con-

to extend, to any person who is now actually ferviftg as to officers now l i t .*

actually serv. an officer in the trnhtia of this kingdom; but that every such

ing in the person, being duly qualified, as'ih and Jby the former laws relat-imiitia; ing to the militia is directed and required, shall and may continue to ferveJn the militia of this kingdom, in such rank only in which he now serves, although not qualified as herein before is directed.

nor to deputy XII. And be it enacted, That the qualifications above direct-

lieutenants ed to enable any person to be a deputy lieutenant Colonel, lieu-and officers tenant colonel, major, captain, or lieutenant, shall not extend

tothe10 comm, ons as shall granted by his Majesty's con-

bleof the tow- ^ble of the tower, or lieutenant of the ttrpuer hamlets. er, or lieute- XIII. And be it enacted, That no deputy lieutenant, or icom-nant of the million officer in the militia, who shall not have delivered in a

tower hamlets qualification as required by any of the former acts relating to the Persons who militia, shall act as such. until he shall have left with the clerk have not deh- of^peace of the county, riding, division, or place, in and* for qualification^hich he shall be so appointed, his qualifications, in writing, pursuant to signed by himself; and such clerk of the peace is hereby required former acts, to enter the same upon a roll to be kept for that purpose; and ate difquah- shall, in the month of January in every year, transmit to one of in* JnThey ^is Majesty's principal secretaries of state, a compleat account of comply. the qualifications fp left, or to be left, with him; and the said Ciei k of the secretaries of state, receiving such accounts, shall cause copies peace to trans- thereof to be annually laid before both houses of parliament: mit to one of anc} every deputy lieutenant and commission officer, not hav-t^e ing already taken and subscribed the oaths, and made, repeated,

an#annt.ai ac- a^d subscribed, the declaration as required by the former acts count of the relating to the militia, shall, at some general quarter sections, qualifications or in one of his Majesty's Courts of record zx Westminster, with-enrolleduh jn gx months after he shall have accepted his commissionj take him: the oaths; n anj by an passed in the first year of thie reign of

Sfbefore*his majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for the fur-parliament. ^?er JeCUrify of his Majesty's person and government, and the succes

Time limited flQn tf fP€ crownn tf)e ^rs of the late prince fs Sophia being protein dep. lieu- fonts \ and for extinguishing the hopes of the pretended prince of tenants and Wales, and his open and secret abettors; and also thfe oath in and officers, who by an passed in the sixth year of the reign of his present Ma* it? to take^he Je^y» intituled, An act for altering the oath of abjuration and the oaths, &c. assurance, and for amending so much of an act of the seventh year of Act 1 Geo. 1. her late Majesty fpueen Anne, intituled, An act for the improve-and 6 Geo. 3. ment and the union of the two kingdoms, as, after the time therein limited, requires the delivery of certain lijls or copies therein mentioned to persons indicted of high treason or mtfprifton of treason,

uppoinh

*57

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. e. 42.

appointed to be taken 3 and shall also make, repeat, and sub-fcnbe, the declaration, in the said act of the first of King George the First, directed to be made, repeated, and subscribed, by all officers civil and military.

XIV. And be it enacted, That if any person shall execute001. penalty any of the powers hereby conferred on deputy lieutenants, co- on d. licuta* lonels, lieutenant colonels, or majors, not being qualified as aforesaid; or shall not deliver in such qualification; and take , °t £ " the oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe, the declaration a- ing qualified 3 foresaid, as is herein before required; every such person shall or not deliver-forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds: and if any of

the persons shall execute any of the powers hereby conferred on^r not taking1 captains, lieutenants, or ensigns, (not being qualified as afore- the oaths, &c. said) and shall not deliver in such qualification, and take the and 100 l.on oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe, the declaration afore- captains, said, as is herein before required, every such person shall for- and feit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds; such fevlral pe- cnfign8i nalties to be recovered by ^ftion of debt, bill, plaint, or infor- to be recover-mation, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no eUoin, wager of law, or protection, or more than 01 dc9one imparlance, shall be allowed; one moiety whereof shall go to the use of the person who shall sue for the same, and the other moiety to the uses herein after directed.

XV. And be it enacted, That in every action, suit, or in- ProoF of qua-formation, brought against any person for acting as deputy lieu- location to lie tenant, colonel, lieutenant colonel, major, captain, lieutenant, pc"on or ensign, not being qualified as herein before is directed, the

proof of his qualification shall lie upon the person against whom 1

the same is brought.

XVI. Provided always, and oe it enacted, That nothing in Peers, or this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to heirs appa-restrain his Majesty's lieutenant of any county, riding, division, relit of peers, or place, from appointing any peer of this realm, or heir ap- capable of ^e-parent of any such peer, to be a deputy lieutenant, or a com- d^jieut^or* million officer in the militia, within the county, riding, division, officers, with-or place, wherein such peer, or heir apparent of such peer, shall out delivering respectively have some place of residence; or to oblige any peer the?r <lua^ of this realm, or heir apparent of such peer (so appointed p de- 0311011 i puty lieutenant or commission officer respectively) to leave with

the clerk of the peace for the county, riding, division, or place,

for which he shall be appointed, any qualification in writing as aforesaid 5 but it shall be lawful for every peer of this realm, or only taking heir apparent of such peer, so appointed, and taking the oaths, the oathi> &c and making, repeating, and subscribing the declaration aforesaid, to act as a deputy lieutenant or commission officer respectively, although he shall not be seised or possessed of any such estate in manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as is required by this act.

XVII. And whereas by an act made in the fetondyear of his pre- Recital of sent Mojeftfs reign, intituled, An act to explain, amend, and clauses in aft reduce into one act of parliament, the several laws now in being, Geo.^and

p

ajC Anno nono Georgii in c. 42; [1768.

relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England* it is enacted* That in all coomties and places where tie militia shall not have hen raised in purfomce of the former act relating the reto* and where it should net be raised in pursuance of the said act* the Jim of five pounds should h artmsally paid in lieu of every private man to oe raised with* the fi*me\ and that the justsces of the peace* at the general quarter femons* Jbcsdd rate ana assess on such county or place the said fim of five posends per man* and levy and colic& the same in the same manner* in all respects* as the county rates are* by an act of the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King Georg? the Second* or any other act or acts of parliament* to be raised* aJfeJJed* collected* levied* paid* and accounted for; and that the said rates and suns so raised* collected* and levied* should be paid by the treasurer ef such county to the receiver general thereof* whole receipt should h a fuffiaent discharge for such payment: and whereas by several other acts relating to the militia* passed in the fourth* fifth* and sixth years of his present MqfeJlfs reign* 'divers provisions are made* and powers and directions are given* for raising the said sum of five pounds per man* within all such counties and places wherein the militia bad not been raised* or should not be raised* and for enforcing the payment thereof: and whereas* notwithstanding the directions contained in the said several acts* several of the counties within that part of Great Britain called England have neither raised any militia* nor paid the said five pounds per man per annum, according to the directions of the said several acts; whereby they avoid contributing to the support of government with such counties as have raised and trained the mi-ntia in compliance with the directions of the said act: and whereas it is just and reasonable* that all his Majesfs subjects should contribute equally to the support of his Jldajejlys government* and the de-Repeal of so f* kingdoms: be it therefore enacted by the authority

much of the aforesaid. That so much of the said several in part recited acts recited acts as as relates to the raising of the said sum and sums of five pounds relates to the p# aran, within all such counties and places wherein the mili-Jran where*a ^ath not>een ra, ^» or'Should not be raised, and to the en-the militia has forcing the payment thereof, shall be, and the same is hereby not been rai£ declared to be, repealed.

ed, See. XVIII. And be it enacted, That his Majesty's lieutenant.

Where the or three deputy lieutenants, for every county or place within militia has that part of Great Britain called England* where the militia has bewailed, a been or shall be raised, shall yearly, and every year, on or be-yearly return fore the twenty fifth day of December* certify to the clerk of > thereof is to the peace of every county or place respectively, that the militia beeertified by of such county or place bath been raised, and when, and at tothecierkof w^at tlmes t^e same was first raised, the names, number, and the peaces rank of officers, and the number of private men of the tnili-tia in the year when such certificate is made, and the respective times of such militia been trained and exercised in the year in which is to be which such certificate is made; which certificate shall, by the delivered by c]erk of the peace who shall receive the same, be delivered to nwurtneral justice* of the peace at their general quarter sessions to be*held

i^68/] Anno.ftoqo Georgii III. c.42; 2$9

held next after the twenty fifth day of December in every year, gnarter fef-on the day on which such sessions shall be opened, and (nail file the same amongst the records of such sessions, so that the true thea* date of the militia in each county may appear. records

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in every But where no

county^ and place, wherein no such certificate from his Majesty's such return lieutenant, or three deputy lieutenants, shall be delivered to the|*e

clerk of the peace, as aforesaid* that die clerk of the peace of^every such county or place shall, and is hereby required, at the certify such general quarter (effiohs of the peace to be held next after the omission ao twenty fifth day of December in every year, to certify under his cordingly, hand and seal, to the justices of the peace so assembled at their

said general quarter sessions, on the day such sessions shall be opened, that he hath not received froms his Majesty's lieutenant of the said county or place, or any tfiree deputy lieutenants thereof, any such certificate as is herein before directed to be by them made; and such clerk of the peace is hereby directed to and file the file (bch certificate amongst the records of such sessions. fanic*

XX. And be it enacted, That in all counties and places* Where the where the militia shall not be raised, the sum of five pounds militia shall shall be annually paid, for and in, lieu of every private militia not be raised, man directed to be raised within the same; and that in every

county and place where no such certificate shall be made by his paid in lieu Majesty's lieutenant, or three deputy lieutenants, in manner thereof; herein before directed, and the same shall be certified by the and so .^hef* clerk of the peace as aforesaid, the justices of the peace of every e

such county or place shall and they are hereby required, at their the quarter said general quarter sessions of the peace to be held next after sessions are to the twenty fifth day of December in every year, to rate and assess nte thecoun-the sum of five pounds, prr man upon such county or place, ac"

in such and the same manner, and according to such and the same proportions upon every town, parish, and place, within each respective county and place, and to be levied, collected, received, and paid, and to be accounted for in such manner, and by such means, with such powers of distress, and other re- Power of le-medies for enforcing the collection and payment thereof, and for vying, kc. the

Smnifliing all persons whose dnty it shall be to collect or 'Account ^mc* or the lame, and shall make default therein, as the county rates have been usually, or may, by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An act for the easy assessing, colle Stingy and levying, of county rates, or by any other act or acts of parliament, be atieffect, collected, received, levied, paid^ and accounted for, within the said county,

XXI. Provided always, That every person, being duly qua- officer* who lified according to the directions of this act, who shall have have fen^d 4 served as an officer in any corps of militia raised within the years; or who Kingdom for the space 6f four years; or who shall be actually malLbe adu-serving as an officer in any corps of militia; or who shall offer Qr^allV^r himself, by writing under his hand, in manner as in and by the fe^t, said in part recited act of the second year of his present Msyefty fc dfreded required, to ferye as ap officer in the militia of any

coupty.

200 Anno nono Georgii III. [1768.

county, riding, or placed where the tniBtia hath not been raised, or shall not be raised, and shall be heady and willing to serve lire exempted when required hvany rank for which he is duly qualified, shall from paying not be liable to pay any part or share of such rate or assessment, (STratVor ^or ra^ln8 ^um P°urtds nfan, herein above di-

beingcharged reeled to be raised; nor shall such pefrfon, or any of his lands, thereto. tenements, and hereditaments, wheresoever situated, be assessed or charged thereto; and the deficiency thereby occasioned, in raising the whole amount of such sum or Aims of five pounds*per man on such county, riding, or place, as is hereby directed

and required to fie raised, shall, in such case, be allowed to such Allowance to county, riding, or place, by deducing the amount of the sums be made ac- which otherwise would have been charged and assessed on such cordingly in person or persons having served, or serving or offering to serve, the rates for as aforesaid^ or on his or their lands, tenements, or heredita-uc perons. ment$^ from t^e gross amount of the sum or sums of five

pounds per man herein before directed to be raised on such county, riding, or place, which shall not have raised the militia, or which shall not continue to raise the militia, pursuant to the acts in 'this case made and provided, ftnt persons XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every per-claiming such (on who shall claim to hive the benefit of such exemption from exemption, such rate and assessment, as aforefa'id, shall file a certificate, as wrcerfificates herein a^ter , s mentioned, of such service, or of his having of-adth the clerk fered to serve, as the case may be, with the clerk of the peace of the peace, for the county or place wherein such person shall claim to have deliver such exemption; and shall also deliver in to such clerk of the tenants and* Peace»' from time to time as may be necessary, a roll or lift, formers, ligned by such person claiming such exemption, of his tenants which is to be and farmers, and the places of their abode; which certificate, filed; and roll or lift, every such clerk of the peace shall, and he is

fng the rates hereby required forthwith to file amongst the records of session;

the names of a°d whenever any rate or assessment is or shall be ordered to be the said per- Taised, levied, or collected, within any county or place for the fomare to be purposes of raising the sum of five pounds per man, as by this treasurerxnd6 a<^ ls directed, such clerk of the peace shall, and is hereby re-l^igh confta- quired to ceftlfy to the treasurer or treasurers, and high con-ble, (tables, of every such county or place, the names of all such

persons who shall have so filed such certificates, and claimed such exemption, and the names of their tenants and farmers so who are to inserted in such roll or lift; and such treasurer of treasurers, tranimit the md high fconstables, is and are hereby required to transmit such roH UTl!e pet-cert^cate» an(* ro* or hft» to the petty constable of each town-ty constable, ship or place wherein the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of such person claiming to be exempted, are situate and lay; that they may in order that such person or persons as are intitled thereto, and bc ex*mP?ed his and their lands, tenements, and hereditaments, shall not be accoi ingty. or charged to such rate or assessment.

Certificates of

XXIII. And be it enacted, That every lieutenant of any delivered to county or P^ace and he is hereby required to give, without officer^ ia or- delay, unto every person who shall have served as an officer in

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. 0* 44. Jtt6i

the militia for the term of four years, or who shall be actually der to their serving as an officer in any corps Of tnilitia, and who shall re- exemption, quest the same, a certificate thereof, as the case may be, and as many certificates as such person may desire, in order to exempt him and his lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as aforesaid; and every such lieutenant, or every justice of the and &Ho to peace, chief magistrate, and other person or persons, to whom those quali-any person or persons so qualified, as aforesaid, shall offer, as f^dand offer-aforesaid, to serve as an officer in the militia, shall, and he and lnSt0 serve* they are hereby required to give, without delay, in like manner, a certificate thereof, or as many certificates thereof as'shall be requisite for the purposes aforesaid.

XXIV. Provided also, That the rates Or assessments which The rates to shall be made in pursuance of this act, shall be made, afleffect, bc rjifjd fcP*; levied, collected, received, and paid, separately and distintfHy ^hcr comnty1 from all the other rates assessed and raised upon and within the ratcg# y said county; any thing in the said act made in the twelfth year of his late Majesty's reign, or any other act or acts of parliament, or any custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, How the pa-That the several and respective parochial Officers, or other per7 rochial rates fons, who shall pay, or be liable to pay, the rates or assessments casion are* which shall be made and rated for the purposes of this act, up-^tekviecT, on any parish, town, and place, and also all such parochial of- fcc.*ficers and persons, upon whom any such rate or aueffment shall

be levied, shall and may, from time to time, after notice shall be given of the amount of the rate or assessment upon such town, parish, or place, either before the payment thereof by such parochial officers or persons, or after the same shall have been actually paid by, or levied upon, such officers or persons, rate and levy such monies by a separate and distinct rate and assessment upon every such respective town, parish, or place, in such manner and proportion, and with such powers for recovery thereof, as any other county rate may be assessed or levied; Tenants pay-and that every tenant or occupier of any hpufc, land, 'tythe, ing thereto, tenement, or hereditament, who shall pay any rate or assessment may-dedwft to be made in pursuance of this act by such respective parochial rents-Officers or persons, within any such towns, parishes, or places,

upon whom any such rate or assessment shall be levied, shall and may dedud the same out of his Pr*her relit, and shall be acquitted and discharged for so much money as such' rates or assessments shall, from time to time, amount unto, as folly and effectually, as if such money had been actually paid to the person or persons to whom such relit is or shall be payable $ and such person or persons is and are hereby required to allow, from time to time, such dedudions, upon receipt of the residue of the relit.

XXVI. Provided always, That nothing herein before con- except where tained shall vacate any covenant or agreement between land- there is a colord and tenant; and that no landlord of any estate which shall venant to the pot be let at a rack relit, shall be obliged or compellable to al- or"wh«e the

lands are not

let at rack rest.

The penalty of si* per man* lor not raising the apportion* meat of the

262 Anno nono Georgii III. c. 42; [1768.

low-to any tenant any money which he or she shall pay toward any rate which shall be made in pursuance of this act.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it* enacted, That in all cases where a certain number of private militia men are directed to be raised for any county together with any city or town being a county of itself, and the militia has not been, or shall not be raised for such county, and city or town; the payment of the militia direct- said sum of five pounds per man, upon the whole number of cd for any private militia men so directed to be raised as aforesaid, shall be those ofany divided and apportioned between such county and such city or - city or town town being a county of itself, in such proportion as the respec-being a coun- five quote?s paid to the land tax by the said county, and by the ty oikfe* said rity ana town being a county of itself, bear to each other j according to un^s the apportionment of the said number of private militia their respec- men shall actually have been made in pursuance of the lifts ditto quota's to rested to be returned by the said former acts, or by this pre-the land tax; fentaft; in which case the said sum of five pounds per man themilkfe* borne by such county, and by such city or town being shall have a county of itself, in such proportion as the respective number.been raised in of men 10 apportioned to be raised by such county, and by such the one place, city or town, bear to each other.

and not in the XXVIII. And whereas there are several cities, towns, and

places, in many counties and ridings, which do not contribute to the payment of the said rate called The County Rate j byreason whereof doubts may arise, whether such cities, towns, and places, can be 'legally rated or assejfed towards the payment of the said sum and sums of five pounds per man, in pursuance of the directions of this act: and whereas it isjufl and reasonable that all such cities, towns, and places, should bear an equal /bare and proportion of five pounds per v man with each county, riding, or division, within which such cities,

towns, and places, may happen to lie: be it therefore enacted,

and ft> with That in all cases where the militia has not been raised, or shall respect to not at any time hereafter be raised, for any county, riding, or division, within which any city, town, or place, shall not be towns, and rated to the said rate called The County Rate, the payment of the places) as are said sum of five pounds per man upon the whole number of not rateable private militia men directed to be raised within every county or to the county place, shall be divided and apportioned between each respective the^penalty is county, riding, or division, and each such respective city, town, tobeappor- and place, within the same, as shall not contribute to the said fioned be- rate called The Cottnty Rate, in such proportion as the respective

tween them m qU0tays paid to the: land tax by each respective county, riding, j e manner, Qr division, and by each such respective city, town, and place, and to be bear to each other; and the respective sum and sums so afeer-raised by a fe- tained and apportioned, shall be raised by a separate rate and ^the^mr's assessment, to be made within each such respective town and rate ? place, in like manner as the rates for the relief of the poor are

made; to be levied and collected within each such Respective».city, town, apd place, not rated tq the rate called The County Rate, by such ways and means, and with such powers apd regulation* for levying, collecting, and keeping the same distinct,

as

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 42. 263

as are prescribed in this act for such respective coiinty or place; and the churchwardens and ovcrfeers of the poor of each such and to be paid respective city, town, and place, shall, from time to time, pay over to the over the same to the treasurer or treasurers of every county or PuWic*tret* place within which any such city, town, and place, as afore* nrer* said, lies; in order that the said treasurer or treasurers may pay and j, jm to over the same to the receiver general of the said county or place, the receiver together with the proportion of the said sum of five pounds per general, man directed to be raised, levied, and paid, within each county or place byrthis ad.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in such cities. The like ditowns, and places, as are counties of themselves, and yet have.°*

no such rate or assessment as is called The County Rate, nor any

powers or directions for raising, levying, or collecting, the pro* towns, and portion of the said sum of five pounds per man, to be yaised by places, as are the county to which the said cities, towns, or places, are unit- cPunt(!e*m ed for the purposes aforesaid; the directions herein before given tnThavc^no for raising, levying, and collecting, the proportion, and the said county rate* sum of five pounds per man, within such cities, towns, and places, as do not contribute to the county rate, shall be pursued and followed in all such cities, towns, or places, as are counties of themselves.

XXX. And whereas in some parts of the kingdom there are towns which lie in two counties; and doubts may arise, whether such towns are obliged to pay to both counties the sum of five pounds in lieu of every private militia man which shall not be raised by such counties.;

be it therefore enacted, That where any town lies in two coun- In towifo \yr ties, it shall be lawful for the said town to contribute their quota, inS, n.two for and in lieu of raising the militia, for that county only where ^contribrne the church of the said town is situate; and the deficiencies of their quora the rate, which the said town would have paid, shall be made for that coun-up by the county in general, and not by the divisiorror hun- XY ?nfy where dred where the said town is situated. fan*! Ureh

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any sum or sums where any of money which ought to be paid by any such city, town, or city, town, place, not rated to the County Rate as aforesaid, shall not be paid or place, not to the treasurer of the respective county or place before the first contributors day of June in every year, according to the true intent and°tle c^n^t meaning of this act; the justices of the peace for such county or pay their place in which such city, town, or place, doth lie, shall, and quota by t they are hereby required at their next Midsummer quarter fef- June in lions, to issue out an order to the overseers of the poor of each y*arf respective parish or place within such city, town, and place, not ^cir^dlhm-rated to the county rate as aforesaid, requiring such overseers to mer sessions, - certify and return to the said justices at the next 'Udicbaehnas are to issue an quarter sessions, the several quota's that each parish or place °^dfr for cer-(within such city, town, or place, not paying to the county

rates, as aforesaid) pays to the land tax for that year; and such session the re-overseers of the poor are hereby required to make such certifi- spective quo* cate and return accordingly 5 and upon such certificate and re- ta'sof eatfi turn being made* the said justices, so assembled at their Michael- gF*

on the churchward, ens or overseers.

264 Anno nono Georgii III. c* 43. [1768.

their war- ifiQs quarter sessions, are hereby authorized and required (by rants there- their warrant, directed to any constable or tythingman within the fam?" rc*P^tee parishes and places) to cause the same to be le-- - vied by distress and sale of the good sand chattles of any church-

warden or churchwardens, or any overseer or overseers of the poor of each and every parish or place* within such city, town or place, not paying to the county rate as aforesaid, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owners of such goods and chattles, after such sum or sums of money, together with the reasonable charges attending such distress and sale, shall be fully paid and who are to be satisfied; and such churchwardens and overseers of the poor reimbursed as shall be reimbursed the sum and sums of money so levied on by a P°°r # them respectively, by the same ways and means as overseers of the poor are reimbursed the money by them expended for the rejief of the poor by any law now in being.

XXXII. Provided nevertheless, That if the militia shall be raised in the manner appointed by Virtue of this act, in all or

bedulyraised, any of the said counties and/places, such respective counties dUbharged# P*ace8 during the time the militia are so raised, be s*exonerated, freed, and discharged from the payment of the said sums; and the assessments to be made in respectc thereof shall, during such time, be suspended$ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And it is hereby enacted, That in every county and place, wherein the sum of five pounds per man shall have been assessed and raised in manner as is herein before directed,

mone^ UdtohC l^€ ju^*ces the peace of every such county and place shall, v s ° without delay, cause such sum and sums of money to be paid to the receiver general of the land tax for such county and place, in manner as herein after is directed and required; which said sum or sums of five pounds per man, when paid as herein after is directed and required, shall be, and is hereby declared to be, in full discharge for the neglect and failure, for not having raised and trained the militia for such county or place for the year then next'preceding.

XXXIV. And it is hereby enacted, That the treasurer or treasurers for each such respective county or place, who shall receive the said sum of five pounds per man, shall, and is and are hereby required to pay the same to the receiver general of the land tax for such county or place, within one calendar month after he or they shall receive the same; and the respective receivers general of the land tax of each such county or place, to whom such money shall be paid, shall give a receipt for the same to the person paying such money* whose receipt shall be a sufficient discharge for such payment; and shall, within ten

such payments days after the receipt of such sum and sums of money, certify to the trea- Arch receipt to the lord high treasurer, or the lords commis-

ury* sioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being; and shall

forthwith pay the same into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster, and distinguish, upon every such payment, the monte* received by virtue of this3 % and the monies so

paid

rate.

Where the

militia shall

from paying.

Where the

penalty has been assessed

money be paid over forthwith to the receiver general.

Treasurers to pay over the monies received within a month to the receivers general,

who are to have receipts for the same,

and certify

1768.] Anna nonb Georgii III. 042! 265

paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer shall be kept lb- and pay the parate and apart from all other monies, to be accounted for f"on, esntov yearly* and every year, to parliament* and , to be applied and iu*rc*c C" disposed of as parliament shall direct.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further eria#ed by the No fee to be

authority aforesaid, That no fee or gratuity whatsoever shall be paid thereup-given or paid, for or upon account of any warrant which shall CJL"

be made out for any sum of money which shall be paid into his €<luer Majesty's exchequer, or issued in relation to or in pursuance of

this act,

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That the commissioners of his Receivers ge- Majesty's treasury, or the high treasurer for the lime being, are neral to be ah hereby authorized to allow to the said receiver general for such lo^edad.in county and place respectively, in England, Wales, and Berwick upon °dearUig upm Tweed, upon the clearing of his accounts, a salary for his their ac-pains and trouble, in receiving and paying in the monies re- counts; v quired to be received and paid by this act, not exceeding two

penceJn the pound for so much money as he shall pay into the exchequer in pursuance of this aCh

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the treasurer or Treasurersid treasurers of every county or place, as a recom pence and reward for his and their, pains and trouble in collecting and re-

ceiving the sums charged upon each parish or place in each respective county and place by virtue of this act, and for giving receipts to the person or persons of when* they receive the same, and for paying the same to his Majesty's receiver general, as herein before is directed, upon collection of the whole sum appointed to be collected by them, and payment thereof, as aforesaid, shall be allowed the sum of one penny in the pound; which sum every such treasurer and treasurers is and are hereby impowered to detain, out of the monies received by him, before payment thereof to the receiver general as aforesaid: and High confta-that every high constable, as a recom pence for his frpuble and bles x d. pains in fending out warrants and doing his duty therein, shall be allowed and paid, by such treasurer or treasurers, the sum of one penny in the pound; and that every petty constable, and petty churchwarden, overseer of the poor, or other person enaployed cf?n auWcSf, in collecting the said sum or sums hereby directed to be raised, en^and^* on payment to the treasurer or treasurers of each county or place overseers, 1 d« of the whole sum directed by them to be raised within each likewise.. of their respective (jiviftons or places, shall.be allowed and paid by such treasurer or treasurers the like sum of one penny in the pound, as a reward for their diligence, pains, and trouble.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the trea- treasurers to surer or treasurers of any county, riding, or division, shall, at be reimbursed any thne, be in advance in the payment of any sum or fonts of monies paid money to the receiver general of such county, riding, or divi-in advance by fion5 the justices of the peace for such county, riding, or

vision, at their next general quarter feuions to be holden after at tj, e n£Xt any such payment, shall, and they are hereby required to assess, quarter fef-and cause to be levied, a sufficieitt fora of money to seitefourfe*for

(\}Qhcomt* rates*

266

Anno nono Georgii III c.42. [*768.

such treasurer or treasurers all such Aim or Aim* of money as he or they shall have so paid; to be alleged, collected, andievied, in the same manner as other county rates directed to be assessed, cdleded, and levied.

XXXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the justices of the peace for such county, riding, or division, at their said general quarter sessions, shall, and are hereby impowered to afiefs and levy, ih manner as is herein before di-and so, with reded, on every city, town, and place, which is not contribu-rerpeft to d- tory to, or doth not pay to, the county rates of such county, towns&e. nduig, or division respectively, such proportion of the money not contribu- (o paid by such treasurer or treasurers, as is herein before di-tory to county reded and required to be raised and paid by such city, town, and place.

Clerks of the XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, peace totrans. That such clerics of the peace of each respective county or place mit yearly to shall, and they are hereby required, within fourteen days next and receivers a^er the general quarter sessions of the peace to be held after general, the twenty fifth day of Dumber yearly, to transinit to the lord high treasurer or to the of of his Majesty's treasury signed copies for the time being, and also to the receiver general of the land of the certifi. tax for such county or place, a copy, signed by such clerk of* de, J?er* the peace, of every certificate which shall have been delivered ance of this 'n pursuance of this act; and in case no such certificate shall, have been delivered in, then such clerks of the peace shall cer-

and to certify tify to the lord high treasurer or to the of of his where none Majesty's treasury, and also to such receiver general, that no j j?avekeen de- such certificate from his Majesty's lieutenant, or any three de-'livered, pUty lieutenants, hath been received by him, and that he hath certified the same to the justices of such general quarter sessions, and thereon required, such justices to proceed according to the and what pro- directions of this act; and shall also certify what proceedings have been had at such general quarter sessions, in relation to the thereupon at filing and raising the find sum of five pounds per man where the quarter the mintia shall not have been raised; and in case the justices fofliona, re- of the peace, at such general quarter sessions, shall omit, negating to the ]edt, or refuse, proceeding according to the directions of this thepenaitv' a<^to n^ehe bud sum °' bve pounds per man in every coun-for not raising ty, riding, or place, where the militia shall not have been raised the militia, in the year preceding, then such clerks of the peace of every such respective county or place shall, and they are hereby re-, quired, within fourteen days next after such general quarter sessions of the peace, to certify to the solicitor of the treasury the omission, neglect, or refusal (as the case may be) of such justices to obey the orders and directions of this act, and the names of the justices of the peace who shall be present at such Solicitor of - sessions; and the solicitor of the treasury aforesaid is hereby di-the treanuy reded and required, on receipt of such certificate, forthwith to where Suffices proceed by such legal ways and means as may be requisite, most neglect their effectual, and expeditious, to compel the justices of the peace doty therein, of fitch county or place, so omitting, neglecting, or refuting to

proceed

xj6 % .] Anno nono Georgii III. c.42: 267

proceed by such legal ways and means as may be requisite, most effectual, and expeditious, to compel the justices of the peace of such county or place, so omitting, neglecting, or refusing to proceed according to the directions of this act, to raise the said sum of five pounds per man in such county or place making default in'raising the militia as aforesaid, and to enforce the payment thereof, and due obdience to this act.

XLI. Andy for the better executing this be it further enact- Where the ed. That if the said sum of five pounds per man, to be paid as penalty shall aforesaid in such counties and places where the militia shall not be raised, shall not be levied, collected, and paid, into his ^chequer Majesty's exchequer, in manner as herein before directed; or pr perfoa if any person or persons shall refuse, neglect, or omit, to pay shall refbfe his or their proportion thereof, or to perform his or their duty payment of therein, for raising and payment of the same$ then, and in every <luota»c* such case, every treasurer, high constable, and petty constable, or other person, to whom any such default of payment, refusal, neglect, or omission, shall be made, shall, and he is hereby required, within fourteen days after such default of payment, re- the same is to fufal, neglect, or omission, to him or them made, to certify be certified to the same in writing, signed by him of them respectively, w^{hep«ct-the reason or cause thereof, unto the clerk of the peace of every* such county or place wherein the same shall happen; and then, and by him to and in every such case, every such clerk of the peace shall, and the solicitor he is hereby required, within fourteen days after, to certify the the same to the solicitor of the treasury; and, in failure thereof, fury» every such clerk of the peace shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum or two hundred pounds, to any person on penalty of who shall sue for the same in any of his Majesty's courts of re-09.,

> cord at Westminster^ or the courts of great session in the princi* pality of Proles* or the courts of the counties palatine of Chester*

Lancaster, and Durham* wherein no essoin, protection, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and shall and forfeiting1 also forfeit ills office, and shall be rendered incapable of having, his office^ receiving, or holding, any office of trust, civil or military, un- and der the government; and the solicitor of the treasury, on the g*

receipt of such certificate, is hereby directed add required forth- treasury with to proceed, by all such legal ways and means as may be to compel requisite and most effectual, to compel the payment of such sum payments, and fume of money, and also to compel such peFfons as shall &c# so refuse, neglect, or omit, to perform his or their duty, as aforesaid, to act in obedience to, and in pursuance of, the direction of this act, and to carry the same into full and corn-pleat execution.

XLII.'And be it enacted, That if any clerk of the peace clerk of the shall refuse or neglect to receive, deliver, hie, make record, or peace negie$> transmit such certificates, as aforesaid, or any of them, accords jPS ,

ing to the true intent and meaning of this act, every such clerk forfeits of the peace, so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds, to any person who shall inform or sue for the same in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster* or the courts of great session in the

268 Anno nono Georgii III, c. 42; [1768.

principality of ZfW/j, or the courts of the counties palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham, wherein no essoin, p/otedtion, wager of law, nor more than one imparlapce shall be allowed 5 and his office, and shall also forfeit his office, and shall be rendered incapable and is incapa- of having, receiving, or holding, any office of trust, civil- or mi- Jitary, under the government.

XLIII. And it is enacted, That if any receiver general, or

citated. Receiver ge-

his duty for feit* 501

and petty constable »q1.

Recovery of fines, penal-

neral neglect- treasurer, shall wilfully omit, neglect, or refuse to do any such ing his duty. a^ or a($8 ag are required to be done by him or them for the better or more effectual carrying this act into execution $ every forfeits tool, such receiver general or treasurer, so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds, to any person who shall inform or sue for the same in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or the courts of great sessions in the principality of IVale^ or the courts of the counties palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham, wherein no essoin, protection, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

Chief confta- XLIV. And be it enacted, That if any chief constable shall ble neglecting wilfully omit, neglect, or refuse, to do any such act or acts as his duty for- are rCqU; rc(j to done by him for the better and more effectual carrying this act into execution, every such chief constable so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay, to any person who will inform or sue for the same, the sum of fifty pounds; and every petty constable and other person who shall in like manner offend, shall, for every such offence, in like manner forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds; to be recovered and levied in manner herein after mentioned and directed.

XLV. And be it enacted, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this act imposed, the manner of recovery whereof ties, and for-; s not; n this act particularly provided for, shall, on proof upon not^therwik oath of oflknce before any justice of the peace of the county or directed. place where the offence shall be committed, be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattles, by warrant under the hand apdfeal of such justice, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand, after deducting the charges of such.distress and sale, to the offender upon whom such distress shall have been made; and where the goods and chattles of such offender shall not be sufficient to answer such distress, such justice is hereby'required to commit such offender to the common gaol: of the

pounty or place where the offence shall have been, committed, for any time not exceeding three months.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the solicitor to the lord high treasurer, or to the of of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, shall, and he is hereby directed and with dili- required, with all due diligence, to prosecute with effect all such feeders ge!8, just»ces the peace, receivers general, treasurers, and other peral, trea- persons, who shall omit, neglect, or refuse, to perform their furers, and duty as aforesaid, to qarry this act into executions and to raise others, neg- sum cf five pounds per man in every such county or

i place where the militia shall not have been raised, or shall not

poqtinue to bp raised, according to t^e true iqtent anti meaning

4:

Solicitor of the treasury to prosecutej With dili

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c.42. 269

of this act; and cause the same to be paid into his Majesty's court of exchequer, as herein before directed and required: and if the solicitor to the lord high treasurer, or to the of of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, shall wilfully omit, neglect, or refuse, to proceed against such justices of the peace, receivers general, treasurers, or other persons, or

shall wilfully delay to proceed, or shall not prosecute with all due diligence and expedition 5 then such solicitor of the treasury on penalty of so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the 5001, for any sum of five hundred pounds, to any persons who shall inform "M)* or sue for the same in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster^ or the courts of great sessions in the principality of Wales, or the courts of the counties palatine of Chester, Lancaster> and Durham, wherein no essoin, 'protection, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and shall and forfeiture also forfeit his office, and shall be rendered incapable of having, of his office, receiving, or holding, such office for the future, or any othernd ^t, nJLin* place or office of trust, civil or military, under the government. capa a

XLVII. And be it enacted, That in all counties, ridings, and where the places, where the militia has not been raised, his Majesty's militia has lieutenant for every such county and place, together with any not been raif-two or more deputy lieutenants; and on the removal, or, in a.n a?0*! the absence of his Majesty's lieutenant, any three or more dc- ^cldgof ° puty lieutenants, shall meet at some city or principal town of lieuts. and d. the county or place for which they shall be commissioned, on lieuts. on the the second Tuesday in March in every year9and if there should V. Tuesday in happen to be no loch meeting on that day, then his Majesty's Marcl 5 said lieutenant, or, on his death or removal, or in his absence, a", jt°"f any three or more deputy lieutenants, shall and may, from time meeting, to time, as may be necessary and requisite for carrying this act general meet-into execution, or any of the purposes hereof, summon, or cause ing is to be to be summoned, a general meeting, to be holden at the same summoned for city or principal town on a day to be fixed by such summons; Of act mto^exe which day and place notice shall be given in some weekly paper cution. usually circulated (if any such there be) within the same county or place, seven days, at least, before the holding of such meeting.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it any person aftu- person8 ferVm ally serving in any of his Majesty's regular forces, shall offer ing in the re-himself to serve and be inrolled as a substitute in any regiment.gular forces, or battalion of militia; or if any person actually inrolled and offering to serving in any regiment or battalion of militia, shall offer him- [nroHed as self to serve and be inrolled as a substitute in any other regi- fobstitutes in ment or battalion of militiaj then every such person so offend- the militia9ing shall, for every such offence, or proof thereof upon oath and persons before any justice of the peace of the county or place where the in the offencedhall be committed, forfeit and pay, to any person who militia^ offer, will inform or sue for the same, the sum of ten pounds9to be ing'to serve levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattles, or be inrolled by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, tendering fjj JJ^* the overplus (if any) on demand, after deducting the charges of such distr$I$ and sale, to the offender upon whom such distress forfeit 101,

T*<hall

Anno nono Georgii III. c. 47 — 53. [1768.

turnpike road between Northop and Holywell; and from Avon Wen, to the town of Mold, in the counties of Denbigh and Flint.

CAP. XLVII.

An act for amending, widening, altering, clearing, and beeping in repair, fevera I roads leading from the borough of Dorcheft^r, in the county of Dorset, and for repealing so much of an act passed in the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, as relates to the repairing the road leading from Wool, to the said borough.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the sixteenth year of King George the Second, for repairing the roads from Marlbbrough to Shepherd's Shord; and from Beckhamp ton to the top of Cherill Hill; and from Avebury to Beckhampton, ( in the county of Wilts; and for repairing and widening the road from the turnpike ga/e at Avebury to Wroughton; and from the north side' of Swindon to the Carpenters Arms in Blunfden, in the said county.

CAP. XLIX.

An act for repairing and widening the road hading from Mereworth Cross, to the road leading from Seal so Wrotham Heath; and also the said road from opposite the house of William Dalifon esquire, to Hadlow Street, tn the county of Kent. J

CAP. L.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act made in the thirty third year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from Gloucester, towards Hereford, and other roads therein mentioned; and for amending several other roads near or adjoining to some of the said roads.

CAP. LI.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the seventemthyear of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from a place called Harlow Biffh Common, in the parish of Harlow, in the county of Essex, to Stump Cross, in the parish of Great Chesterford, in the said county.

CAP. LII.

An act to continue the term and enlarge the powers of so much of an act made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the road from the town of Buckingham, in the county of Bucks, to the north extent of the parish of Hanwell, in the county Oxford, leading towards Warmington Gate.

CAP. LIII.

An act to rectify a mistake in an act passed in the eighth year of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal, from Birmingham to Bilfione, and from thence to Autherley, there to communicate with the canal now making between the rivers Severn and Trent; and for making collateral cuts up to fevetal coal mines 3 and to explain <md amend the said act*

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 54 — 61.

CAP. LIV.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act made in the twenty fifth year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from the east end of Monk Bridge, near the suburbs of the city of York, to New Malton, and from thence to Scarborough, in 'the North Riding of the county of York; and also from Spittle House, in the East Riding of the said county*to Scarborough aforesaid.

CAP. LV.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the end of the turn-pike road in Shawbury, in the county of Salop, to Drayton in Hales, in the said county; and from thence to Newcastle under.Line, in the county of Stafford; 'and from Shawbury aforesaid, to the turnpike road tn High Ercall, in the said county of Salop; and from Shawbury aforesaid to Wem, in the said county; and from thence to the turnpike road, in Sandford, in the said county.

CAP. LVI.

An act for repairing and widening several roads in the counties of Montgomery, Merioneth, and Salop.

CAP. LVII.

An act for continuing two acts made in the sixth year of King George the Firfty and in the seventh year of his late Mojlfiy for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny Sterling, upon every pint of ale or beer that shall be vended or sold within the town a/'Montrose and privileges thereof for supplying the said town with fresh watery and for other purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. LVIII.

An act for repairing the road from the town of Cirencester, in the county of Gloucester, to the tenth mile fione from Cirencester at or near the east end of the town of Tetbury, and from the west end of the churchyard in the said town ^Tetbury to a gate in the said county near The Monument upon Landfdown.

CAP. LIX.

An act to impower the right honourable Sir Henry Cavendish baronet % to Shut up certain roads and a foot path in the parish of Do-veridge, in the county of Derby; and to oblige him to make and keep in repair for the future a new road and foot path in lieu thereof

CAP. LX.

An act to enable Edward Byrom esquire to complete a building inn*tended for a hew church in the town of Manchester, and for mak- ing the same a perpetual cure and benefice \ and for other purposes.

CAP. LXI.

An act for raising money to discharge detts contra sted for rebuilding the parish church and tower of Saint Nicholas, in the city of Bristol; and to rebuild the spirey and compleat the said church; and for other purposes.

Anno nono Georgii III. c. 62 — 72. [1768.

CAP. LXII.

An act to rebuild the flnre-ball of the county ^/'Nottingham; and for using the guild-hall of the town and county of the town of Nottingham; for the purposes of a Shire-hall in the mean time.

Cap. LXIII.

An act to enlarge the term, and sewers of two acts passed in the tenth year of King George the Firff and the sixteenth year of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from the north part of Harlow.Bush Common, in the parish of Harlow, to Woodford, in the county of Essex.

CAP. LXIV.

An act to continue and render more effectual several acts passed in the fintb and twelfth years of King George the Firf!, and the twenty eighth year of his late Majestyffor repairing the roads from Stevenage, in the county of Hertford, to Biggleswade, in the county of Bedford, and other roads therein mentioned; and for repairing.and widening the road from Radwell Corner to the turnpike read at Arlefey, in the county of Bedford.

CAP. LXV.

An act to repair and widen the road from the Broken Cross, in Macclesfield, in the county of Che^er, over the Long Moss and Monks Heath, to the turnpike rood in Nether Tabley, in the.said county; and for turning and exchanging part of the fend road.

CAP. LXVI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the city of Norwich, to Scole Bridge, in the county of Norfolk.

CAP. Lxvn.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Scole Bridge, to the place where the east gate lately flood in the town of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the county of Suffolk.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for amending the road from Bishopsgate Bridge, in the city ^/"Norwich, to a stone formerly called the T wo Mile Stone, where the Norwich road joins the Caifter causeway, two miles and a half Short of the town of Great Yarmouth.

CAP. LXIX.

An act for repairing and widening several roads leading to and through the borough of Bodmin, in the county 3/* Cornwall.

CAP. LXX.

ventry canal navigation to the city of Oxford.

CAP. LXXI.

An act for extending the navigation of the river Calder to Salter Hebble Bridge, and to Sowerby Bridge, in the county of York, and for repealing an act for that purpose.

CAP. LXXII.

An act for the better establishment of the foundation of John Michel

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. C.73 — 80.

esquire, in the Queen's College in the university of Oxford, and for other the purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. LXXIII.

An act to enlarge the tend and powers of an act passed b the thirty first year of his late Majestyf for amending the road from Pengate to Latchetts Bridge, and other roads in the county of Wilts 5 and for amending several roads near adjoining to the fend roads.

CAP. LXXIV.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act of the twenty third year of his late Majesty % fot repairing the roads from Dunglas Bridge, to the town of Haddingtoun, and from thence to Ravenfhaughbum, in the county of Haddingtoun,

CAP. LXXV.

An act for continuing and rendering more effectual an act for repairing the road from Bowes in the county of York, to Brough under Stainmore in tty county of Westmorland 5 and for repairing and widening the road from Maiden Cattle to Kaber Cross, and also the road from Maiden Cattle to the coal works at Taylor Rig, and to Tan Hill and King's Pitts; and also the road from Barrow's Brow to Middle Fell Dyke Nook, tn the said counties 5 and also from Tan Hill and King's Pitts to Beck Crooks* and Punchatt Pasture West Gate to Whaw Lane IJead, and by Lilly Jocks to Reeth.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act to repeal so much of an act passed in the second year ofhispre-font Majestyffor repairing and widening tty roads from the White Pott ok Hafelden's Wood, in the parish of Cranbrooke, to Appledore Heath, and other roads in the county of Kent, as relates to the road from Golford Green to Tanner's Vent j for enlarging the term and powers of the said act, with respect to the other roads therein contained; and for amending tty road from the turnpike road in the parish of Tenderden, through Rolvenden, to tty turnpike road in the parish of Newenden, in the said county.

CAP. LXXVII.

An act for repairing and widening the road leading from Tal y Cafn Ferry in the county of Caernarvon, and through the towns of Conway, Bangor, and Caernarvon, to the town of Pwllhely tn the same county.

CAP. LXXVIIL

An act for repairing and widening the road from Maidstone through Debtling to Key Street, in the parishes of Borden and Bobbing in the county of Kent.

CAP. LXXIX.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Beverley to the Jerry at Hesfle, and from the Malton guide post to the gravel pit at Cottingham, in tty county of York.

CAP. LXXX.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Cheadle to Botham

Anno nono Georgii III. 0.81 — 90. [1768.

House, and from thence to Butterton Moor End, in the county of Stafford.

CAP. LXXXI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Darly Moor in county of Derby, to Ellafton in the county of Stafford; and from thence to the turnpike road between Leek and Ashborne, in the said counties of Derby and Stafford.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act for the more effectual relief of the poor in the county of Devon.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act for laying open and widening certain ways and passages within the town of Birmingham 5 and for ckanfing and lighting the streets, hne$9' waysy and passages. there; and for removing and preventing nusances and obstructions therein.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An act for building a bridge at Worcester, truer the river Severn, and opening convenient avenues to the said bridge.

CAP. LXXXV.

An act for building a chapel at Plymouth Dock, in the parish of Stoke Damerell in the county of Devon.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act for repairing the roads leading from the turnpike road in Tring, in the county ^Hertford, through Dunstable* Hitchin, Baldock, and Royfton, to the turnpike road at or near Bourn Bridge; and from the west end of Wellbury Lane to the turnpike road at the south end of Barton, in the counties of Hertford, Bucks, Bedford, and Cambridge.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An act to continue and render more effectual an act passed in the thirtieth year of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from Hitchin, in the county of Hertford, through Shefford, to the turnpike road from Saint Albans to Bedford, and other roads therein mentioned; and for repairing and widening the road from Shefford way po/ly to the turnpike road at Henlow in the county/Bedford.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An act for repairing the road from Stoney Stratford in the county of Backs, through the towns ^Buckingham ^Bicester, to the town of Woodstock in the county of Oxford.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An act for making a road from the south end of Blackfriars bridge to the present turnpike road cross Saint George'sfields^ and from thence to some place at or near the house called The Dog and Duck, and to Newington Butts, in the county of Surry; and for empowering the trustees for carrying into execution an act passed in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his late Majesty9 to repair, light, and watch the said roads9 when made<

CAP. XC.

4$ oft for enlarging the terpi (tnd powers of two acts passed in the

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 91 — 95.

third and twenty femd years of his late Mriefty* for repairing the several roads leading into the city of Hereford, and for amending the reads to Lancloudy Hill ana Langua Bridge.

CAP. XCL

An act to explain, amend* and render more effectual* an act passed in the twenty seventh year of King George the Second* for repairing and widening the road from Leicester to Narborough, and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick, and other roads* and for other purpofts in the said act mentioned* so far as the same relates to the road from the borough of Leicester to the town of Narborough, and from Leicester ft Hinckley in the county of Leicester.

CAP. XCII.

An act to amend an act of the fifth year of his present Majestfs reign* for repairing and widening the road from Tonbridge ft Maidstone, and from Wat's Cross to Cowden, in the county of Kent, so far as the same relates to the repair of the road from Wat's Cross ft Cowden; and for repairing the roads leading from Sevenoakes Common to Crockhurst Hatch Corner, and from Penfhurst town to Southborough in the said county.

CAP. XCIII.

An act to continue and render more effectual two acts for amending several roads leading from the city of Exeter, and for repairing and widening several other roads therein mentioned; and for rebuilding or repairing Exe Bridge, and making the avenues leading thereto more commodious; and for building a bridge over the river Exe, at or near Counters Wear in the county of Devon.

CAP. XCIV.

An act for repealing so much of two several acts of parliament made and passed in the seventeenth and twenty eighth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, as relate to the road from the end of the county of Stafford in the pofi road towards the city of Chester, through Woor in the county of Salop, to Nant-wien in the county of Chester, and from Nantwich ft Tarpor-ley, and from thence through Tarvin in the said county of Chester to the said city of Chester, and for more effectualh repairing* widening* and supporting the same road; and also for repairing and widening the road from Northwitch, in the said county of Chester, ft the cross in Tarvin aforesaid.

CAP. XCV.

An act to empower the trustees of the will of the late general Pulteney, and other trustees appointed by this act* to purchase and exchange lands and grounds in the manor of Bath wick in the county of Somerset, for the purpose of making certain roads and ways to and ftom a free bridge by them intended to be built over the river Avon in the said county; and also to empower the persons in pof-fiffion of the said estate fof the time beings under the said will, to '* grant

27. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 95. [1768.

grant leases ef ter tain lands and hotifes in the said manor; and liie-wife to enable the said trusteis to grant certain grounds and firings of water within the said manor of Bathwick, to the mayor, aldermen, and titizens of Bath; and for extending the jurisdiction of the said mayor, aldermen, and citizens, over part of the said manor of Bathwick; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

