THE

Statutes at Large.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. Regis.

Being the FOURTH Session of the Fourteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

by

DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's Inn, Esq;

Vol. XXXII Part I.

The

Statutes at Large.

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA

To the END of the

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761.

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's Inn, Esq;

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

VOL. XXXII.

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOHN ARCHDEACON, Printer to the University, for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Cross-Keys, opposite St. Dunstan's Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1778.

CUM PRIVILEGIO.

A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno decimo octavo

Georgii III. Regis.

Being the Fourth Session of the Fourteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Cap. 1. For continuing an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain persons charged with, or suspected of, the crime of high treason, committed in any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, or on the high seas, or the crime of piracy.

Cap. 2. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight.

Cap. 3. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight.

Cap. 4. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 5. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 6. For the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his majesty's ships of war, and on board merchant ships and other trading ships and vessels.

Cap. 7. For repairing the highways and bridges in the county of Wigton.

Cap. 8. To enable his Majesty to licence a theatre in the city of Bristol.

Cap. 9. For taking down the parish church of Lilford, being a vicarage united to the rectory of Achurch, in the county of Northampton; and for repairing the parish church of Achurch aforesaid; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 10. To continue and enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of King George the Second, for building a bridge over the river Lea, at or near a place called Jeremy's Ferry; and for making, repairing, widening roads from thence into the great roads at Snaresbrook, in the county of Essex, and at Clapton, in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 11. For repealing an act passed in the fourteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the better regulating the government of the province of the Massachuset's Bay in New England.

Cap. 12. For removing all doubts and apprehensions concerning taxation by the parliament of Great Britain in any of the colonies, provinces, and plantations in North Americas and the West Indies; and for repealing so much of an act, made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, as imposes a duty on tea imported from Great Britain into any colony or plantation in Americas or relates thereto.

Cap. 13. To enable his Majesty to appoint of with sufficient powers to treat, consult, and agree upon the means of quieting the disorders now subsisting in certain of the colonies, plantations, and provinces of North America.

Cap. 14. For defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight; and for filling up vacancies in the militia, in the cases therein mentioned.

Cap. 15. For the relief of the captors of prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom.

Cap. 16. For allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat flour, biscuit, and peas, to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador.

Cap. 17. For building an additional gaol, and also a prison and house of correction, within the county of Cornwall; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 18. To explain an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the more effectual preventing the forging the acceptance of bills of exchange, or the numbers or principal sums of accountable receipts for notes, bills, or other securities for payment of money; or warrants or orders for payment of money or delivery of goods.

Cap. 19. For the payment of costs to parties, on complaints determined before justices of the peace out of sessions; for the payment of the charges of constables in certain cases; and for the more effectual payment of charges to witnesses and prosecutors of any larceny, or other felony.

Cap. 20. For further continuing the duties granted by three acts, made in the fifth and twenty-fifth years of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the third year of his present majesty's reign, for enlarging the pier and harbour of Scarborough, in the county of York.

Cap. 21. For the more effectually carrying into execution the powers contained in two several acts of parliament, the one made in the twelfth year of his present majesty's reign, for making a navigable cut or canal from the river Dee, within the liberties of the city of Chester, to or near Middlewich and Nantwich, in the county of Chester; and the other made in the seventeenth year of his said majesty's reign, for varying and enlarging the powers of the said former act.

Cap. 22. For raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery.

Cap. 23. For appointing of to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy eighty together with those named in two former acts for appointing of of the land tax.

Cap. 24. For allowing the re-importation of unmanufactured tobacco from foreign parts, although the same may have been sold abroad; and the importation of tobacco the growth and product of the island of Dominica, under certain regulations and restrictions.

Cap. 25. For allowing corn, grain, and flour, Imported into the ports of Portsmouth, Sandwich, Chichester, and Chester, to be landed without payment of the duties, under the like restrictions as corn, grain, and flour, is allowed to be landed at the several ports mentioned in an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to regulate the importation and exportation of corn.

Cap. 26. For granting to his Majesty certain duties upon all inhabited houses within the kingdom of Great Britain.

Cap. 27. For granting to his Majesty several additional duties upon wines and vinegar imported into this kingdom.

Cap. 28. For repealing so much of an act, made in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the general laws now in being for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purposes; as is to subject carriages, having the fellies of the wheels thereof of less breadth or gauge than six inches, to the payment of double tolls; and for vacating contracts for leasing tolls.

Cap. 29. For impowering the of and governors of the royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich, in the county of Kent, to exchange certain messuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, belonging to them in the parishes of Alnwick, Embleton, and Warkworth, in the county of Northumberland, for other lands belonging to the most noble Hugh duke of Northumberland, in some one or more of the open common fields at Corbridge, in the said county; and to empower the said of and governors to grant leases, in manner therein mentioned.

Cap. 30. For the more effectually levying of the duty upon servants in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 31. For enabling his Majesty to settle on their royal highnesses the princes Frederick bishop of Osnaburgh, William Henry, Edward, Ernest Augustus, Augustus Frederick, and Adolphus Frederick, an annuity of sixty thousand pounds per annum; and also to settle on their royal highnesses the princesses Charlotte Augusta Matilda, Augusta Sophia, Elizabeth, Mary and Sophia, one other annuity of thirty thousand pounds per annum and also to settle on his highness prince William Frederick one other annuity of eight thousand pounds per annum, and on her highness the princess Sophia Matilda one other annuity of four thousand pounds per annum.

Cap. 32. For further continuing so much of certain duties as have by several acts of parliament been granted and continued for repairing and maintaining the harbours of Dover and Rye, as are applicable to completing and keeping in repair the said harbour of Rye, in the county of Sussex.

Cap. 33. For the better preservation of fish, and regulating the fisheries, in the rivers Severn and Verniew.

Cap. 24. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts, within the soake of Bolingbroke and wapentake of Candleshoe, in the parts of Lindsey, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 35. For the better relief and employment of the poor within the hundred of Stow, in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 36. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the isle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge.

Cap. 37. For paving parts of the footpaths on the sides of the great road, called Whitechapel Road, in the county of Middlesex; also the several streets, lanes, roads, and passages, opening into the same; and for preventing obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances therein, and near thereto.

Cap. 38. For raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight.

Cap. 39. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly damped; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors.

Cap. 40. To repeal such part of an act, made in the last session of parliament, as relates to the manner of discharging bonds given for the due exportation of certain goods from Great Britain to foreign parts; and to extend such part of the same act, as obliges the master of British or Irish ships, sailing from any of his Majesty's dominions into the Baltic, to deliver a manifest of their cargoes to the British consul residing the re, to the like vessels sailing into Denmark, Norway, and Archangel.

Cap. 41. For uniting the free grammar school of James King of England, within the town of Henley upon Thames, in the county of Oxford, with the charity school founded in the same town by dame Elizabeth Periam widow; and for the better regulation nd management of the said endowments.

Cap. 42. To enable the corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond to establish and maintain a light house on the rocks called The Smalls, in Saint George's Channel.

Cap. 43. To repeal an act passed in the last session of parliament, for the recovery of small debts, within the several parishes of Surfleet, Gosberton, Quadring, Donnington, Bicker, Swineshead, Wigtoft, Sutterton, Algarkirke, Foldyke, Kirton, Frampton, Wiberton, and Brothertoft, within the hundred of Kirton, and county of Lincoln.

Cap. 44. For building a stone bridge across the river Tyne, opposite the town of Hexham, in the county of Northumberland, and for making proper roads and avenues to and from the same.

Cap. 45. To continue the several laws therein mentioned, relating to the allowance upon the exportation of British made gunpowder; to the further encouraging the manufacture of British sail cloth, and to the duties payable on foreign sail cloth; to the granting a liberty to carry sugars of the growth, produce or manufacture, of any of his majesty's sugar colonies, directly to foreign parts, in ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; to the further punishment of persons going armed or disguised, in defiance of the laws of customs or excise; to the prohibiting the importation of light silver coin of this realm, from foreign countries into Great Britain or Ireland, and to restrain the tender thereof beyond a certain sum; to the granting a bounty upon flax seed imported into Ireland to the better regulating of pilots for the conducting of ships and vessels from Dover, Deal, and Isle of Thanet; and to revive and continue so much of an act, made in the sixteenth year of his present majesty's reign, as relates to allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his majesty's sugar colonies in America.

Cap. 46. For allowing further time for inrliment of deeds and wills made by papists, and for relief of protestant purchasers.

Cap. 47. To amend such part of an act, made in the forty third year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An act for the relief of the poor, as relates to the binding of parish apprentices.

Cap. 48. For impowering the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, in common council assembled, to raise, upon the credit of the surpluses to arise out of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, the sum of forty thousand pounds, towards discharging the debt incurred in rebuilding the gaol of Newgate, and a sessions house adjoining, and for completing the said gaol, and building an infirmary thereto; and other the purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 49. For applying the sum of one thousand pounds, to arise out of the surplusses of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, for the purpose of opening communications between Wapping street and Ratcliff highway, and between Old gravel lane and Virginia street, within the parishes of Saint George and Saint John of Wapping, in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 50. For applying the sum of one thousand five hundred pounds, to arise out of the surplusses of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, for the purpose of widening certain avenues leading into Goodman's Fields, in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 51. For applying the sum of four thousand pounds, to arise out of the surplusses of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, towards completing the paving of the town and borough of Southwark, and certain parts adjacent, in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 52. For the relief of insolvent debtors; and for the relief of bankrupts, in certain cases.

Cap. 53. For the more easy and better recruiting of his Majesty's land forces and marines.

Cap. 54. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for carrying to the aggregate fund a sum of money which hath arisen by the two sevenths excise.

Cap. 55. To permit the exportation of certain goods, directly from Ireland, into any British plantation in America, or any British settlement on the coast of Africa; and for further encouraging the fisheries and navigation of Ireland.

Cap. 56. To permit the importation of cotton yarn, the manufacture of Ireland, into this kingdom duty free.

Cap. 57. For raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight.

Cap. 58. To explain and amend so much of an act, made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the preventing the clandestine conveyance of sugar and paneles from the British colonies and plantations in America into Great Britain.

Cap. 59. To amend and render more effectual the laws relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; and to establish certain regulations with respect to officers serving in the corps of fencible men directed to be raised in that part of Great Britain called Scotland and certain other corps therein mentioned.

Cap. 60. For relieving his majesty's subjects professing the popish religion from certain penalties and disabilities imposed on them by an act, made in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled An act for the further preventing the growth of popery.

Cap. 61. For repealing certain provisions in two acts, made in the first year of the reign of Queen Anne; one intituled An act for the relief of the protestant purchasers of the forfeited estates in Ireland; and the other intituled An act for advancing the sale of the forfeited estates in Ireland, and for vesting such as remain unsold by the present trustees in her Majesty, her heirs and successors, for such uses as the same were before vested in the said trustees; and for the more effectual selling and setting the said estates to protestants; and for explaining several acts relative to the lord Bophin and sir Redmond Everard.

Cap. 62. To continue an act, made in the sixteenth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act to authorise, for a limited time, the punishment, by hard labour, of offenders who, for certain crimes, are or shall become liable to be transported to any of his Majesty's colonies and plantations.

Cap. 63. For enabling trustees under particular turnpike acts, to meet and carry such acts into execution, notwithstanding the y may not have met or adjourned agreeable to the directions of such acts; and for preventing disputes touching the payment of tolls for horses or carriages belonging to or employed by officers or soldiers on duty.

Cap. 64. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 65. For settling and securing a certain annuity on the earl of Chatham, and the heirs of the body of the late William Pitt earl of Chatham, to whom the earldom of Chatham shall descend, in consideration of the eminent services performed by the said late earl to his Majesty and the public.

Cap. 66. For making proper drains and sewers, for the purpose of carrying off the water from the prebendal estate of halliwell and Finsbury, in the suburbs of the city of London, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 67. For authorising the justices of the peace for the county of Middlesex, to sell the present session house for the said county, and for enabling them to build another session house in a more convenient situation, and to keep the same in repair; and for applying the sum of eleven thousand pounds (to be borrowed upon the credit of the surplusses of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund) towards defraying the expense of building the said session house.

Cap. 68. For building a bridge across the river Tawey, at a place called The Wich Tree, in the parish of Llansamlett, to the opposite shore in the parish of Llangevelach, in the county of Glamorgan for making proper avenues or roads to and from the said bridge; and also for repairing and widening the road from Pentre-brook, near a place called Aberdwyberthy, in the parish of Saint John's, near Swansea, to the said intended bridge.

Cap. 69. For repairing the highways and bridges in the county of Stirling.

Cap. 70. To enable Hector Munro Esquire, to build and maintain a harbour and pier at the town of Findhorn, in the county of Elgin and Forres.

Cap. 71. For impowering the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, in common council assembled, to make a street or opening from Moorfields, opposite Chiswell street, towards the east into Bishopsgate street; and also from the east end of Chiswell street westward into Barbican; and to raise, upon the credit of the surplusses to arise out of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, the sum of sixteen thousand five hundred pounds for such purpose.

Cap. 72. For erecting a building for holding the courts and exercising the jurisdiction of the dean and chapter of the collegiate church of Saint Peter in Westminster, within the city and liberty of Westminster, and for holding the quarter sessions of the peace, and transacting the other public business of the said city and liberty; and for appropriating part of the surplusses of the Orphans Fundy towards defraying the expense thereof.

Cap. 73. For paving the high street or road leading from Aldersgate bars, in the parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgate, London, to the turnpike near the end of Greswell street, in the county of Middlesex; and for applying the sum of five thousand pounds, to be raised upon the credit of the surplusses to arise put of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, for such purpose.

Cap. 74. To amend an act passed in the twenty sixth year of King George the Second, more effectually to enable the parishioner of the parish of Christchurch, in the county of Middlesex, to purchase, hire, or erect a workhouse, for the employing and maintaining the poor of the said parish, and for the more effectual support and employment of the poor therein.

Cap. 75. For making a navigable canal from the town of Basingstoke, in the county of Southampton, to communicate with the river Wey, in the parish of Chertsey, in the county of Surrey; and to the south-east side of the turnpike road in the parish of Turgiss, in the said county of Southampton.

Cap. 76. For better paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching, the streets and lanes in the town of Dover, in the county of Kent, and in the several parishes of Saint Mary the Virgin and Saint James the Apostle in the said town and county; and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein.

Cap. 77. For paving and repairing the streets, lanes, and other public passages and places, within such part of the liberty of Norton Falgate, in the county of Middlesex, as is extra parochial, and certain parts of Magpie alley, and Blossom street, in the parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch in the said county; and for removing obstructions and annoyances therein.

Cap. 78. For applying the sum of nine thousand pounds, to arise out of the surplusses of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, for the purpose of making a passage for carriages from Spital-fields to Bishopsgate-street, in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 79. For paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the town of Northampton; and for removing and preventing incroachments, obstructions, and annoyances therein.

Cap. 80. For widening and improving a certain avenue called Dirty-lane, and part of Brick-lane, leading from Whitechapel to Spitalfields, in the county of Middlesex; and for paving Dirty lane, and also the east side of Petticoat lane, from Whitechapel High street to Wentworth street; the said avenue called Wentworth street; from thence in one continued line through Old Montague street, Chapel street, and Princes row, to Baker's row inclusive, and the several streets and passages leading into the same; and for removing all obstructions and encroachments therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

Cap. 81. For continuing the terms and enlarging the powers of two acts, one passed in the seventh and the other in the eighth years of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing and widening the roads from Oxford over Botley causeway, to Fifield, in the county of Berks, and Witney, in the county of Oxford.

Cap. 82. To enlarge the term and powers of several acts passed in the sixth and twelfth years of King George the first, the twenty-eighth year of his late Majesty, and the ninth year of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from Stevenage, in the county of Hertford, to Biggleswade, in the county of Bedford, and other roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 83. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road leading from Long Horsley bar or gate, on the post road near the town of Morpeth, by or through Long Horsley, Weldon bridge, and Whittingham, to the river Breamish, and from thence to Percy's Cross, in the county of Northumberland.

Cap. 84. To enlarge the term and powers of several acts for repairing the road from Highgate Gatehouse, in the county of Middlesex, to Barnet Blockhouse in the county of Hertford; and the road from the Bear-inn in Hadley to the Angel in Enfield-chace and also Canewood-lane leading from Highgate to Hampstead, in the said county of Middlesex and the road beginning at Barnet Blockhouse and ending at the Bear-inn in Hadley aforesaid.

Cap. 85. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act, made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road from Wakefield to Austerlands, in the west riding in the county of York.

Cap. 86. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the thirty third year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from The Bars at Boughton, within the liberties of the city of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the county of Salop, and other roads in the said act mentioned; and for making a road of communication from the said road between Whitchurch and Newport, to the present turnpike road from Newport aforesaid to Eccleshall, in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 87. To enlarge the term of an act passed in the thirtieth year of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from Towcester, through Silverston and Brackley, in the county of Northampton, and Ardley, and Middleton Stoney, to Weston-gate, in the parish of Weston on the Green, in the county of Oxford.

Cap. 88. For repairing and widening the road from The Birches Brook to Buildwas-bridge, and from thence to join the Watling-street turnpike road at Tern-bridge, in the county of Salop.

Cap. 89. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from the market house in the town of Much Wenlock, in the county of Salop, and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Gleeton-hill to Cressage, in the said county.

Cap. 90. To enlarge the term and powers of three acts, of the third and seventeenth years of the reign of King George the Second, and the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from Galley-corner, adjoining to Enfield-chace, in the parish of South Mims, in the county of Middlesex, to Lemsford-mill, in the county of Hertford.

Cap. 91. For repairing and widening the road from Stokenchurch, in the county of Oxford, to Wheatley-bridge, and from the said bridge to Enslow-bridge, and from Wheatley-bridge to the mileway leading towards Magdalen-bridge; and from the mileway leading from Saint Giles's Church, near the city of Oxford, by Begbroke, to New Woodstock, in the said county.

Cap. 92. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for widening and repairing the high road leading from Northallerton to the south wall of the churchyard of the town of Thirsk, and from the south east end of the street called Finkell-street, in Thirsk aforesaid, to and through the town of Easingwould, in the county of York, to a place called Burton-stone, near the city of York; and also the road from Thirsk aforesaid to Topcliffe, in the north riding of the county of York.

Cap. 93. For repealing certain parts of three several acts of parliament, of the first, the seventeenth, and the thirtieth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, made for repairing several roads leading to and from the borough of Evesham, in the county of Worcester, and for repairing and widening the road from Evesham-bridge, in the said borough, to the Globe Inn in Alcester, in the county of Warwick.

Cap. 94. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the east end of the town of Hertford, in the county of Hertford, through Watton, to Broadwater, and from the town of Witt, through Watton, to the north end of the town of Walkern, in the said county.

Cap. 95. For amending, widening, turning, altering, and keeping in repair, the roads from Whistle-bridge, in the parish of Barwick, in the county of Somerset, to the turnpike road in the parish of Charminster, in the county of Dorset; and from the cross in the town of Maiden Newton, to a stream of water in the parish of South Perrott, in the county of Dorset; from a place called Furze-moor Gate, in the parish of Broadwinsor, to Lenham's Water, in the parish of Beamister; and from Bugler's corner in the town of Beamister, to the Dorsetshire Inn, in the parish of Woolcombe; and from Upsydling Ewe Leaze, to the town of Cerne Abbas; and from the town of Frampton, to join the western turnpike road near Steepleton, in the said county of Dorset.

Cap. 96. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road leading from the east side of Barnsley Common, in the county of York, to the middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Cross; and also the road from the guidepost in Barugh to a rivulet called Barugh Brook, and from thence for two hundred yards over and beyond the same rivulet or brook into the township of Cawthorne, in the said county.

Cap. 97. For more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from the town of Taunton, in the county of Somerset; and for repealing two acts, one of the twenty-fifth year of his late Majesty, and the other of the fifth year of his present Majesty, relating to the said roads; and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several other roads adjoining thereto.

Cap. 98. For repairing and widening the road from the city of Gloucester to the town of Stroud, in the county of Gloucester.

Cap. 99. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for amending and keeping in repair the roads leading from a place called Fryer Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond; and from the top of Hinksey-hill to Foxcombe-hill Gate in the road leading to Farringdon, in the county of Berks.

Cap. 100. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening, the several roads leading from the Red Post, in the parish of Five-head, through the towns of Langport and Somerton, to Butwell; and also from Currey Rivell to Puckington-lane, and from Carybridge to Street Cross, in the county of Somerset; and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several other roads adjoining thereto.

Cap. 101. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the towns of Shepton Malet and Ivelchester, in the county of Somerset, so far as the same relates to the roads, therein called The Turnpike Roads.

Cap. 102. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the roads leading from the city of Gloucester, towards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury, in the county of Gloucester.

Cap. 103. For repairing and widening the road from Chippenham bridge, in the county of Wilts, to the top of Togg-hill, in the county of Gloucester; and from the stone pillar to the top of Old Sodbury Hill, in the said county of Gloucester.

Cap. 104. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the thirty first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for repairing and widening the roads from Donnington High-bridge to Hale Drove, and to the eighth mile-stone, in the parish of Wigtoft, and to Langret Ferry, in the county Lincoln.

Cap. 105. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the roads from Leeds to Sheffield, in the county of York, so far as the same relates to the road from Wakefield to Sheffield; and also one other at, made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and rendering more effectual the said act.

Cap. 106. To enlarge the term and powers of several acts, passed in the fourth year of King George the First, and the ninth and thirtieth years of King George the Second, for repairing the highways from Crown Corner, in the town of Reading, leading by and through the several parishes of Shinfield and Heckfield, in the several counties of Berks, Wilts, and Southampton, to Basingstoke, in the said county of Southampton.

Cap. 107. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road leading from the town of Morpeth, by or through Mitford, Thropple, Long-witton, and by the north side of Rothley Park Wall, to Sting Cross, and to the High Cross in Elsdon, in the county of Northumberland.

Cap. 108. For continuing and amending an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road leading from the town of Penrith, in the county of Cumberland, by Hutton Hall over Skelton and Castle Sowerby Pastures, and Sebraham bridge, to Chalk Beck, in the said county; and also the road which branches and separates from the same road upon Castle Sowerby Pasture aforesaid, and leads from thence through Hesket, otherwise Hesket-newmarket, to Caldbeck, in the said county.

Cap. 109. To empower the trustees for amending the road from Uttoxeter to Newcastle-under-lyme, in the county of Stafford to repair and widen the road branching out of the said road at Lower-lane, to the turnpike road on Hem-heath, in the same county.

Cap. 110. For enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from the north end of Dapdon-wharf, in the parish of Stoke, next Guldeford, through Guldeford to Andrew's Cross, and to Alfold-bars, in the county of Surrey, and from thence to Saint Mary's Gate, in Arundel, in the county of Sussex.

Cap. 111. For continuing the term of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of his late Majesty, intituled An act for amending, repairing, and widening, the roads leading from the Rye-way, in the parish of Yarpole, in the county of Hereford, to Presteigne, in the county of Radnor, from thence to Leintwardine; and from Presteigne aforesaid, to the top of Trap-hill; and from the Rye-way aforesaid, by the Maidenhead, to Wooferton, in the county of Salop; and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several other roads, branching out of the roads comprised in the said act.

Cap. 112. For more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from the town of Northampton to Chain-bridge, near the town of Market Harborough, and from the direction post in Kingsthorpe, in the county of Northampton, to Welford-bridge, in the said county; and for repealing several acts, made in the eighth year of King George the First, and the twelfth and twenty-third years of his late Majesty, relating to the said roads.

Cap. 113. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for repairing, amending, and widening the road from Keighley, in the west riding of the county of York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the county of Westmoreland.

Cap. 114. For repairing and widening the road from Tetbury, in the county of Gloucester, to and through Malmesbury, to Chippenham-bridge, in the county of Wilts; and from Malmesbury to the turnpike road at or near Jackament's Bottom, in the said county of Gloucester and also the road from Paddington to Cricklade, from thence to Malmesbury, and to the turnpike road at Aston Turville; and also from Sherstone to the turnpike road leading from Tetbury to Bath.

Cap. 115. For repealing an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road leading from a part of the road (directed to be repaired by an act passed in the last session of parliament) from Carlisle to Newcastle upon Tyne) near Glenwhelt, to another part of the road (so making from Carlisle to Newcastle) upon Shildon Common, in the county of Northumberland; and for making more effectual provision for the repair of the said road.

Cap. 116. For altering, repairing, and widening, the road from Summer Rods Bar, near the town of Hexham in the county of Northumberland, to the town of Alston, in the county of Cumberland.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN act to enable the right honourable Robert Craggs earl Nugent, and the right honourable Charles Townshend, to take in Great Britain the oath of office, as vice treasurer, and receiver-general, and paymaster general of all his majesty's revenues in the kingdom of Ireland; and to qualify themselves for the enjoyment of the said offices.

---

2. An act for rectifying a mistake in the name of one of the commissioners appointed to put in execution an act made in the last session of parliament, for dividing and enclosing the several open common fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the townships of Cantley, Brampton, btjjacarr % and High Ellars % within the several manors of Brampton and bef facarr) in the parish of Cant lay) in the West Riding of the county of York.

3. An act for naturalising Francis Popham.

4. An act for naturalising John Meyer and Christopher Hemy Mortem.

the Statutes.

5. An act for vesting certain messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Kent (part of the estates devised and settled by the will of johnthoyts, deceased) in trustees, to be sold, and conveyed to sir Sampson Gideon baronet, and his heirs; and for laying out the moneys, arising by such sale, in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled to and upon the likeufes and trurt, in the said will.

6. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, meadows, and common grounds, within the parish of Bulwicky in the county of Northampton.

7. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands, in the liberties of Kimmte and Walton, in the parishes of Kimcoate and Knaptofty in the county of Leicester.

8. An act for dividing and enclosing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, in the parish of Titchmarsh in the county of Northampton.

9. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open fields, commons, and waste grounds, in the parish, lordship, and liberty of Sapeote, in the county of Leicester.

10. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, heath and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the manor and parish of Great Billings in the county of Northampton.

11. An act for dividing and enclosing the common and open fields, meadows, and commonable lands, in the parish of rub deny in the county of Northampton.

12. An act for dividing and allotting the open and common fields, downs, and commonable grounds, in the hamlet or tithing of Bockamptony in the parish of Chipping Lambourne, in the county of Berks.

13. An act for dividing and enclosing several open fields, and fiinted pastures, or waste grounds, in the manor of North Dolton, in the East Riding of the county of York.

14. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing the open fields and common or waste land, in the lordship of Long What in the county of Leicester.

15. An act for regulating the (locking of a certain piece of enclosed pasture ground, called Nazeing Woody or Nazeing Park, in the manor and parish of Nazeingskn the county of ejjfxy and for keeping the fences thereof in repair.

16. An act for dividing and enclosing the commons and waste grounds within the manor of Clifton upon Caldery in the West Riding of the county of York.

17. An act for dividing and enclosing the common or waste ground, called Briftington otherwise Bufleton Common, in the parish of Brijlington otherwise Bujletoriy in the county of Somerset.

18. An act for dividing and enclosing the several commons and waste grounds, within the manors of Lathom and Skelmerfi dale, in the parish of Ormfeirk, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

19. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and oped field?, meadows, commonable lands, and wafie grounds, in the parish of lsham, in the county of Northampton.

20. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, and common pastures, within the lordship or parish of Castle Donington, in the county of Leicester.

21. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable and wafie lands, within the parish of High worth, in the county of Wilts.

22. An act to enable Walter James Head esquire, a minor, and his issue, to take and use the surname of James only, and to bear the coat armour of the family of John James esquire, deceased.

23. An act for enabling Charles Wyndham esquire (now called Charles Edwin) and his heirs male, to take and use the (urname of Edwin only.

24. An act for naturalising David Henry De Beanne.

25. An act for naturalising Hans Arfwidjfon.

26. An act for naturalising Charles Frederick Loudenfack.

27. An act for naturalising Henry ivilkens.

28. An act for naturalising John Christian Dean and Jacob Gottfried Hippius.

29. An act for naturalising James Cazenove.

30. An act for naturalising Francis Long.

31. An act for naturalising Antonie Bazin.

32. An act to enable the lord archbishop of Canterbury toen franchise and grant a fraall parcel of glebe and wafie land, belonging to the manor of Lambeth, in the county of Surrey; and also to enable the rector of the parish of Saint Mary, Lambeth, or his successors, to build a parsonage house on part of the said glebe and wafie land, and to grant building leases of other parts thereof, and for other the purposes therein mentioned.

33. An act for vesting in the right honourable Charles Howard esquire, commonly called Charles Earl of Surrey, and his heirs. The settled eflares of the said earl, in the counties of Cumberland, Westmorland, and Surrey, subject to certain charges affecting the same.

34. An act for vesting the timber and wood glowing upon estates of Henry Perryn Brown esquire, in the county of York, in trustees, to sell the faipe, and apply the money arinng therefrom for making a recompense to sir Richard Perryn, his father, for the charges and expenses of making buildings and improve*upon the same estate, and for the other purposes therein mentioned.

35. An act for annexing a portion of the redory, and of the fedory manor thereto belonging, of Huntspill, in the county of Somerset, to the office of mailer of Balliol College, in Oxford.

36. An act for establishing an agreement, for discharging the manor of Laughton, in the county of Leicester, and certain lands and hereditaments in the parish of Laughton, from the payment

A TABLE of the Statutes.

of tithes, or any modus or rate for tithe; and for veiling other lands and hereditaments in the rector of the said parish, nd his*successors, as a compensation for the said tithes, and in lieu

37. An act for dividing and allotting certain open and common fields, and commonable lands or grounds, in the tithing of Ogbourn Saint Andrew, in the county of Wilts.

38. An act for dividing and enclosing the open arable fields, open meadows, common pastures, and common grounds, within the parish of Kegworth, in the county of leicejur.

39. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, heath, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the parish of Harpole, in the county of Northampton.

40. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing the open fields, meadows, and commons, in the lordship of Earl Shilton, in the county of Leicester.

41. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open common fields, common pastures, and all other commonable lands, in the tithings of Frampton and Hayley, in the parish of Sappirton, in the county of Gloucester.

42. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other common able lands and grounds, of and within the manor, parish, and liberties, of Braybrookes in the county of Northampton.

43. An act for dividing and enclosing certain open fields meadows, ings, common pastures, and moors, within the parities of Thimbleby and Edlington, in the county of Lincoln.

44. An act for aligning certain open and enclosed lands, and rights of common, within the manor of Ripley, in the county of York pursuant to an agreement entered into between the trustees of John Ingilby esquire, a minor, and Walter Vavafout esquire, Thomas Grimston, and Elizabeth Etefon, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

45. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the consolidated parishes of Siddington Saint Peter, and Siddington Saint Mary, in the county of Gloucester; and for taking down the rectory church of Saint Mary, within the said parishes.

46. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common grounds, and commonable lands, within the township and liberties of Hardwicke, in the county of Buckingham.

47. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, and commonable lands and grounds called Shuckburgh Fields, in the county of Warwick.

48. An act dividing and enclosing the open and commop fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the parish and liberties of North mctrjlony in the county of Bucks.

thereof.

49. An act for dividfng and inclosing the common or waft ground, called North Myms common, or Wood, in the parish of North Myms, in the county of Hertford,

50. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in several ty, th open common fields, common meadows, common pastures, waste lands, and commonable places, within the parish of

in the county of Wilts.

51. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the commons and waste lands within the parish of in the county of Norfolk.

52. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, heath, and waste lands, within the manor and parish of in the county of Lincoln.

53. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, and all other commonable land, in the manor and hamlet

of Cow Honeyborn, other wise Chapel in the county o, gloucc/ler.

54. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain com

ttions and waste grounds, called Gh Moor, within the manor of Glufburn, in the parish of Kildwick, in the West Riding of the county of York.

55. An act for vesting the several yearly rents and copyhold fines, payable to the lord bishop of Durham and his successors, and issuing out of the several messuages, lands, and tenements, within the manor of Howden, in the East Riding of the county Of York, in trustees, to be sold; and for enabling the said lord feishop of Durham, and his successors, to enfrandufe the several customary or copyhold messuages, lands, and tenements, within the said manor and for applying the money arising from suck sale and enfranchisement in the manner therein mentioned.

56. An act for establishing and confirming an agreement, made between the dean and chapter of Durham, and general

Cuthbert Ellison, for the partition and division of a trad of unimproved land, in the parish of, in the county palatine of Durham, and the partition and division made in pursuanc* thereof.

57. An act to enable John Arthur Worfop, (heretofore called John Arthur esquire) to settle a jointure upon any woman or women he may hereafter marry, on the term therein mentioned.

58. An act to impower John Bond, merchant, and Sarah his wife, or the survivor of them, during their respective fives, to gjant leases of their settled estate, in the county of Surrey.

59. An act for vesting the settled estate of John Bullock esquire, and Elizabeth his wife, in the county of Coejfer, in trustees, to lie sold, for raising money to discharge an encumbrance thereon, end laying out the surplus in the purchase of lands and hereditaments to be settled to the uses limited of the said settled estate.

60. An act for exemplifying, or carolling the will of George

late lord Bingley deceased, and making such exemplification, or attested copies of though inrollment thereof, evidence as well in Ireland as in Great Britain.

61. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, commonable lands ?od waste grounds, within the parish and manor of Hitcham, in the county of Buckingham.

62. An act for dividing, allotting, and laying in several ty, the open common fields, common meadows, common pastures, waste lands, and commonable places, within the manor and tithing of Coate, in the parish of bishop's Cannings, in the county of Wilts.

63. An act for dividing and enclosing a certain common moor, or trad of waste land, called Acomb Common, within the regality or manor of Hexham, in the county of Northumberland.

64. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common pastores, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the maoor^ parish, and liberties, of Barky, in the county of Northampton.

65. An act for confirming a division and enclosure of the common fields, common meadows, and common pastures, within the parish of Little Berkford, in the county of Bedford, ant) certain exchanges of lands and estates within the said parish.

66. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, mea oqwf, pastores, commons, and waste grounds, in the township of kirjall in the parish of Kneefall, and county of Nottingham.

67. An act fdir dividing and enclosing the open common fields, common meadows, and pasture, waste grounds, and Other commonable lands, in the parish of Leckhampton, in the county of Glaeuester, and several small parcels of the said fields, which extend into the parish of Cheltenham, in the same county.

68. An act for confirming, establishing, and making effectual, certain articles of agreement, made and entered into, ibr enclosing and dividing the several commons, called Baling O  rriwr, Baling Green, and Cook's Hill in the parish of Hampstead Norreys, in the county of Berkt9 and for exchanging certain lands in the said parish.

69. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, and commonable lands and grounds, within the parish and liberties of Napton upon the Hill, In the county of Warwick.

70. An act for naturalising Pierre Theodore De Bruges.

71. An act to enable the honourable Temple Simon Luttrett to make a jointure upon his intended wife out of his settled estate; and for making a provision, by way of equivalent, in lieu thereof.

72. An act to dissolve the marriage of John Hook Campbell ebtfsktj with Elizabeth Euftacia his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

73. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, qommon meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the manor, parish, and liberties, of Byfield, and Wefirup, in the parish of Byfield, in the county of Northampton.

74. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the manor, parish, and liberties, of Fenny Compton, in the county of Warwick.

75. An act for dividing and enclosing a certain common, or trad of commonable land, called or known by the name of jvefibay Ado or, within the parish of Meary in the county of somerset.

76. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, and common meadows, within the parish of Han stop, to the county of Buckingham.

77. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the pari (lies of Saint gyusr Saint Sepulchre, Saint Lawrence, and Saint Andrew, in or near the town of Northampton, in the county of Northampton, some or one of them, and which are commonly called or known by the name of Northampton Fields.

78. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, cpmjnon pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the manor, parish, artd liberties, of Floor e, otherwise Flower, in the county of Northampton.

79. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of sir Robert

Sutton deceased, in the county of Lincoln, in sir Richard Sutton baronet, in fee simple; and for veiling certain lands of the said sir Richard Sutton, in Eastthorpe, in the county of Nottingham, in the archbishop of York, and his successors, in fee simple, in exchange for the mansion house, park, and lands, of the said sir Richard Sutton, called Norwood Park and Hall Meadow, in the said county of Nottingham, now held by the said sir Richard Sutton upon lease for lives; and for veiling the same, together whh: other lands of the said sir Richard Sutton, in the county of^afo iingham in lieu of the said settled estates.

80. An act for carrying into execution an agreement entered into by sir "James Wright baronet, for sale of the manor of huf home tar^anf, and several woodlands and hereditaments in the county of Southampton, tojofeph Portal, esquire; and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the same uses.

81. An act to enable the r$yerend Richard Harrington, and the receiver for the time being of the estates of Arthur champer nowne esquire, an infant, to grant leases and sets of the same estates during his minority.

82. An act for vesting the settled estate of Anthony Dean th younger, esquire, in the county of Worcester, in trustees, to be fp.d; and for laying out the money arising by such sale, together?

there with other moneys therein mentioned, in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the several uses therein expressed.

83. An act for vesting the settled estates of Henry Martin gentleman, and Elizabeth his wife, in Elton, in the county of Huntingdon, in trustees, to be exchanged, or to be sold, and the money laid out in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the same uses.

84. An act to authorise sir Lawrence Dundas baronet, and the several other persons therein named, to insert in a deed of disposition and conveyance of lands and hereditaments in Scotland, agreed to be settled by articles made previous to the marriage of nomas Dundas esquire, with lady Charlotte his wife, the like power of exchange, as is contained in the settlement made previous to the said marriage, of certain estates of the said sir Lawrence Dundas, in England.

85. An act for empowering the judges of the court of feffioit in Scotland to sell such parts and portions of the entailed estates

of Shawfield, and others, in the counties of Lanark and Argyle, belonging to Walter Campbell, of Shawfield, esquire, as shall be sufficient for payment of the debts affecting the same.

86. An act for vesting the settled estates of Thomas Bennett the younger, and Elizabeth his wife, in trustees, to be conveyed in exchange for other estates of greater value, to be settled to the same uses.

87. An act for dividing and allotting certain open and common fields in the manor and parish of Gratley, in the county of Southampton.

88. An act for dividing and enclosing certain commons and waste lands, within the townships of Otley, and Newall with Clifton, in the West Riding of the county of York.

89. An act for dividing and enclosing a common moor, or trad of waste ground, called Fourstones Common, within the barony or manor of Langley, and in the parish of Warden, in the county of Northumberland.

90. An act for dividing, enclosing, and preserving, a certain common, or parcel of waste ground, or marsh, called Saltney Marsh, within the manor and parish of Hawarden, in the county of flint, and for other the purposes therein mentioned.

91. An act for dividing and enclosing the commons and waste grounds, within the township of Olkrton, in the parish of ed urinstow, in the county of Nottingham.

92. An act for dividing and enclosing the several commons and waste grounds ^widish the manor of Boljlerstone, in the pa tiohof Ecclesfield, in the county of York.

93. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, bills downs, pastures, and commonable lands, within the parish of Naunton, in the county of Gloucester.

94. An act for dividing and enclosing the open arable fields

and commons, within the manor of Bofoyer, in the parishes of Bolsover

A TABLE of the STATUTES:

bolfovtr and Clown, in the county of Derby.

95. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open fields meadow, carr, common, and waste ground within the township of Dinniugton, in the parities of Saint Leonard and Scant Join, in the county of York.

96. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields, and commonable lands and grounds, within the manor and piri(h of Bolnhurst, in the county of; and for exonerating certain andent inclosures, within the aid manor and parish, from the payment of tithes.

97. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, meadow grounds, common fen, cow pasture, and other commonable lands, in the parish of in the county of Lincoln.

98. An act for dividing and inclosing the commons and waste grounds, within the township of, in the parish of Halifax, in the county of York.

99. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, heath and waste grounds, of and within the parish of Maidfetri, in the county of Northampton.

100.an act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the parish and liberties of ivooton, in the county of Northampton.

101. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, common ground, and waste grounds, within the manors or lordships of Roufltnth and Bedford, in the parish of Roufl, in the county of wtr ttfler.

102. An act to dissolve the marriage of sir Patrici Blaie ba' '

with dame Annabella Blaie, his now wife; and to enable

him to marry again and for other purposes therein mentioned.

103. An act to dissolve the marriage of Thomas, clerk, with Mary his wife; and to enable him to marry again and for other purposes therein mentioned.

104. An act to dissolve the marriage of George Christopher de gen, with Catherine Furlong, his now wife; and to enable him to marry again and for other purposes therein mentioned.

105. An act to dissolve the marriage of Clotworthy Dobbin esquire, with Mary his now wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

106.. An act to enable Edmund hartof/p (lately called Edmund bunnty)esquire, and the heirs of his body by Ann his wife, to take and use the surname, and bear the arms of Hartopp.

107. An act for naturalising Court Henry Dirs.

108. An act for naturalising Phillippe Befnard.

109. An act concerning certain estates heretofore of Frantss Keci esquire, deceased, in the counties of Wilts, (that is to say) for veiling such part thereof which hath been sold under

A TABLE of the STATUTES;

a decree and subsequent order of the court of chancery, in trustees, to enable them to convey the same; and for carrying into execution an agreement concerning other parts of such estates; and for confirming and carrying into execution a partition made, pursuant to the said decree and subsequent order, of so much of the said estates as remain unsold; and for veiling pan of such estates in Diana Mary Barter, and her heirs, fob jea to the trusts in the will of Francis Baber esquire, deceased, and the residue in trustees, to be sold; and for directing thoi application of the money which shall arise by such file; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

110. An act for vesting certain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the parish of in the county of

Kent, comprised in the marriage settlement of Shovel Blackwood and Sarah his wife, in trustees, to the several uses within mentioned; and also for veiling certain other messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the parishes of,

Ham, Sholdon, and Poultons, in the said county of Kent, called poul/on Farm, and West Street, and Park Gate, intailed

upon the iffoe male of the said Shovel Blackwood, in other trustees, to the several uses within mentioned.

111. An act for vesting in trustees certain messuages, lands, and tenements, in the county of Surrey, settled in and by the will of Thomas Bridges esquire, deceased, to be sold and conveyed pursuant to articles; and for laying out the purchase money in other lands and tenements, to be settled to the uses of the said will.

112. An act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and draining, certain moors, or pieces of wade land, within the parishes of Saint John and Saint Bene dill, in Glastonbury, in the county of Somerset.

113. An act to enable James Rstmball, now called James gfuilter, his fim and other Tonnes, and their heirs male, to take and use the surname, and bear the coat armour, of, in pursuance of the will of James $>uilter, esquire, deceased.

THE

STATUTES at Large,

Anno regni GEORGII III. mag nee Britannia, France,

'decimo

1

AT //&<? parliament begun and held at Westminster, the twenty-ninth day of November, Domini 1774, '/* the fifteenth year of the reign f our sovereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, C And from thence continued by several prorogation, to the twentieth day of november, 1777; be

fourteenth parliament of Great Britain

CAP. I.

An act for continuing an act, made in the last session of parliament intituled An act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain persons charged with, or suspected of, the crime of high treason, committed in any of his majesty's colonies or plantation in America, or on the high feasor the crime of piracy.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act was made in the laf session of this present parliament, (entitled, An act to empower his7 III Majesty to secure and detain persons charged with, or suspected cap. 9. recited of, the crime of high treason, committed in any of his Majesty V colonies or plantations in America, or on the high feasor the crime of piracy;)which act was to continue and be in force until the first day of January, one thousanifeveh hundred and seventy eighty and no longer: and whereas it is expedient that the said act Should be continued for a further term; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the king's most

2 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 2-6. [1778.

excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present and further parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That 1^1^79? and all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, and qualifications therein contained, shall be, and the same are hereby further continued until the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, and no longer,

CAP. II.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fevt nty eight. At Jour billings in the pound.

CAP. III.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon piah, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight.

CAP. IV.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion \ for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

CAP. V

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore,

CAP. VI.

An act for the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his Majestfs ships of war, and on board merchant ships and other trading hips and vessels.

[Preamble.]

FOR the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his Majests hips of war, and on board merchant ships, and other fading ships and vejf/h; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament From the paf assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and ung of this pfter the passing of this act, until tyre twenty-fifth day of March, aft till March qrie tfipufand seven hundred and seventy nine, and no longer,5* 1t3fhid1cr* fexcept in respect xo such merchant ships, and other trading etc.^mav he mips vessels, which shall be on their voyage before the said navigated by twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and three fourths seventy nine, who shall be, and are hereby allowed the liberty toreignica. an(j bencgt of returning home navigated in the manner as here mcn\ in after is provided,) it shall and may be lawful for any merchant

ship, or other trading ship or vcitej, to be navigated by foreign^teamen or mariners, not being natives of Great Britain, or of any of the colonies or plantations thereto belonging, or his majesty's natural or naturalised subjects, so as the number of such foreign seamen or mariners do not exceed three fourths of themariners at any one time employed to navigate such merchant ship, or other trading (bip or vessel, and that one fourth at lead of the mariners or seamen so employed, be at all times natives qr his majesty's naturalised subjects of Great Britain, (sudden

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 7-1 II 

death and hazard and casualties of war, and the Teas, saved and excepted,) one act of parliament, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the second, (entitled.

An act for the encouraging and increasing of/hipping and navigation,) or any other stature or law to the contrary'notwithstanding.

II. Provided always That nothing in this act contained shall This act nt extend to take away or restrain the effect of any such royal pro jtai damation, as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, are impow mation to be ered to make by virtue of an act passed in the thirteenth year made pursuant of his late majesty's reign, (entitled. An act for the better supply to an act 13 tf mariners and seamen, to serve in his Majesty's ships of war, and on Gco*board merchant ships and other trading hips and privateers)

CAP. VII.

An act for repairing the highways and bridges in the county of Wigton.

CAP. VIII.

An act to enable his Majesty to licence a theatre in the city of Bristol.

CAP. IX.

An act for taking down the parish church of lhford, being a vicarage united to thf rectory of Achurch, in the county of Northampton) and for repairing the parish church of Achurch aforesaid j and for other purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. X

An act to continue and enlarge the term and powers of an act, made id the thirtieth year of the reign of King George the second, for building a bridge over the river Lea, at or near a place called Jeremy's Ferry } and for making, repairing, and widening roadc from thence into the great roads at Snare (brook, in the county of Essex, and at Clapton, in the county of Middlesex.

CAP. XI.

An act for repealing an act, passed in the fourteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the better regulating the government of the province of the massachusets Bay in New England.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the province of the Massachusets Bay had for many years been governed under a charter, granted by their late majesties King William and Queen Mary: and whereas an asl, ^ched* pajftdm the fourteenth year of his present Majesty reign, intituled,rec*An act for the better regulating the government of the province of the massachu/ets Bay in New England, has been found to create great uneasinesses in the minds of the inhabitants of the aid province and has occasioned jealouftes and qpprehensions of danger to their liberties and rights in/evtral other of the colonies and plantations in North America: for quieting and extinguifking such uneasinesses and ap prehenfms, be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the repealed passing of this act, the said act, of the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, be, and the same is hereby repealed.

4 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 12. [1778.

---

CAP. XII.

An act for removing all doubts and apprehensions concerning taxation by the parliament of Great Britain in any of the colonies, provinces, and plantations in North Americas and the West Indies; and for repealing so much of an act, made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, as imposes a duty on tea imported from Great Britain into any colony or plantation in Americas or relates thereto.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS taxation by the Parliament of Great Britain, for the purpose of raising a revenue in his Majesty's Colonies, Provinces, and Plantations in North America, has been found by experience to occasion great uneasiness and disorders among his Majesty's faithful subjects, who may nevertheless be disposed to acknowledge the justice of contributing to the common defence of the Empire, provided such contribution should be raised under the authority of the General Court,* or General Assembly, of each respective Colony, Province, or Plantation: And whereas, in order as well to remove the said uneasiness, and to quiet the minds of his Majesty's subjects who may be disposed to return to their allegiance, as to restore the peace and welfare of all his Majesty's Dominions, it is expedient to declare that the King and Parliament of Great Britain will not impose any duty, tax, or assessment, for the purpose of raising a revenue in any of the Colonies, Provinces, or Plantations:

May it please your Majesty that it may be declared and enacted, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same

[No tax to be hereafter imposed by the King and Parliament of Great Britain on any of the Colonies in North America or the West Indies ; except, etc.]

that from and after the passing of this Act the King and Parliament of Great Britain will not impose any duty, tax, or assessment whatever, payable in any of his Majesty's Colonies, Provinces, and Plantations in North America or the West Indies ; except only such duties as it may be expedient to impose for the regulation of commerce; the net produce of such duties to be always paid and applied to and for the use of the Colony, Province, or Plantation, in which the same shall be respectively levied, in such manner as other duties collected by the authority of the respective General Courts, or General Assemblies, of such Colonies, Provinces, or Plantations, are ordinarily paid and applied.

[So much of an Act, 7 Geo. III., as imposes a duty on tea imported from Great Britain repealed.]

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the passing of this Act, so much of an Act made in the seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled "An Act for granting certain duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America ; for allowing a drawback of the duties of Customs upon the exportation from this kingdom of coffee and cocoanuts of the produce of the said Colonies or Plantations ; for discontinuing the draw-backs payable on China earthenware exported to America ; and for more effectually preventing the clandestine running of goods in said Colonies or Plantations," as imposes a duty on tea imported from Great Britain into any Colony or Plantation in America, or has relation to the said duty, be, and the same is hereby repealed.

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 1 3,

CAP. XIII.

5

An act to enable his Majesty to appoint of with sufficient powers to treaty tonne salt y and agree upon the means of quieting the disorders now substfling in certain of the colonies, plantations, and provinces of North America.

[Preamble.]

FOR the quieting and extinguishing of diverse jcaloufies and of

prebenfions ef danger to their liberties and rights, which have alarmed many of his Majesty's subjects in the tclcnies, provinces, and plantations of New Hampshire, Massachusets Bay, Rhode Island; Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pensylvania, the three lower counties d//delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia and for a full manifejlition of the just and X gracious purposes of his Majesty, and his parliament, to maintain and secure all his subjects in the clear and perfect enjoyment of their liberties and rights; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may his majesty be lawful for his Majesty, from time to time, by letters patent impowed to i under the great seal of Great Britain, to authorise and empower co^itfrfonrrs five able and sufficient persons, or any three of them, wto treat, to lreat ]wirh consult, and agree with anybody or bodies politic and corpo the Americans rate, or with any assembly or assemblies of men, or with any for red rtfs ot person or persons whatsoever, of and concerning any grievances, gt, evanccat or complaints of grievances, existing, or supposed to exist, in the government of any of the said colonies, provinces, or plantations respectively, or in the laws and Statutes of this realm respecting the same; and of or concerning any aid or contribution to be furnished by any of the said colonies, provinces, or plantations respectively, for the common defence of this realm, and the dominions thereunto belonging; and of and concerning any other regulations, provisions, matters, and things, necessary or convenient for the honour of his Majesty, and his parliament, and for the common good of all his subjects.

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That Thc rerala0 regulation, provision, matter, or thing, so proposed, treated, "s*etc* confuired, or agreed, shall have any other force or effedf, or be finally carried further into execution, than is herein after mentioned binding until and provided, until the same shall have been confirmed by par confirmed by iiament. parliament.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority Commissionert aforesaid, That in order to facilitate the good purposes of this may order a act, his Majesty may lawfully enable the said of, or Jofttlities tf any three of them, from time to time, to order and proclaim a cenation of hostilities, on the part of his majesty's forces, by sea or land, for any time, and under any conditions or restrictions; such order and proclamation to revoke and annul in the same manner and form.

IV. And be it further enacted, it shall and may be His Majesty

b3

lawful mayimpo*

6 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. r.

[1778.

the commis lawful for his Majesty, by such letters patent as aforesaid, to fendr#b r' aul^or^c an empower the said of, or any three of eumationfthe them, by proclamation under their respective hands and seals, prohibitory from time to time, to suspend the operation and effect of a of p6geo. certain ai of parliament, made and passed in the sixteenth year W of the reign of his present Majesty, for prohibiting all trade and

intercoprfe with certain colonies and plantations therein named, and for the other purposes therein also mentioned, or any of the provisions or restrictions therein contained; specifying in such proclamation at what times and places respectively, and with what exceptions and restrictions, and under what passes and clearances, in lieu of those heretofore directed by any act or acts of parliament for regulating the trade of the colonies or plantations, the said suspension shall take effect; and the said fijfpen fion and proclamation, in the same manner and form, to annul and reyoke,

pr any other V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

ana^refatin at lt aim Way^lawful for his Majesty, by such letters

to America10^ Patent 33 aforesaid, to, authorise and empower the said commis

Fafed since jioners, or any three of them, to suspend, in any places, and foi eb.10, 1763. any times during the continuance of this acts, the operation and effect of any act or acts of parliament which have passed fine the tenth day of February one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, and which relate to any of his majesty's said colonies, provinces, qr plantations in North America, so far as the same does relate to them; or the operation and effect of any clause, or any provision or matter therein contained, so far as such clauses, provisions, or matters relate to any of the said colonies, provinces, or plantations.

His Majesty

VI. And it is hereby enactecj by the authority aforesaid, may empower That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by such letters the commit patent as aforesaid, to authorise and empower the said commis paf^dons ran uoners, or any three of them and they are hereby authorised *impowered, to grant a pardon or pardons to any number or

description of persons within the said colonies, provinces, or plantations.

nd to appoint

VII. And that no let or hindrance may happen from the vacancy governors in pj fa office of governor and commander in chief in any of the said cs^ere.^herein co^onies^ provinces, or plantations reffectively, or from the absence of his Majesty Iut^ offiw from his government, be it further enacted by the au hath uiually thority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for hi, s maje appointed fty, by such letters patent as aforesaid, to authorise and empower the said commissioners, or any three of them, in any of the said colonies, provinces, or plantations respectively, wherein his Majesty hath ufoally heretofore nominated and appointed a governor, to nominate and appoint, from time to time, by any instrument under their hands and seals, a proper person to bn the governor and commander in chief in and for any such colony, province, or plantation; to have, hold, and exercise the the said office of governor and commander in chief in and for, such colony or plantation respectively, with all such powers and

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 14, 15. 7

authorities as any governor of such province heretofore appointed by his Majesty might or could have exercised, in as full and ample manner and form as if such governor and commander in chief had been nominated and appointed by his majesty's letters patent or commission; for that purpose, if need be, to reyoke, annul, and make void, any commission or letters patent heretofore granted for appointing any such governor and commander in chief.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue Condnuare* to be in force until the first day of June, one thousand seven f this act. hundred and seventy nine

CAP. XIV.

An act for defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the rmtffia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and fieventy eight; and for filling up vacancies in the militia, in the cases therein mentioned.

CAP. XV.

An act for the relief of the captors of prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS several Ships and vessels, with their cargoes,

have been taken, and condemned as prize, in pursuance of and under the authority of an act made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act to prohibit all Recital Of if trade and intercourse with the colonies of New Hampshire, eo a*tap*i* majffuhu[e\s Bay, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Penfyhania, the three lower counties on Delaware,

Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the continuance of the present rebellion within the said colonies respectively; for repealing an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue the landing and iifcharging, lading or shipping, of goods, warts, and merchandise, at the town, and within the harbour tf/'boston, in the province of Massachusets Bay 5 and also two acts, made in tyre last session of parliament, for restraining the trade and commerce of the colonies in the said acts respectively mentioned 5 and to enable any person or persons, appointed and authorised by his Majesty to grant pardons, to issue proclamations, in the cases and for the purposes therein mentioned:) And whereas part of the cargoes of such Ships and vessels, which is now secured in the warthouses at several ports in this kingdom, not being goods of the growth, produce, or menufafturt of any British American colony or plantation, or of any other place or country under the dominion of his Majesty, are subject, by the laws now in force, to the payment of high duties upon being imported into and used in this kingdom; which duties, in some inflames, being equal to the value of the golds ', will not nly be a difeourogement to the captors and importers thereof \ but will put them under the neeejfity to fendfitch goads, far the future, directly so foreign markets, to the loss of his Majesty's revenue, and the prejudice

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 15, f 1778.

of the trade of this kingdom: for remedy whereof may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent q( the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present Act goods, not parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That being the any goods, not being the growth, oroduce, or manufacture, of of^riuthetc* an American colony or plantation, or any otfter place or America or country under the dominion of his Majesty, that have been, or other his any goods or merchandises whatsoever Which shall hereafter be Majesty's do taken during the continuance of the said recited act, and Which minion, that have been, or shall be brought into Great Britain by any of his taken,0" shall majesty's ships of war, or by any private or other ship or veflei be during the having commission from the lord high admiral of Great bri continuance tain, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord higjiathe ^miral f Great Britain for the time being, for, thit purpose,

brought into anc may upon condemnation thereof as lawful prize, be

Great Britain landed in any port within this kingdom, and secured under the by any ship king's locks, in warehouses provided at the foie expense of the properly com capt0rs, with the privity and approbation, and under the care mi onedv nd inspection, of the of, or other principal officers, to be secured for collecting and managing thq respective duties of customs and kin^'/locks cxc^c to hich goods are liable; and upon admission of any

inwfrehctuses, goods into such warehouses, there shall be paid by the at the expense captors, or their agents, the following duties only, which shall of the captors, not be afterwards drawn back or repaid upon the exportation Duties to be of the same goods; that is to say, for all such goods (except paid when theydnes and vinegar, and such goods as are herein after enume goods aie ^ated) taken, as aforesaid, by any of his majesty's ships of war,

warehoused.*hajf of tjlc subsidy, granted by the act of tonnage and poundage, passed in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the second; the whole of the further subsidy of poundage, granted by an act passed in the twenty first year of the reign of his late majesty King George, the second, being what is commonly called the subsidy one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; and for the like goods,if taken by any private or other ship having commission as aforesaid, the half of the old subsidy, and no more; which duties shall be collected, paid, and applied, in the same manner, and to the same purposes, whereunto they are by law appropriated, subject nevertheless to the customary and legal discounts and abatements, and allowances for damage; and for eery tonne of such wine and vinegar, taken as aforesaid, either by his majesty's ships of war, or ships having commissions as aforesaid, the sum of three pounds, and so after the same rate for any greater or lesser quantity, to be paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, as part of he duties arising by an acts, passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the second, (entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty fiyeral additional duties upon all wines imported into Great Britain; and for raising a certain sum of money by annuities, and a lottery, in manner therein mentioned, to be charged on the said oddi tional duties.)

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 15.'9

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Duties cn car that the half of the old subsidy, granted by the said act of the

twelfth of Charts the second, and the whole of the further subsidy of poundage, granted by the said act of the twenty tirft vakorem* year of the reign of his laid late Majesty, which is directed by this act to be paid for such prize goods taken by his majesty's ships of war; and the half of the old subsidy, granted by the said act of the twelfth of Charles the second, which is directed by this act to be paid for such prize goods taken by private or other ships having commissions as aforesaid, shall be payable ad valorem, and no otherwise, upon the oath of the captors, or their agents, upon the following goods; that is to say, upon all sorts of woollen, worded, thread, cotton, linen, and silk manufactures, medicinal drugs, and hats, handkerchiefs, checks, knives, nails, and all kind of hard ware, notwithstanding the same may have been rated in the book of rates of the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the second, or the additional book of rates of the eleventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the first; that the said duties ad valorem respectively, on the goods before enumerated, shall be levied and colle&eri by the same rules and regulations, and under the same penalties and forfeitures, as are directed and prescribed in or by pny act or acts of parliament now in force with respect to any goods paying duty ad valorem.

III. Provided always, That no duties or customs whatsoever Certain goods shall be demanded or taken for any prize goods, confiding ofhabie to any military or ship stores, or any goods which, by any law now an <*

in force, may be imported into this kingdom duty free; anything in this or any other act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore Goodi lodged said, That any prize goods which shall be received into any in any ware warehouse in pursuance of this act, or which are now rcma, n*ng^ur^fajj, ma in any warehouse in this kingdom, where they have been secur

ed under the king's locks, by the permission of the commifli of thebefcwr oners of the customs, shall and may, upon payment of the re mentioned spective duties before directed by this act, be exported at any dut, C CC directly from them, either by the captors or their agents suffickx* or by any other person or persons, without paying any furtherrecuriiy^etc. duty of customs or excise for the same; the person or persons exporting the same giving sufficient security, in double the value of the goods, before the delivery thereof out of the vtarehouse, that the same shall be really and truly exported, and not brought back again, or relanded, in any part of Great Britain, or the islands of Guernsey, strfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or the islands of Faro or Ferro; which security the customer or collator of the port from whence the same are intended to be exported, is hereby required and authorised to take in his majesty's name, and tp his Majesty's use.

V Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Proviso, relat

authority aforesaid, That if any goods shall be taken out of any ingt0 good'

ijunra. taken out of

yvare

10

'warehouses for home consumption.

Unmerchantable wine not liable to duty.

[Preamble,

Acts, Ij Geo.

If Geo J

and v6geo. 3. rpcited.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16. [1778.

warehouse whefein they are secured as aforesaid, to be consumed in this kingdom, the person or persons so taking out the same shall first pay up the remainder of the duties which would have been due and payable to his Majesty thereon, if the same had been regularly imported by way of merchandise into this kingdom; and such goods shall, in all other respects, be liable to the same restrictions and regulations to which they would have been subject if this act had not been made.

VI. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this act hall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge any wine with the before mentioned duty of three pounds per tonne, which shall, at the time of landing the settle, be damaged, corrupt, or unmerchantable, and which shall be given up by the captors, or their agents, to the officers of the customs, to be publkkly sold, in order to be distilled into brandy, or to be made into vinegar, in the manner directed by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the first, (entitled, An act for the improvement of his Majesty's revenugs of customs, extife9 and inland duties,)

CAP. XVI.

An act for allowing ibg exportation of certain quantities of wheat flour, Ufcuit9 and peafo, to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador.

WHEREAS by an atl9 made in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty's reign Iintituled, An act to regulate the importation and exportation of corn,) whenever the prices of certain species of British corn or grain exceed the prices therein limited the exportation thereof from this kingdom is prohibited under certain penalties in the said act mentioned, except in particular cases allowed by that and several subsequent acts of parliament: and whereas certain Quantities of biscuit and peas, allowed to be exported to the island of Newfoundland, /*/* the benefit of the British fishery tkere9 by twh acts, the one made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act to allow the importation of a limited. quantity of biscuit and peas to the island of Newfoundlcindj for the benefit of the British, fishery there;)and the other made in the > sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat and other articles to his majesty's sugar colonies in America, and to the island of Saint Helena, and to the other settlements belonging to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and of biscuit and peas to Newfoundland Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all persons with respect to advising or carrying into execution his majesty's orders of council already made for allowing the exportation of wheat and other articles j) have been found inefficient for the use of the Br irish subjects carrying on the ftjhery at the said island of Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; jpay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16. the

it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this a, Certain qean it shall and may be lawful to ship and export wheat flour, bread, titietofwbeat biscuit, and peas, out of and from the several ports in this king jowwuobe* dom herein after mentioned, to the several places herein after exported to named, for the benefit of the british fishery carried on in those newfound parts, so as the same do not exceed the several quantities respectively limited to those places in any one year, anything in the [b said recited acts, or either of them, to the contrary notwiihftahd from theports ing; (that is to say,) herein after

mentioned.

To the island of Newfoundland, four hundred quarters of wheat flour, two hundred and fifty tonnes of bifeuir, and two hundred quarters of peas.

To Nova Scotia, three hundred quarters of wheat flour, two hundred tonnes of biscuit, and three hundred quarters of peas.

To Bay Chaleur, five hundred quarters of wheat flour, two hundred tonnes of biscuit, and two hundred quarters of, peas.

To Labrador, two hundred quarters of wheat flour, two hundred tonnes of biscuit, and two hundred quarters of peas.

To Newfoundland, three hundred quarters of wheat flour, three hundred tonnes of biscuit, and two hundred quarters of peas.

To Nova Scotia, two hundred quarters of wheat flour, two hundred tonnes of biscuit, and two hundred quarters of peas.

To Bay Chaleur, two hundred quarters of wheat flour, one hundred and fifty tonnes of biscuit, and two hundred quarters of peas.

To Labrador, two hundred quarters of wheat flour, one hundred and fifty tonnes of biscuit, and two hundred quarters of peas.

m To Newfoundland, two thousand five hundred quarters of wheat flour, one thousand one hundred tonnes of biscuit, and one thousand quarters of peas.

To Nova Scotia, two hundred quarters of wheat flour, one hundred tonnes of biscuit, and one hundred quarters of <1 peas.

To Bay Chaleur three hundred quarters of wheat flour, one hundred tonnes of biscuit, and one hundred quarters of peas.

To Labrador, two hundred quarters of wheat flour, one hundred tonnes of biscuit, and one hundred quarters of peas.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. id. f 177s.

To Newfoundland, one thousand five hundred quarters of wheat flour five hundred tonnes of biscuit, and five Hundred quarters of peas.

To Nova Scotia three hundred quarters of wheat flour one hundred and fifty tonnes of biscuit, and one hundred and J fifty quarters of peas

To Bay Chaleur, three hundred quarters of wheat flour, two hundred tonnes of biscuit, and one hundred and fifty quarters of peas.

To Labrador three hundred and fifty'quarters of wheat flour, one hundred and fifty tonnes of biscuit, and one hundred and fifty quarters of peas.

To Newfoundland, one thousand five hundred quarters of wheat flour, five hundred tonnes of biscuit, and six hundred quarters of peas.

To Nova Scotia, three hundred quarters of wheat flour 5 h g 1 tw frun(*re<l tonnes f biscuit, and two hundred quarters f peas.

To Bay Chaleur, three hundred quarters of wheat flour, two hundred tonnes of biscuit, and two hundred quarter of?pease.

To Labrador, three hundred quarters of wheat flour two hundred tonnes of biscuit, and two hundred quarters of peas.

To Newfoundland, foyr hundred quarters of wheat flour if i one hundred and fifty tonnes of biscuit, and one hundred and I fifty quarters of pealp.

Hf To Newfoundland, three hundred quarters of wheat flour,

2|< one hundred and fifty tonnes of biscuit, and one hundred and jg t fifty quarters of peas

|| To Newfoundland, two hundred quarters of wheat flour, S sixty tonnes of biscuit, and one hundred and twenty quarters lof peas.

To Newfoundland, three hundred quarters of wheat flour, one hundred tonnes of biscuit, and one hundred and twenty I quarters of peas,

The said arts Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the au cles to be Tub t'hority aforesaid, That the said articles exported as aforesaid, in [eoirities* etc Pursuance f this act, shall be subject to the like securities, at the onexportati respective ports from whence they are exported, that the same on, as directed shall not be landed or sold in any parts whatsoever other than the by the recited respective places for which the same shall be entered and declared ct 14.Geo. 3. for exportation, and in all other respects not altered by this at shall be liable to such and thi like rules, restrictions, and regulations; and the persons granting or making any false certificate, ojr counterfeiting, erasing, or falsifying any certificate, or know

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 17, 18.

ingly publish ihe such certificate so counterfeited, erased, or fal' fitted, shall be subject to the same disabilities, penalties, and forfeitures, as are respectively prescribed and directed by the said recited act, made in the fourteenth year of his majesty's reign; which penalties and forfeitures shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, and applied, in the manner directed by that ad.

CAP. XVII.

An act for building an additional gaol, and also a prison and house of correction, within the county of Cornwall; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. XVIII.

An act to explain an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the second, intituled An act for the more effectual preventing the forging the acceptance of bills of exchange; or the numbers or principal sums of accountable receipts for notes, bills, or other securities for payment of money; or warrants or orders for payment of money or delivery of goods.

WHEREAS doubts have arisen whether the punishment in flirted by an act of parliament, made and passed in the seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the second, (entitled, An act for the more effectual preventing the forging the acceptance of bills of exchange; or the numbers or principal sums of accountable receipts for notes, bills, or other securities for payment of money; or warrants or orders for payment of money or delivery of goods,) on persons guilty of the several species of forgery therein mentioned, extends to such forgeries when committed with an intention to defraud any corporation; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any person, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, shall falsely make, alter, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, altered, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly ad or assist in the false making, altering, forging, or counterfeiting, any acceptance of any bill of exchange, or the number or principal sum of any accountable receipt for any note, bill, or other security for payment of money, or any warrant or order for payment of money or delivery of goods, with intention to defraud any corporation whatsoever'; or shall utter or publish as true any false, altered, forged, or counterfeited acceptance of any bill of exchange, or accountable recept for any note, bill, or other security for payment of money, or warrant or order for payment of money or delivery of goods, wbh intention to defraud any corporation whatsoever, knowing the same to be false, altered, forged, or counterfeited; every such person, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

Preamble

Ad 7 Geo. recited.

Persons convicted of forging an acceptance of bills of exchange, or receipt for payment of money, etc. with intent to defraud any corporation, shall suffer death as felons.

*4

[Preamble.]

Justicet, cot ofsession, empowered to award coils on de*ermina

tien of com

lose

On refnfal of party to pay, etc the tame may be levied by diitrea.

If the penalty on any con vie tin shall amountto $ 1. the cotts (bait be deduced thereout, etc.

The forma annexed to this act to be used.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 19. [1778.

CAP. XIX.

An act sir the payment of cojh to parties, on complaints determined before justices of the peace out of sessions; for the payment of the charges of constable s in certain cases; and sir the more effectual payment of charges to witnesses and proficutors of any larceny, or other felony.

WHEREAS by the laws now in being, his Majesty's justices of the peace are not sufficiently authorised, on complaints that come before them out of sessions, to award cojls again either the persan or per sins complainings or the persons 0* perj'ons agoinft whom any complaint is modes as to justice may appertain: may it please your Majesty that rt may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That where any complaint shall be made before any of his majesty's justices of the peace for any county, riding, division, city, town corporate, franchise, or liberty, and any warrant or summons shall issue in confluence of such complaipt, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for any justice or justices of the peace, 'who shall have heard and determined the matter of the said complaint, to award such costs to be paid by either of the parties, and in manner and form as to him or them shall seem fit, to the party injured: and in cale any person, so ordered by the said justice or justices of the peace to pay such sums of money as aforesaid, shall not forthwith pay down or give security for the same to the satisfaction of the justice or justices, it shall and may be lawful for the said justice or justices, by warrant under his hand and seal or their hands and seals, to levy the said sum or sums by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such person so refusing or neglecting; and where goods and chattels of such person capnot be iound, to commit such person to the house of correction, for the county, riding, division, city, town corporate, franchise, or liberty, wherein such person shall reside, there to be kept to hard labour for any time nor exceeding one month, nor less than ten days, or until such sum or sums of money, together with the expenses attending the commitment of such person to such house of cor, region, be first paid.

II. Provided nevertheless, That upon the conviction of any person or persons upon any penal Statute or Statutes, where the penalty or penalties shall amount to or exceed the sum of five pounds, the said costs shall be deducted by the said justice or justices, according to his or their discretion, out of the said penalty or penalties, so that the said deduction shall not exceed one fifth part of the said penalty or penalties; and the remainder of the said penalty or penalties shall be paid to, or divided among, the person or persons who would have been entitled to the whole of the penalty or penalties in case this at had not been made.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 19.

That the several forms to this at annexed shall and may in the respective cases be used and observed.

1v. And whereas constables, headboroughs, and tithingmen, are or Confhbto, may be at great charge in doing the bufwefs of their parish, town/hipy etc, shall, every r place, and in many cases are not sufficiently indemnified by the laws; month be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That evpry 0ve7feersaiic constable, headborough, or tithingman, shall every three months, account of and within fourteen days after he shall go out of such office, money by deliver to the overseers of the poor of the said parish, township, t*\cm expend or place, for the time being, a just account in writing, fairly en on account of tered in a book to be kept for that purpose, and signed by him, their respectof all sums so by him expended on account of the said parish, live partfhea township, or place, m all cases not hitherto provided for by the Jaws heretofore made, or by this act, and also of all sums received by him on the account of the said parish, township, or place; and the said overseers of the poor, or their successors, shall, within the next fourteen days after, the said account or accounts shall be so delivered, lay the same before the inhabitants of the said parish, township, or place; and in case the said account or accounts be approved of by the majority of such inhabitants, the overseers of the poor of the said parish, township, or place, for*, the time being, are hereby authorised and required to pay out of the poor rates, made or to be made, for such parish, township, or place, such sum or sums of money as (Jiall appear to be due on the said account or accounts; but in case the said account or If any such accounts, or any part thereof, shall be disallowed, then the saidcc^u/\t, (h3, overseers of the poor for the time being shall then deliver back

to the said constable, headborough, or tithingman, such book ftttlethe same, of accounts, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said constable, headborough, or tithingman, then to produce the said book before any one or more or his majesty's justices of tfce peace in and for the county, riding, division, city, town corporate, franchise, or liberty, wherein such parish or township shall be situate, giving reasonable notice thereof to the overseers of the poor of the said parish, township, or place, for the time being; which said justice or justices is and are hereby authorised to examine the same, and to hear and determine any objection or objections that shall be made to the said accounts, and to settle the lum which to him or them shall appear due on the said account, and to enter the same*in the said account, and tofign his or their name or names thereto 5 and the overseers of the poor of the said parish, township, or place, for the time being, are hereby 1

authorised and required to pay the said sum, out of the money which shall come to their hands by virtue of any rate or assessment made or to be made for the relief of the poor.

V Provided nevertheless, That in case the overseer or over Appeal may seers of the poor of the said parish, township, or place, for the be made from time being, shall find that the said parish, township, or place, is aggrieved by any neglect, act, or thing done, or omitted, by the tion> etc to said constable, headborough, or tithingman, or by any of his the quarter Majesty's justices of foe peace, or shall have any material object feltuui,

tien

16 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 19. [1778.

tien to such account, or any part thereof, or to such determination as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such overseer or overseers, in any of the cases aforesaid, giving reasonable notice to the said justice, constable, headborough, or tithingman, to appeal to the next general or quarter sessions of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, town corporate, franchise, or liberty, where such parish, township, or place lies; and the justices of the peace there assembled are hereby authorised and required to receive such appeal, and to hear and finally determine the same; but if it shall appear to the said justices, that reasonable notice was not given, then they shall adjourn the/aid appeal to the next quarter sessions, and then and there finally hear and who may determine the same; and the said justices may award and order, award cofti. r6 the party for whom such appeal shall be determined reasonable costs, in the same manner that they are empowered to do in case of appeals concerning the settlement of poor persons, by an act made in the eighth and ninth years of King William the third, intituled An act for applying some defers in the laws forth relief of the poor of this kingdom.

Proviso relat

VI. Provided always, That in all corporations or liberties ing to corpo which have not four justices of the peace, it shall and may be rations, etc. ]awful for the overseer or overseers of the poor of the parish, township, or place, for the time being, where an appeal is giver by this act, to appeal, if he or they shall think fit, to the next general or quarter sessions of the peace for the county, riding, pr division, wherein such corporation or liberty is situate.

Recital of an

VII. And whereas, by an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of his A 25 Geo. 1. jate majesty King George the second, intituled An act for the better the*t7andtlns preventing the fts and robberies, and for regulating places of robberies, ate. public entertainment, and punishing persons keeping disorderly houses; it was recited, That whereas many persons are deterred front prosecuting persons guilty of felony, upon account of the expense attending fah prosecutions, which is a cause of the encouragement of thefts; and it was therein, among other things, enacted, That it Should and might be in the power of the court before whom any person has been tried and convicted of any grand or petit larceny, oraother felony, at the prayer of the prosecutor, and on confederation of his circumstances, to order the treasurer of the county in which the offence shall have been committed, to pay unto such prosecutor such sum of money as to the said court shall seem reasonable, not exceeding the expenses which it shall appear to the court the prosecutor was put unto in carrying on such^making him a reasonable allowance for his time and trouble therein; which order the clerk of assize, or clerk of the peace, respectively, was thereby directed and required forthwith to make out, and d of an a deliver unto such prosecutor, upon being paid for the same the sum7 Geo3 2. for f one falling and no more: And whereas, by an act passed in the allowing the twenty seventh year of his late majesty King George the second, retit expenses of ing. That the extence, as well as loss of time, in attending courts of poorwitnesses justice, js a discouragement to the poorer sort to appear as witnesses felony against offenders, who thereby escape the public justice and the punishment due to their crimes; it was enacted, That when any poor per fan

shall

*7

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. ig>

tall appear on recognisance in any court, to give evidence against another accused of any grand or petit larceny, or other felony, it Should and might be in the power of the courts at the prayer and on the oath of fitch person, and cn confederation of his circumstances, in open court to pay unto such person such sum of money as to the said court shall seem reafomble, for his time trouble, and expense j which order the proper officer of such court is required to make out and deliver to such person, upon being paidfor the same the sum of sixpence, and no more: And whereas the foetid recited acts of the twenty-fifth and twenty seventh years of his late majesty King George the second have been a great encouragement towards bringing offenders to justice, in all such cases as are within the purview of the said flames \ but nevertheless it has been found by experience, that the said herein before recited Statute of the twenty seventh year of his said late Majesty* with regard to per fens appearing on recognisance in any court to give evidence as aforesaid, extends only to poor per fans, such court alfe considering their cir cvmfiances; and also does not extend to persons appearing on fubpeena to give evidence: And whereas the said act of the twentyfifth year of his said late Majesty, with regard to prosecutors, directs the court to consider the circumstances of such prosecutor, and also gives him relief only where the offender is convicted: And whereas it is just and rea finable, and may tend in future to the prevention of crimes, or to the due prosecution of all offenders against the laws, that every prosecutor to conviction, and every person fa appearing on recognisance or stub poena to give evidence, Should be allowed his reasonable expenses, and also, in case he be poor, a reasonable satisfaction for his trouble and loss of time; and that such allowance Should be made to prosecutors as aforesaid, even though the person fa accused be acquitted, provided it shall appear to such court, before whom the said prifener shall have been tried, that there was a reasonable ground of prosecution, and that the prosecutor bath bona fide prosecuted 5 be it further enacted by the The court, authority aforesaid, 'That from and after the passing of this a^tore it shall and may be in the power of the court before whom any fried^or fc person has been tried and convicted of any grand or petit larceny, Jony, may or other felony or before whom any person has been tried and order tb acquitted of any grand or petit larceny, or other felony in case treasurer of it shall appear to the said court that there was a reasonable ground etc. toupay*of prosecution and that the said prosecutor hath bona fide prose the prolocutor ruled to order upon prayer of the said prosecutor the treafgrer his expmees, of the county, riding or division, in which the offence shall have been committed, or shall have been supposed to have been committed, to pay unto such prosecutor such sum of money as to the said court shall seem reasonable not exceeding the ex peaces which it shall appear to the court the prosecutor was bona fide put unto in carrying on such prosecution making in case the said prosecutor shall appear tq the court to be in poor cir* curostances* a reasonable allowance to such prosecutor for trouble and loss of time; which order the clerk of assize, or clerk of the peace respectively, is hereby directed and required forthwith to make out and deliver unto such prosecutor upon being paid for the same the sum of one shilling and no more; and the

treasurer

And person appealing in court, on recognisance or subpoena, to give evi

expenets, etc.

18 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 19. f 1778;

treasurer of the said county, riding, or division, is hereby author rized and required, upon sight of such order, forthwith to pay to such prosecutor, or other person authorised to receive the same, such sum of money as aforesaid, and shall be allowed the same in his accounts.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be in the power of the court, where any person hall appear, on recognisance or subpoena, to give evidence as to any grand or petit larceny or other felony, whether any bill of indictment be preferred or not to any grand jury,

dence, shall in provided the said person shall, in the opinion of the said court,

howedtheir c ^gm^avc altenc*c<*court in obedience to such recog a owe eir nizance or subpoena, to order the treasurer of the county, riding,

or division, in which the offence shall have been committed, or shall have been supposed to have been committed, to pay unto such person such sum of money as to the said court shah seem reasonable, not exceeding the expenses which it shall appear to the said court the said person was bona fide put unto by reason of the said recognisance and subpoena, making, in case the said person shall appear to the court to be in poor circumstances, a reasonable allowance to such person for trouble and loss of timej which order the clerk of assize, or clerk of the peace, respectively, is hereby directed and required forthwith to make out and deliver to such person, upon being paid for the same the sum of sixpence, and no more; and the treasurer of the said county, riding, or division, is hereby authorised and required, upon sight of such order, forthwith to pay to such person, or other person authorised to receive the same, such sum of money as aforesaid, and shall be allowed the same in his accounts.

IX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his majesty's justices of the peace, in and for any county, riding, division, cityj town corporate, franchise, or liberty, in quarter feffiens assembled, to lay down or alter, from time to time, such rules and regulations, as to any costs or charges thereafter to be allowed to any person whatsoever, by virtue of any part of thisats, for the better carrying the intent of any pat tot this a<sl into execution, and for the preventing any unnecessary expense, as to them shall seem most just and which are to reasonable; which rules and regulations, having received the bt approved approbation and signatureof one or more of his majesty's judges of oyer and terminer, or general gaol delivery, at the assizes for the county wherein such rules ard regulations shall have been made, shall be binding, and not otherwise, on all persons whatsoever; and ro person whatsoever shall le allowed any greater sum of money, by virtue of this a, than according to the said rules and regulations so approved of as aforesaid, any tiling herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise not with (landing.

X. And be it farther enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if any atflion or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for anything done in pursuance of ihi$.act; that then,

an

The quarter sessions to make regula ttotts for allowing the before mentioned expencesj

of by one of the judges at theaffizei, etc.

Limitation of fcdions.

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 19.

and in every such case, the action or suit shall be brought within six calendar months next after the fat committed; and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in purfbance and by the authority of this act: and if it shall appear io to have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuit, or discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given, upon any verdict or demurrer, against the plaintiff, the defendant and defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as the defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law.

I. Form of awarding costs.

County or Bo^one (or. We

rough, C > and being two (of

to wit. 3 his Mojefys justices of the peace in and for the

of oresaid, in pursuance of an act inode in the eighteenth year of his majesty King George the thirds intituled An act for the payment of costs to parties, on complaints determined before justices of the peace out of sessions; for the payment of the charges of constables in certain cases; and for the more effectual payment of charges to witnesses and prosecutors of any larceny, or other felony; on the complaint of [here state the names of the parties, and the offence generally, and the date] against for

which said complaint was beard and determined Ij on the day of

da award the following cojls to be paid by

videlicet; [here state the costs.]

Given under hand and seal (or

'bands and seals) this day of

in the year of our Lori

II Form of warrant of distress and fate.

to wit.

To the constable of

and to all other his majesty's constables in and for in aforesaid.

WHEREAS of his Majesty's

justices of the peace in and for the aforesaid, in pursuance of an act* made in the eighteenth year oj his

C % Majesty

19

[General issue.]

[Treble costs.]

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 19. f 1778^.

tnajefiy King George the third, intituled An act for the payment of costs to parties, on complaints determined before justices of the peace out of sessions; for the payment of the charges of constables in certain cases; and for the more effectual payment of charges to witrtefles and prosecutors of any larceny, or other felony; have awarded, on the of

now iajl pafi, on the complaint of against

for the following cofis to be paid by

videlicet; [here ftaje the sum: J And whereas the said being ordered by the said justice

(or justices) to pay such sum (or sums) as aforesaid, hath not paid down or given security for the same, to the satisfaction of the said justice or justices)) are therefore to command you, and each and every of you, to levy the said sum of by difirefs and sale of the goods and chattels of the said and do hereby order and dir eft the goods and chattels so to bi

distrained to be sold and di/posed of within

days, unless the said sum of'for which such

itflrefs shall be made, together vnth the reasonable charges of taking and keeping such difir efs, shall be sooner paid, and you are hereby ajfb commanded to certify unto what you shall have

done by virtue oj this warrant.

Given under hand andfeal (or hands and

foals) at the day of

in the year of our Lord

III Confi able's return thereon, for want of difir efs.

to wit.

7 T constable of

3 X do hereby certify to 4

justice for justices) of the peace of that I have made diligent search for, but do not know, nor can find any goods and chattels of by difirefs and sale whereof I may levy the sum

pursuant to warrant for that purpose,

dated the day of

Given under my hand, this day of in

LV Commitment thereupon to the house of correction

J To the constable of Unit. > and also to the keeper of the house of correction) at

t

WHERE

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. ao  22.

WHEREAS, in pursuance of an act made in the eighteenth year of his majesty King George the third, intituled An act for the payment of costs to parties, on complaints determined before justices of the peace out of sessions; for the payment of the charges of constables in certain cases; and for the more effectual payment of charges tovwitnesses and prosecutors of any larceny, or other felony; - of his Majesty's justices of the peace, in and for the said did issue

warrant of distress and sale, directed to owl conjhable of the said of

ordering the said constable to levy the said sum of of the goods and chattels of the said in manner and form as therein is mentioned: and whereas it appears to by the return of constable of dated the day of that be hath made diligent search, but doth not know of nor can find any goods and chattels of the said by distress and [ale

whereof the said sum of may be levied, pursuant to the said warrant: these are therefore to command you, the said constable of, to apprehend the said

and convey the said to the said house ofcorreflion at

and to deliver the said there to

the said keeper of the said house of correction: and these are also to command you, the said keeper of the said house of correction, to receive the said into the said house of correction, and

there to keep to hard labour for the space of from the

date hereof or until such sum of together with the expenses attending the commitment of the said to the said house of correction, be first paid, or until the said be discharged by due course of law.

t

Given under band andfeal (or bands and seals) at

the day of

CAP. XX.

An act for further continuing the duties granted by three acb made in the fifth and twenty-fifth years of his late majesty King George the second, and in the third year of his present majesty's reign, for enlarging the pier and harbour of Scarborough, in the county of York.

CAP. XXI.

An act for the more effectually carrying into execution the powers contained in two several acts of parliament, the one made in the twelfth year of his present Majesty's reign9fir making a navigable cut or caned from the river Dee, vntbin the liberties of the city of Chester, to or near Middlewich, wnantwich, in the county of Chester j and the other made in the seventeenth year of his said Majesty's reign, for varying and enlarging the powers of the said former act.

CAP. XXII.

An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for / efublishing a lottery.

[Preamble.]

6, 000, 0001. to be raised by annuities, and 4x0, 000l. by a lottery. Contributors to the sum of 6, 000, 0001. to be entitled to certain annuities j which dull be charged upon a fund to be established this session,

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 22. [1778.

and collaterally upon the sinking fund. Contributors may have the annuity of1. ios. percent, for life, instead of for 30 years, upon producing a proper certificate to the auditor of the exchequer before Dec., 1778. Every contributor of 5q0l shall, upon payment of 40l. more, be entitled to four lottery tickets. Preamble; reciting that books have been opened at the bank, and deposits made, pursuant to a resolution of the house of commons. All perfops who have made deposits, pursuant to the aforesaid resolution, are required to pay the remainder of there subscriptions at certain times specified. Subscribers to the annuities to be allowed interest for all moneys paid in advance. Subscribers to the lottery, on paying in the whole of their subscriptions, shall receive tickets to the amount thereof. Subscribers to the 6, 000, 0001. entitled to an annuity of 3l. percent and also to an annuity of at. 10s. for 30 years both payable half yearly. All contributors who shall pay in the whole of their contribution money before June 30, 1778, may receive the half year's annuity due July 5, 1778, on the annuity Of % I. 10 s. when they receive the half year's aunuity due on the 3 percent. otherwise they shall not receive the said annuity until Jan 1779. Annuities to be payable and transferrable at the bank of England, etc. Cashier of the bank to give receipts to contributors for money received $ which shall be assignable, etc. Directions for the cashier in relation to such receipts. Cashier to give security, to the good liking of the cotnroiffioners Of the treasury; and to pay all moneys received into the exchequer. Commissioners of the treasury empowered to apply the money paid in by the cashier. A book to be provided in the accountant general office, in which contributors names shall be entered, etc. After contributors shall have paid their subscriptions, they will be entitled to receive the annuities granted by this act; which shall be tax free. Subscriptions paid in part, and not completed, shall be forfeited to the public. As loon as contributors have completed their payments, the Aims subscribed shall, in the books of the bank, be placed to their credit. accountant general, on payment of 35l. percent, of their contributions, before Dec. 18, 1778, to give credit to the contributors for the annuity of1. 10 s. which shall be transferrable. Certain rates appropriated for payment of the annuities granted by this a. Governor, etc. of the bank to appoint a chief caqiier, and accountant general. Moneys to be issued at the exchequer to the chief cashier, for payment of annuities created by this ah accountant general to examine receipts and payments. Annuities to be deemed per tona| estate. Books to be kept by the accountant general, wherein shall be en.ered alf transfers of sums advanced on this act Method of transferring. The annuities of1. 10 s percent, per ann. shall be a separate Hock from the other annuities. Persons possessed of (fock may devise the same by will, etc. Commissioners of the treasury to discharge ail incidental charges attending the excution of this act. The 3 percent. annuities granttd by this act shall be added to the joint (lock or 3 per cetranq ferrable at the bank, etc. The bank to continue a company till redemption of the annuities. 480, 000b to be raised by a lottery; the prizes whereof to be paid out of any supplies granted this session. Guardians, having the disposal of infants money, may contribute to the loan, etc. Contributors, for every tool, they shall advance, to be entitled to an annuity of1. ios. per annum for 30 years, or for life Lite annuities to be paid at the exchequer half yearly. Cashiers of the bank to give certificates to contributors who chuie life annuities, which may be assigned before dcc.i 1, 1778. Cashiers to transmit to^the auditor of, the exchequer a book containing the names of the contributors, etc. Contributors shall deliver their certificates to the auditor, before Dec., 1778, to be exchanged for orders; and name their nominees. Auditor to cause orders for payment to be made out as soon at convenient, which shall be signed by the of of the treasury. Books to be kept in the offices of the auditor and clerk of the pells, containing the names of the contnbq tors, etc. Part of the money to arise from the new duties to be set apart for payment of the annuities on lives. On death of nominees, annuities to cease Life annuities may be transferred. Transfer to be entered at the exchequer When contributors, etc. demand payment of their annuities in the absence of their nominees, they must prodace Certificates of

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 22.

[Proviso.]

their being alive on the day when the respective half yearly payments become due. What certificate neccfliry when the nominee resides in England or Wales. What certificate necessary when the nominee resides in Scotland or Ireland; or in parts beyond the seas. Penalty on persons le ceiving a half yearly payment for any time after the death of their nominee. Contributors, within a month after notice of the death of their no tiunt e, to certify the same to the auditor of the exchequer, etc. on penalty of 101, Annuities to be tax free. Commissioners of the treasury, on receiving a proper certificate from the chief baron, etc. of the exchequer, fnay caulc new orders to be made in lieu of such as shall be'loft, burnt, etc. or defaced, or encumbered with assignments. Clause for pr eventing frauds relating to (landing orders, etc. Offenders to suffer death as felons. No tee to be taken for receiving or paying contribution moneys, or for any transfer, etc. Penalty on officers of the exchequer who shall demand any such fee, or milappjy the moneys, etc. Officers, in certain cases, not to incur any penalty or making wrong payments. If the fund to be tfta blilhtd for payment of the annuities (hou d prove infiifficienr, the deficiency to be supplied out of the sinking hind; which moneys shall be replaced out of the next supplies. If the fund shall be more than Sufficient to pay the annuities, the surplus to be rdervtd for the disposition of parliament. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery books. Ticket. Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and de'iver them to the cashiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the same. Cashiers to return the books, with the undifpoted tickets, with an account of moneys paid*iir. i Undisposed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fastened with thread or silk; and cur off indent wile into a box marked with the letter (A). Box to be locked up, and sealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 48, 000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets. 10001, to each first drawn ticket of the first 10 Jays, and xooool. to the latt drawn. Tickets of the last mentioned book to be rolled up and tied. Public notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes Lottery to begin drawing on Nov. t6, 1778. Method to be oblvrved in drawing, tc. Number of the fortunate tickets, and the Turns to be printed. Disputes to be adjusted by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets. See. Felony. Offenders, not in prison, discovering persons guilty, to receive a pardon, and 50l. reward. Managers to be sworn. The oath. Cashier may receive the Turns subscribed, before receiving toe lottery book, giving a note for the Tame which shall entitle the bearer to a ticket for every 101, (o paid. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their deposits with rei'ped to the lottery; and the tickets for such Turns to be delivered into the exchequer. Commissioners of the treasury may reward the managers, etc. as they shall think fit. Limitation of the Tale of chances, See. Penalty. Office keepers, C selling shares in tickets of which they are not possessed, forfeit 5001, and fuffier months imprisonment. After April 18, 1778, no person to keep a lottery office without a licence. Each licence to coll 501, and shall be granted under the hands and seals of two managers. Licence to see forth the name of the person taking out the same, etc and to continue in force for one year. Persont keeping any office contrary to this act, to forfeit 1001. Produce of the duty on licences to be applied towards defraying the expenses of the lottery. No person to sell any share of a ticket less than a sixteenth, on penalty of 501. Penalty on persons promising to pay any money upon any chance relating to the drawing of the lottery, contrary to this all. No business to be t ran faded at any lottery office after eight in the evening. Exception. Two justices may summon offenders against this act, ana, on proof of the offence, convict them in penalties, etc. If penalties are not immediately paid, they may be levied by distress. On failure of distress, offender to be committed. Any person fprging a licence, shall forfeit 500 h etc. Commissioners of the treasury to establish an office in London, and to appoint a person to coodud the business thereof; with whom all tickets, before they are divided into hares, shall be deposited. All shares to be stamped by the officer, who

*4 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 23, 24. [1778.

shall give a receipt for every ticket deposited with him. Form of receipt

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

All tickets depobted in the office, to remain there three days after drawing. The numbers of all tickets deposited in the office to be entered in a book, with the names of the owners, and the number of shares into which they are divided, ad. for each share to be paid to the officer on deposit ing tickets in the office i who shall therewith pay all expenses incident to the office. Penalty on idling any share of a ticket without a (bmp. Application thereof. Penalty on forging or altering receipts, or uttering the same with a fraudulent intention. No person shall keep any office for the sale of tickets, etc. in Oxford or Cambridge, on penalty of so 1. Offenders may be prosecuted in the vice-chancellor's court. Forfeitures may be levied by distress, etc. Proceeding not to be removed by Certiorari, until sufficient surety is given to prosecute the same with effect, etc. This act not to prejudice the privileges and jurisdictions of the mayor, etc. of Oxford. Offences committed in Ireland against British acts for preventing unlawful lotteries, made punishable*may be sued forfn Dublin. The 480, 000). for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on 'any supplies granted this session 5 and shall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, on March t, 1779, etc. Manageis to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, etc. and signed, etc. No see to be taken for receiving or pay ing the contribution mpnies, or for any receipts, etc. on penalty of sol.

CAP XXIII

An act for appointing of to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, intituled, Am a8 for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for toe fenuice of the year one thousand seven bunarsd andfruinty ergbt, together with thdfe named is two former aftt for appointing commissioners of the land tax.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for allowing the re importation of unmanufactured tobacco from foreign parts, although the same may have been sold abroad \ and the importation of tobacco toe growth and product of the island of Dominica, Under certain regulations and rejirictions.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS tobacco, and other foreign goods, exported from Great Britain to Holland, and other foreign parts of Europe, are frequently returned from thence for want of a mar let abroad, and are permitted to be entered in this kingdom, at the same ports from whence they were so exported, upon the proprietors proving the identity of the goods so returned, and that the property has not been (hanged ftnee the exportation thereof: and whereas it is expedient to permit, for a limited time, unmanufactured tobacco so exported to be returned into any port within this kingdom, altbovgo the same may have been sold abroad be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament Unmanufac assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and tured tobacco after the thirteenth day of April, one thousand seven hundred exported (rom and seventy eight, and until the first day of March, one thou ma^be rerim knc* ^cvc" hundred arm seventy nine, and from thence to the poned, during the then next session of parliament, any unmanufactured,

alimited times tobacco, which shall have been or may be exported from any port in Great Britain to any foreign parts in Europe, may be

rc*

*5

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 24.

te imported and returned by any person or persons, in any ship or vessel, into any port in Great Britain under the Following restrictions, whether such tobacco hath been sold in foreign parts after the exportation thereof, or not, any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enabled by the Such tobacco authority aforesaid, 'That such tobacco shall be returned in the [nthe w^ina? original packages in which the same was exported from this packages kingdom, and in no other, having also the same marks and the same numbers as were seton them by the officers of his majesty's mark and customs at the time of their original importation into this king nun|br*, ctc. dom, excepting onfy in such cases where, from length of time

or reparation of casks, some part of the marks and numbers being obliterated, 'the remaining part shall be satisfactory to the of or principal officers of his majesty's customs of the ports to which such tobacco shall be returned; and the im and theimpor porter or owner of fitch tobacco shall make proof on oath, beter, etc. to fore the collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of jjatltb bri his majesty's customs, at the port where such tobacco shall be th plantation reimported, (which oath, they are hereby authorised to admi tobacco, and nifter) that the tobacco so returned is, to the best of their know "a8 e*pdrte* ledge and belief, British plantation tobacco, and was originally kingdom, exported from this kingdom, having been bought for him or them, by his or their agents, as such; and such tobacco shall be Duties to be liable to the same duties as would have been due for the same Pa, d for th upon the first importation thereof into this kingdom; which du tome ties shall not be afterwards drawn back or allowed upon the reexportation of such tobacco to any parts beyond the seas, except to Ireland; and such tobacco shall, in all other respects not altered by this act, be subject to the same restrictions, rules, and regulations, penalties and forfeitures, as it would be subject and liable to if this act had not been made.

III. And whereas by an act made in the Jixthyear of the reign Preamble; of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for opening and establishing certain ports in the islands of Jamaica and Dominica, 01

for the more free importation and exportation of certain goods and merchandizes; for granting certain duties to defray the expences of opening, maintaining. Teeming, and improving, such ports; for ascertaining the duties to be paid upon the importation of goods from the said island of Dominica into this kingdom; and for fectiring the duties upon goods imported from the said istand into any other British colony,) it is amongst other things enacted, That all goods and commodities of American produce which Jbatt he imported into Great Britain, (except such quantities of sugar and rum as shall be imported by certificate, as therein after ts mentioned) shall be deemed and taken to be goods and commodities of the growth, produce, or manufacture of foreign colonies or plantations, and shall be liable to the same duties, regulations, and restrictions* penalties and forfeitures, in all respects as the like goods of the growth, produce or manufacture of any French colony or plantation would be habit toby law: and whereas, in order to encourage the growth of

i6 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 25. [1778.

tobacco in the aid island of Dominica, it is expedient to permit the importation of it from thence into this kingdom, under the like limitations and rejl riel ions as sugar and rum may, by the said recited act, be imported from thence \ be it therefore enacted by the authority Tobacco the aforesaid That, from and after the passing of this act, any to produdof bacco, being the growth and product of the said island of do ma^be^m w*0jca> maymported from thence into Great Britain, under ported into certificate, in like manner, and under such regulations and re Great Britain, ftridions, as sugar and rum, the growth and produce of the said under such island, are allowed, by the said recited act of the sixth year of fi^ar^nd rum majesty's rc'gn> to be imported into Great Britain; and such. itrcyuowc^by to^acco ft*ah beto the same duties, m.d. in all other re the above spedts subject to the like rules, regulations, restrictions, securi reciudad; ties, penalties, and forfeitures, and entitled to the same draw and shall be backs and allowances, as tobacco, the growth and produce of liable to the the British colonies or plantations in America, are subject and LI same duties, able to by law, anything in the said recited dd, or any other

the^owtho?to contrary notwithstanding.

the briboi

IV. And whereas a parcel of tobacco hath been lately imported into colonies in the port of London, from the said if and of Dominica, and is now America. secured under the joint locks of his Majesty and the proprietor, in a Certain tobac warehouse in that port; and it is reasonable that the importer of such co lately im* tobacco Should receive the benefit intended by this act, be it therefore ported to be further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may this act m lawful for the of of his majesty's customs, or any four of them to order the said tobacco to be delivered to the importer thereof, upon payment of the like duties, under the like rules and regulations as tobacco of the growth of the British colonies or plantations in America is subject and liable to, provided it shall be made appear to them, by the oath of the importer or otherwise, to their satisfaction, that such tobacco wa really and truly the growth and produce of the said island of Dominica.

Cap. xxv.

An act for alloying corn, grain, and flour, imported into the ports of Portiniouth, Sandwich, Chichester, tf^chester, to be landed without payment of the duties, under the like restrictions as corn, grain, and flour, is allowed to be landed at the fiveral ports mentioned in an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Myefly, intituled An act to regulate the importation and exportation of corn.

Preamble 1,117

WHEREAS by an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reciting ad reign of his present Mafijly, (entitled, An act to regulate ij Geo. 3. |jle importation and exportation of corn) it is enacted, That in case any wheat, or wheat flour, rye, peas, beans, barley, beer, bigg, or oats, hall be imported into any or either of the ports in the said act particularly mentioned, at any time when the duties not repealed by the said oft shall be due and payable for such species of com, grain, orflour, respectively, the same, upon dm entry thereof, may beforthwith landed

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 26.

from on board the ship cr vssel in which such jpecics of corn grain, or flour, shall be so imported, in the presence of the proper officer cross fleers of the customs, without payment of the said duties, under certain refirift ions and regulations in the said act mentioned and prescribed: And whereas it is expedient that corn, grain, and flour, imported into the ports of Portsmouth, Sandwich, Chichester, and Chester, at any time when the duties not repealed by the said act shall be due and payable for such Jpecics of corn, grain, or flour respectively, Should in like manner be landed without payment of the said duties; may it therefore pkafe your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in case any wheat or wheat flour, rye, peas, beans, barley, beer, bigg, or oats, shall be imported into the said ports of Portsmouth, Sandwich, Chichester, and Chester, at any time when the duties not repealed by the said act shall be due and payable for such species of corn, grain, or flour respectively, the same, upon due entry thereof, may be forthwith landed from on board the ship or vessel in which such species of corn, grain, or flour, shall be so imported, in the presence of the proper officer or officers of the customs, without payment of the said duties; and such corn, grain, and flour, shall belubjed and liable to be warehoused, and to be delivered in the same manner, and under and subject to the like securities, conditions, regulations, and restrictions, as corn, grain, and flour, imported into any or either of the several ports mentioned in the said a, are subjectt and liable to, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the said ports of Portsmouth, Sandwich, Chichester, Und Chester, had been included in the said act, any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon all inhabited houses within the kingdom of Great Britain.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your majesty's most dutiful, and loyal subjects, (he commons or Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies, which we have freely granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have reiolved to give and grant so your Majesty the several new rates and duties herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and con fenr of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sevenry eight, the several duties upon houses with their appurtenances herein after mentioned, (hu be charged, raised, levied, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors,

by

*7

Wheat, flour,

etc. imported at Portsmouth, Sandwich, Chichester, or Chester, at any time wlun the duties not repealed by the recited act at e due, may, ou due entry thereof, be landed, without payment of the said duties, etc.

[Preamble.]

After July j, 1778, the following new duties to be paid by the occupiers of

18

houses in 7 Great Britain; viz. for all houses worth 51. a year and under 501. 6d. in the pound; and for all worth 50l. a year and upwards, 11. in the pound.

The new duties to be paid over and above those charged on houses by the alt Geo. 3.

The duties, in England and Wales, to be paid quarterly

and in Scotland halt ycaily.

The duties to be charged on the occupiers, and not on the landlords.

Warehouses, eta not liable to the new duty;

nor poor persons who are

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 26. [1778.

by the occupiers thereof respectively; (that is to say,) Upon and for every dwelling house inhabited, together with the household offices therewith occupied, which now are, or shall hereafter be, erected within the kingdom of Great Britain, and which are, or for the time being shall be, worth the yearly relit of five pounds and upwards, and under the yearly relit of fifty pounds, the yearly sum gf sixpence in the pound; and upon and for every dwelling house inhabited, together with the household offices therewith occupied, which now are, or hereafter shall be, erected within the kingdom of Great Britain, and which are, or for the time being shall be, worth the yearly relit of fifty pounds and upwards, the yearly sum of one shilling in the pound, to be estimated and ascertained in manner herein after expressed.

II. Provided nevertheless, abd it is the true intent and meaning of this act, that the said several yearly sums of sixpence and one shilling in the pound, hereby respectively charged as aforesaid, shall be paid over and above, and in addition to, the respective duties charged upon houses, by virtue of an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the several duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other duties upon houses, windows, and lights.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said several duties by this act granted as aforesaid, shall, in that part of Great Britain called England, and in Wales, be paid quarterly, on the four most usual days of payment in the year; (that is to say,) the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October, in every year, by equal portions; the first payment thereupon to be made on the tenth day of October next: and in that part ot Great Britain called Scotland, on or before the twenty ninth day of September yearly, for the half year betwixt whitsunday and martinmas day \ and on or before the twenty-fifth day of March yearly, for the half year betwixt Martinmasiday and whitsunday.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said duties granted by this act, as aforesaid, shall be charged Qrtly upon the inhabitants of occupiers for the time being of the houses or tenements hereby charged, his, her, or their respective executors or administrators, and not on the landlord or landlords who let or demised the same.

V. And whereas several manufactures, trades, occupations and callings, necessarily require warehouses and buildings requisite for carrying them on, by reason whereof the persons concerned therein are obliged to pay large rents, or have laid out considerablo sums thereon, and it may be a great hardship upon such persons to be rated to the full extent of their respective rents, or of the value of the premises abovementioned, be it further enacted and - declared, That such premises shall not be liable to the duty imposed by this act, but the assessment shall be made on the dwelling house only with the household offices belonging to it.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 26. 19

aforesaid, That no duty shall be imposed, assessed, or levied, not rated to by virtue of this at, for or in respet of any dwelling house, church and cottage, or tenement, whereof the occupier or occupiers, by rea ^oorm son of his, her, or their poverty only, is or are exempted from the atual payment of usual taxes, assessments, and contributions.

Cowards the church and poor.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. How th du that the duties by this at imposed as aforesaid shall be assessed, tiesgranted by raised, levied, collected, and received, by persons to be appointed a

by the same authority, and shall be paid into his majesty's ex collected, etc. chequer for the purposes in this at expressed, in such and the

like form and manner, and with such allowances, and under such penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, and according to such rules, methods, and directions, as are prescribed or appointed for assessing, raising, levying, collecting, receiving, and paying, the duties on houses and windows or lights, in and by an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the several rates and duties upon houses, 10 Geo. *. windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other rates and Cap 3. duties upon houses, windows, or lights 5 and for raising the sum of four millions four hundred thousand pounds by annuities, to be charged an the said rates or duties; and by another act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, intituled An act Capto enforce the execution of an act of this session of parliament, for granting to his Majesty several rates and duttes upon houses, windows, or lights; and by an act, made in the twenty first year of his said late majesty's reign, intituled An act for explaining, amending, 21 go. and further enforcing the execution of an act passed in the last session cap. io. tf parliament, intituled An act for repealing the several rates and duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights; and for raising the sum of four millions four hundred thousand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the said rates or duties; and by an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, intituled An act for the more ef-^qco u feftnal levying of the duties upon windows or lights, in that part of cap. 17.

Great Britain called Scotland; and by an act, made in the thirty first year of the reign of his said late Majesty, intituled An act Geo. , for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon offices and cap. penftons\ and upon houses; and upon windows or lights; and for raising the sum of five millions by annuities, and a lottety, to be charged on the said rates and duties; and by an at, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act % Geo. 3. for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon windows or cap.and by the said herein before mentioned at, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, or by any of them, so far as the famejaow remain in force, or are not altered by this at; and that all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things now in force, contained in the said several ats, or any of them, for the assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the rates and

39

The duties granted by this act u le applied towards payment of the annuities granted by the lottery act of Ibis session.

The assessors to be allowed d. for each house for the sir It assessment.

Commissioners sot executing the before mentioned acts to execute this act;

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 26. [1778.

and duties thereby granted, shall be in full force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in execution, throughout the whole kingdom of Great Britain, for the assessing, raising, levying, col jesting, and paying, the several duties upon houses or tenements by this act granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as the same are or may be, for the assessing, raising, jevy.ng, collectirtg, and charging, the rates and duties granted by the aforesaid acts, or any of them so far as the said powers authorities, rules, and penalties, are applicable hereunto, and not altered by*this act; and that all moneys arising by the said duties granted by this act (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer at Westminster.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in the office of the auditor of the said receipt shall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the moneys arising by the said rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt of the exchequer as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the aid moneys, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer, shall, together with the additional duties on wine^and vinegar, granted by an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty several additional duties upon wines and vinegar imported into this kingdom, be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses, as are directed to be paid in pursuance of an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery; and the same shall not be issued or applied to any other use, intent, or purpose whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, for and in consideration of the extraordinary care and pains requisite in making and adjusting the first assessment to be made in carrying this act into execution, theafleftbr or afitefiors shall have an allowance for such first assessment of threepence for each house assessed by him, her, or them respectively; he had and received from the respective receivers general, their deputy or deputies, who are hereby appointed and directed to pay the same accordingly/and who shall be allowed the same in passing their accounts.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, for the better execution of this act, and for the ordering, raising, levying, collecting, and paying the duties hereby granted, the of authorised or appointed, or who shall be hereafter authorised or appointed, for putting in execution the said herein before mentioned acts, or any of them, shall be of for putting in execution this present act, and the powers therein contained, in all and every the respective counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places respectively within Great Britain; and that the said of.

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 26.

midioners, in order to the speedy execution of this act, shall, in and for that their respective counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, cities, bo purpose to roughs, cinque ports, towns, and places, for which they are or before April shall be appointed commissioners respectively, meet, on or before 50, 1778, the thirtieth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and shall in like manner meet yearly, and every and before year, at such day or time as. the said of for the time april 3* being shall think proper to appoint, before the thirtieth day of y^.y t erc april yearly, and shall then divide themselves to ad in separare< districts, and proceed in the execution of this present act, for af feising, raising, levying, and collecting the duties hereby granted as aforesaid, in such and the same manner, and under the same regulations and directions, as are prescribed by the said before mentioned acts, or any of them, with respect to the rates and duties thereby imposed (except in such cases in which an % altera tien is made by this act.)

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if by Iq case there any neglect or default there shall not have been a meeting of Pot*the said of, and a due execution of the several pow ers hereby created, within or at the time or times, or according sioners within the manner or circumstances directed or prescribed in and by the time LI this present act, it shall and may tie lawful for the said commil " ted by sioners, or any two or more of them, in all and every the respective counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, and towns, in Great Britain respectively, wherein such default shall have happened, to meet and execute the said powers at any other time or rhymes, anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and they are hereby they arere authorised and required forthwith, or as soon as may be after quired to meet the time or times at which such meetings (hold have been held, be^hcreafrer^ and such powers (hold have been executed, according to the and to put this dirediens of this present act, to meet and execute the lame, so aft in cxccu as that the said rates and duties be duly and effectually charged, raised, levied, collected, and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and fucctffois, for the uses in this act, notwithstanding any such omission or desect; and all such meetings and acts of the said of, or any two or more of them, shall be deeme and are hereby declared to be good and valid to all intents and purposes, notwithstanding any such omission or defect as aforesaid.

XII. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said of shall cause notice to be inserted, in the precepts to be from time to time directed by them to the inhabitants of the parishes or places within their respective districts or divisions whom they shall think fit to be presentors or assessors under the said before roeiitioned acts, or any of them, that such persons are also appointed assessors of the duties upon houses or tenements granted by this act.

XIII. And, for the more effectual levying and collecting the duty imposed by this act in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, be it enacted and declared, That in c?fe at any tipi? the commissioner

Notice to be inserted in the comm'flionns precepts that th? alitssors under the before mentioned acts.are appointed af fessors under this act.

If the of of supply in*-

1 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. a6. [i yj8.

Scotland Ibdl missioners of supply in that part of the kingdom shall neglect to nefnt^tefforv app*nt assessrs* or n case the assessors by them appointed shall etc."the fur * neglect to perform what is required of them by this act, that veyors ap then, or in such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the pointed under surveyor or surveyors, appointed under the authority of any the ft FC before*rcc*tc<* to do ad perform such and the likeservices as are by t, lis or any fqtmcr a required from the said assessors. duty. And it is hereby further declared, That whep the

and shall t surveyors an the capacity of assessors, they shall be entitled to entitled to the the same reward as is provided for the assessors in this act, for same reward, the assessment made in the present year.

Assessors to be

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, sworn. That every person to be appointed assessor as aforesaid shall, before

he presumes to act in the execution of the said office or employment, take (besides the oaths required to be taken by af feflors by the aforesaid acts, or any of them) an oath, or, being one of the people called Quakers, make and subscribe the solemn affirmation, in the following form:

The oath. T A.B. do [wear, (or affirm, as the case may require) than in JL tbf assessment 'which hall make of the houses and household offices within the district or parish for which L am appointed an ojfeffior, / will rate each at the true annual value, according to the hest of my judgement and skill; and that I will truly and faithfully execuie the trujh reposed in me, by virtue of an act of the eighteenth year of his present majesty^for imposing a new duty on all houses of five pounds a year, and upwards.

So help me GOD.

Assessor ailing before be is sworn, shall forfeit sol.

Application of the penalties.

Assessors to ascertain, annually, the full yearly relit of all

Which oath or affirmation any two or more of the of in the county, Shire, stewartry, city, or place, where the said assessment is said to be made, are hereby empowered and required to administer.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person to be appointed assessor, shall presume to act in the execution of the said office or employment, before he shall have taken the aforesaid oath, (except such person shall be a quaker, and shall have made such affirmation as aforesaid)) shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of twenty pounds; to be recovered In any court of record, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, nor more chan one imparlance, shall be allowed; and that the forfeitures or penalties so to be incurred (all necessary charges for the recovery thereof being first deducted) shall be distributed, one moiety thereof to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or her who shall inform or sue for the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such persons, to be appointed assessors as aforesaid, do and shall, before the tenth day of Septmber in the present year, and in all future years before the twenty-fourth day of Jumy efti

o mat

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 26. $3

mate and ascertain, according to the best of their skill and judge occupied ment, the full and just yearly relit, which every such dwelling house, with the household offices therewith occupied and hereby and to a(fej9*charged as aforesaid, within the limits and places for which they them accord are to ad, is really and bona fide worth to be let; and do and ingiyt shall make an assessment in writing of sixpence in the pound. All thofeof according to such estimate or valuation, upon the occupier or 5* ayfar occupiers of every such dwelling house, together with other the 5 d"in^he*premises as aforesaid therewith occupied, of the yearly value of p0und$ five pounds and upwards, and under the yearly relit of fifty pounds, in respect thereof; and of one shilling in the pound, and all those according to such estimate or valuation, upon the occupier or vtard*r occupiers of every such dwelling house, together with other the sfinyhe1

premises as aforesaid therewith occupied, of the yearly value of pound, fifty pounds and upwards, in respect thereof: and do and shall, Assessors to by writing under their respective hands, certify the number of certify to the houses, and other the premises together with each of such houses of occupied respectively, charged by this act, within the limits of houitls^uh0' such places as aforesaid, together with the rents estimated and the Names of ascertained as aforesaid for or in respect of the same respectively; the occupiers, and the names of the several occupiers or inhabitants thereof re and the sums spectively; and the several sums of money charged on and payable by them, for or in respect of the same, by virtue of this act;and likewise do and shall, on or before the tenth day of siptem her in the present year, and in all future years on or before the twenty-fourth day of June in every year, deliver the certificates r assessments, to be made by them respectively as aforesaid, unto the said of, or any two or more of them.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, nthe

That the said of, to whom such assessments shall be ^ctfinenls, delivered in pursuance of this act, or any two of them, shall, within the space of one calendar month next after the receipt of the same respectively, or as soon after as conveniently may be, set their hands to the said respective assessments, and to such surcharge or surcharges as shall or may have been made in the mean time, either by the same assessors, or by such surveyor or fur veyoi s as is or are herein after mentioned, testifying their allowance of the same; and shall likewise nominate and appoint two and t appoint of the persons named in each of such assessments to becolledors, forvad^divi or any other two such persons as they shall think able and re fion, fponfible, for the respective divisions and places for which they shall be so presented, and shall forthwith deliver, or cause to be delivered, such assessments so by them allowed of, unto the re to whom the spective persons by them nominated to be collectors for each (da. year respectively, who are hereby enjoined and required to colet

led and pay the duties hereby afiefled, and to give acquittances for the same; for whose paying unto the receiver-general now appointed, or for the time being to be appointed by his Majesty, or by the of of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treasurer or the of of the treasury for the time being, in manner hereby directed, such vol. XXXII D'money

|4

Directions for appointing assessors, etc. in privileged places.

Commissioners required to peruse the certificates etc. which shall be delivered to them, and to examine the alfcssors; etc.

and if they suspect that any house is omitted or undercharged, they may um jnon the occupier to appear before them.

How of are to act if the persons summon. od do not appear, etc.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 26. [1778.

money as they shall be charged withal, the parish or place for which they arc so employed shall be answerable.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in all privileged and other places being extra parochial, and not within the constable wicks or precincts of the respective assessors to be appointed by virtue of this a, the said of or any three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required to nominate and appoint two fit persons living in or near the said privileged or other places as aforesaid, to be assessors for the said places, and to make and return their said assessments in like manner as by this a & is appointed in any parish, tything, or place; and also to appoint two or more collectors, who are hereby required ta collect and pay the same according to the rates appointed by this act for collecting and paying all sums of money payable by this act.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of, or any three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required ftrichy to peruse the certificates or assessments, which by this act are before directed to be annually delivered to them, and also to examine the assessors and presentors thereof; and if the said of, or any three of them, within their several limits or divisions, shall, at the time of the delivery of such certificates or assessments, or within ten days after, have certain knowledge or cause to suspect that any house, or other premises as aforesaid therewith occupied, which ought to be charged by this act, is or are omitted in such certificates; or that any house, or other such premises, is or are undercharged, or not duly charged according to the directions of this act; the said of, or any three or more of them, shall have power to summon the person or persons occupying such house or tenement to appear before them at a day and place to be prefixed, of which three days notice at least shall be given; and if any person or persons summoned shall neglect to appear, the said of may proceed to amend such assessments, and to charge such occupier with such rate as shall appear reasonable from the evidence before them; and moreover the Paid of to whom such certificates or assessments shall be delivered, or any three of them, or any other three of of the respective counties, shires, or stewartries, where such assessments shall be made, shall have power, and are hereby required by all lawful ways and means, to examine and inquire into and concerning the annual value of any house, and other such premises as aforesaid therewith occupied, charged in or by any such assessment, or which shall have been omitted to be charged therein, and thereupon to enlarge, alter, abate, or diminish, the said assessments, so to be delivered to such of, to the end that such duty may be set and imposed upon every such house or tenement according to the true intent and meaning of this at; and the said of, or any three or more of them, shall, after such perusal and examination thereof, set their hands to the said

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 35

said respective assessments, and to such surcharge or surcharges as shall or may have been made thereto in the mean time, testifying their allowance of the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Duplicate of That the said of, or any two or more of them, shall,

from time to time yearly, cause true duplicates of such assess out etc ments as aforesaid to be made out, delivered, and transmitted

in such and the same manner, and at like times as is directed by the aforesaid acts, or any of them, with respect to the duplicates of the assessments therein mentioned.

XXII. Provided always, That in the said duplicates to be transmitted to the receivers general, and to the king's remem number of braneer, the number of houses shall be inserted, as well as the houses, and amount of the duties, in order to ascertain the money which the the amount of receivers general are directed by this act to pay to the assessors lhe duties, for the first year's assessment, at threepence each house, and for the information of the proper officers who are to allow the same in the receiver's accounts.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every surveyor and surveyors appointed and to be airtlments, appointed, under or by virtue of the said several aefts herein and amend before mentioned, or any of them, for the rates and duties there them before by imposed, shall be, and he and they is and are hereby impow ered to inspect, examine, and supervise, the assessments to be njissioners i made in or for any such parish or place as aforesaid, before the of shall have signed and allowed the same, and to alter and amend any such assessment or assessments, if he or they shall see just cause for so doing; and every person, in whose custody any such certificate or assessment shall be, is hereby required, upon the request of any such surveyor or surveyors as aforesaid, to produce the same: and if any such surveyor or surveyors And if they shall, after any such assessment or assessments shall be so respectively made out, signed, and allowed as aforesaid, find or dilco t^r the aflelt vef, upon his or their survey, that any houses, and other pre menls are mises as aforesaid therewith respectively occupied, which Should signed, they and ought to be charged with the duties hereby granted, shall have been omitted to be charged therewith, or shall have been the coinmif under rated, such surveyor or surveyors shall certify the same in foi*er$, ctc. writing, under his or their hand or hands, by way of surcharge, to any two or more of the said of, on or be*oie ihe sixteenth day of November next, for the first quarterly payment, which shall be due on the tenth day of October next, and thenceforward, and in every future year, at tile faqie times they make their surcharges for the duties on houses and windows, in order to have such omission or under rate rectified in the said assessment; and the said of are thereupon to cause the same to be rectified, and the duties levied accordingly.

XXIV. And be it further enacted and declared, That if any If any far. surveyor or surveyors shall omit to make a surcharge or surcharges charge is for the first half year, it shall and may be lawful for the said fiir halt year

surveyor

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 26. [1778.

veyor or surveyors to make a furchatge or surcharges for the

whol$ year.

XXV. And be it further enacted and declared, That where any house shall be divided into different (lories, tenements,

etc.

Each apartment in the inns of court to be deemed an entire house.

with the duties, they are to be paid by their parents or guardians.

36

it may be made for the whole year.

An house

or landings, and ihalj be inhabited by two or more perils, to pay sons or faniilies, the same shall nevertheless be subject to, and the dune as shall in like manner pay, the duties granted by this act, as if

if innabited such house or tenement was inhabited by one person or family byone family. any

Proviso, relat

XXVI. Provided always, That each didridl, chamber, or ing to colleges, apartment, in any college or hall in any of the universities of Great Britain, shall be subject to the duties granted by this act, as if the same were an entire house.

XXVII. And be it like wise enabled and declared by the authority aforesaid, That every chamber or apartment, in any of the inns of court or chancery, being severally in the tenure or occupation of any person or persons, shall be subject to the duties granted by this act, as if the same were an entire house.

Where infants

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore are chargeable said. That where any person or persons chargeable with the duties hereby granted as aforesaid, or either of them, shall be under the age of twenty-one years, in every such case the parents, guardians, and tutors, of such infants respectively, upon default of payment by such infants, shall be, and are hereby made liable to, and charged with the payments which such infants ought to have made; and if such parents, guardians, or tutors, mall neglect to refuse to pay as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to proceed against them in like manner as against any other person or persons making default of payment as herein before is mentioned: and all parents, guardians, and tutors, making payment as aforesaid, shall be allowed all and every furr. and sums paid for such infants, in his, her, or their accounts.

XXIX. Provided nevertheless, That this at, or anything herein contained, shall not extend, or be condrued to extend, to charge with the duties hereby granted as aforesaid, or either of them, any house, or other such premises as aforesaid therewith occupied, in the possession or occupation of his Majesty, or any of the royal family; or to subject or charge any amba(tador or foreign minider redding in the kingdom of Great Britain, to or with the payment of the said duties, or either of them.

XXX. Andy for the better information of the of af etc ma" 'pomu^ to carr ns Vlt0 execution* <tnd the surveyors, and the hifpeh or persons to be appointed ojfeffors as aforesaid, with respect to the an take copies of, nual relit or value of all houses or tenements charged by this (ir, and parish rates, the better to enable them to perform their du/y, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of, or any two of them, and the said surveyors and assessors, or any one or more of them, or any person or persons authorised by them, or any of them, shall have liberty to inspect, and to take copies of, or extracts from, any book or books kept by any parish officer or

officerr,

His Majesty, and the royal family, not liab'e to pay the duties

nor foreign mimtters.

Commission

etc.

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 26. 37

officers, or other person or persons, of or concerning the rates payable to the poor, or any other public taxes, rates, or assessments, in any part of Great Britain within the limits for which they shall be appointed: and if any person or persons, in whose pemlfy on custody or power any of the said books shall be, shall refuse or persons pof neglect to permit the said inspection, or the copies or extrads leircd ruch to be made as aforesaid, or to attend the said commissioners with refus their books, when required so to do, then, and in every such such mfpedi case, every person who shall so refuse or neglect shall, for every on, etc. such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty Shillings.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore All houses to said. That no towelling house, or other such premises as afore according to said therewith occupied, chargeable by this act as aforesaid, shall she fullannuai be estimated or rated at any less value yearly than that at which value,

the same (lands legally rated and assessed to the public k rates, taxes, and assessments, or any of them now subsisting, where such premises are charged by a pound rate, and according to the full annual value thereof respectively; and when such premises notwithstand' as aforesaid are charged by a pound rate, according to any pro ing the y may portionate part of the real annual value thereof respectively, the he otherwise same shall not be estimated or rated, for the purposes of this act, orates. at less than the full annual value, upon which such proportions have been computed and taken as aforesaid

Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted farm houses and declared, That no farmhouse shall be assessed or rated as not to be rated, aforesaid for the purpose of raising the duty herein mentioned,

XXXIII And) for the better undemanding what is hereby meant What shall be as a farmhouse, it is further declared, That all houses bona fide deemed a used or occupied for the purposes of husbandry only, shall be tann' ou e" deemed and taken to be farmhouses, and no other.

XXXIV. Provided always, That no such farmhouse, which Certain farm shall be occupied by the owner thereof, shall be entitled to such houses liable exemption, which shall be. valued under this act at more than to berated, ten pounds per annum, distinct from the land therewith occupied.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Hospitals, etc. authority; foresaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, 10 C rat" or be construed to extend, to charge or make liable any hospital,

or house provided for the reception and relief of poor persons, to the payment of the rate or duty to be laid by virtue of this act.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore Occupiers of said. That no occupier or occupiers of any dwelling house or afeffiref to houses, in any parish or place, shall be charged or alteffed to the poor's poor's rate or highway duty for or in respect of any rates^r duties rate or high imposed and made payable by this act but that such owners waytiury. for and occupiers shall continue to be rated and averted to the poor's

rate and highway duty in such manner as they were rated and assessed to the said rates and highway duty respectively at the time of the passing of this act; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore Payment of

I) 2 said, the rate not

What houses shall be deem ed habitable.

Persons overrated may appeil to the commission

r.

38 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 26. [1778.

to mtitle any said, That the payment of any of the rates and duties granted person to a by this act by any occupier or occupiers of any dwelling house lettleracnt. or houses; any parjfo or place, shall not entitle the person or persons, so paying such rates or duties, to a legal settlement in such parish or place.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That no houses (ha!, within the intention of this act be deemed or taken to be inhabited houses, except the same shall be inhabited by the owner, or by a tenant renting the same.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves respectively overcharged or overrated, by any assessment, charge, or surcharge, to be made by virtue or in pursuance of this act, it shall be lawful for him, her, or them respectively, to appeal to the said of; and that the said of, or any three or more of them, shall, and they arc

When appeals hereby required to hear and determine all such appeals; and that shall be heard. ass such appea]s for the first quarter shall be heard and determined between the tenth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and the fourth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine; and all future appeals on the days appointed, and in the manner directed, in the several rffts herein before mentioned with respect to the rates and duties thereby granted.

Comnrflion

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ers, on hearing That the said of, or any of them, shall not, upon noft<tmak car, nb an' appca^ make any abatement or defalcation anylabate*n le ch3rge or surcharge made upon any person by such assessment in the ment as aforesaid, or the surcharge of any such surveyor or fur a(teflment, etc. veyors as aforesaid; the same shall stand good, and remain m" de*noath* Part annua a^flment, unless it shall then appear to the

at*h<tappel of, by examination of the circumstances of the case upon oath, that such person hath been overrated in and by such assessment or surcharge 5 in which cases the said of are hereby authored an 1 impowered, upon every such appeal, to abate or diniinish any such assessment to be made as aforesaid, in fudi manner as they shall think proper, and agreeable to the true intent and meaning of this act: and every person tending to ap intending to appeal to the said of shall, and is hereby peal, are to required to give, at the lead, ten days notice thereof to any nortclto the a^e^or or assessors, surveyor or surveyors, of the parish or place wherein such person is assessed, of such intention to appeal, and such assessor or assessors, surveyor or surveyors, may then and there attend to justify the said assessment and surcharge; and such assessor and assessors, surveyor and surveyors, and appellant, shall have full and free liberty to be present during all the time of hearing such appeals, and of the said of determining the same.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid - all appeals once heard and determined by the said com srstiar m^ioners> or any three or more of them, or the major part of

lanr is over rated.

Person? in

assessors, etc.

Determination of the

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 26. 39

them then present on the day or days by them appointed for

hearing of Appeals, Aall be final, except as is herein after di except, etc.

reefed.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Person difl* that if any such aflefibr of assessors, surveyor or Purveyors, orlsfied with the the persons so appealing in that part of Great Britain called o^thtcom 011 England, or in If ales, or in Berwick upon Tweed, shall missioner apprehend the determination made by the said commissi may, in eng oners to be contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aiando| and shall then declare himself or herself dissatisfied with such desc justices termination, it shall and may be lawful to and for such aflefibr of thecourtof or assessors, Purveyor or Purveyors, or appellant respectively, to king's Bench, require the said com midioners to state specially, and to sign the ctc* case upon which the question arose, together with their determination thereupon; Which case the said of, or the major part of them then present, are hereby required to state and sign accordingly, and to cause the same to be delivered to the party making such request as aforesaid, to be by him or her transmitted to one of the justices of the court of king's bench or common pleas, or to one of the barons of the court of exchequer for the time being, and every such justice and baron is hereby required, with all convenient speed, to return an answer to such calc so transmitted, with his opinion thereupon subscribed thereto; according to which opinion so certified, the fefleflment which shall have been the cause of such appeal shall be altered or confirmed: and that if such aflefibr or assessors, surveyor or fdrvey and in Sectors, or the person so appealing, in that part of Great Britain land to one df

called Scotland, shall apprehend the determination made by the judges cf X f. /* rr 1, '. the court or

laid of to be contrary to the true intent and meaning session)0r

of this aand shall then declare himself or herself dissatisfied baions ofex with such determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for chequer there. such surveyor or person dissatisfied respectively, to require the said of, or the major part of them then presect, to state specially and sign the case upon which the question arose, together with their determination thereupon; which case the said of are hereby required to state and lign accordingly, and to cause the same to be delivered to the party making such request as aforesaid, to be by him or her transmitted to one of the judges of the court of session, or of the barons of the exchequer in Scotland; and every such judge and baron is hereby required, with all convenient speed, to return an answer to such case so transmitted, with his opinion thereupon subscribed thereto; according to which opinion so certified, the assessment which shall have been the cause of such appeal shall be altered or confirmed: provided always, That notwithstanding any such case so transmitted to any of the said justices, judges, or barons, the determination of the said of shall (land with respect to the payments which shall become due precedent to the opinion certified by any such justice, judge, or baron, upon such case.

XLIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no stay nn stay

of prosecution to

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 27. [1778.

b.c. admitted in of prosecution, upon any command, warrant, motion, or order, any luu for or direction by nonvult ulterius prosequi, shall be had, made, ad dentities in received, or allowed, by any court whatsoever, in any

Sifted by this salt or proceeding, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, aft. or otherwise, for the recovery of all or any of the pains, penalties,

or forfeitures, upon any person or persons by this act inflicted or therein mentioned, for or in order to the conviction

Constables, lieadbo roughs, etc. to afliitin the execution of this act.

Persons sued for executing this act, may pjead the general ill'll e.

and recover treble costs.

or disability of any person offending against this act.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all constables and headboroughs, tithingmen, and other his majesty's officers, shall, and are hereby required and enjoined to be respectively aiding and assisting in the execution of this act, and to obey and execute such precepts or warrants as shall be to them directed in that behalf, by the respective of hereby appointed, or any three or more of them.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, or tiling herein contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue an action, or suffer a nonpros. Or shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXVII.

[Preamble.]

After April io,

1778, the following additional dunes to be paid on importation of winesand vinegar into Great Britain:

An act for granting to his Majesty several additional duties upon wines and vinegar imported into this kingdom.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjeeh, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising, by the most easy means, the necessary supplies to defray your majesty's public k expenses, have freely and voluntarily rejolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several rates^duties, and impositions, herein after mentioned; and do moji humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the kingvmost excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the twentieth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, over and above all subsidies of tonage and poundage, and all other subsidies, additional duties, and impositions whatsoever, due or payable for all wines and vinegar imported into Great Britain, by any act or acts of parliament now in force, there shall be raised, levied, coliested, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors (before landing thereof,) the additional impositions, rates, or duties following, without any discount or

de

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 27.

deduction inwards whatsoever, or any drawback upon re exportation afterwards, except as herein after is provided that is to say, for every tonne of French wine and French vinegar, which shall be imported into this kingdom, the sum of eight pounds and eight Shillings; and so after that rate for any greater or lesser quantity; and also for every tonne of all other Wines and vinegar imported into this kingdom, the sum of four pounds and four shillings; and so after that rate for any greater or lester quantity; the same to be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, in such manner and form, and by such ways, means, and methods, and under such penalties and forfeitures (except as to discounts and drawbacks aforesaid)) are mentioned and expressed in the act of parliament made and passed in the first year of the reign of his late majesty King James the second, (entitled, An act for granting his Majesty an imposition upon all wines and vinegar imported between the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand six hundred and eighty five, and the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand six hundred and ninety three, J or in any other act or acts of parliament, by which the faij impositions, rates, and duties, upon all wines and vinegar imported, were continued and made perpetual; and all powers, penalties, forfeitures, provuions, articles, and clauses, therein contained, not anyways altered by this act, shall continue in full force and effect during the continuance of the said impositions, rates, and duties, hereby granted, and shall be applied, practised, and executed, for the raising, levying, collecting, securing, answering, and paying, the said impositions, rates, and duties, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the said clauses, matters, and things, had been again repeated and re enacted in the body of this present act, any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to lay any further duties upon wines damaged, corrupt, or unmerchantable, and for which the merchants or importers thereof shall refuse to pay or secure the duties; and which by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the first, (entitled, An act for the improvement of his majesty's revenues of cuff oms, excise, and inland duties,) are, on such refusal, directed to be received into the custody of proper officers of the customs, to be publicly sold, in order to be distilled into brandy, or to be made into vinegar.

III. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said impositions, rates, and duties, by this act granted, shall, from time to time, be under the management and direduon of the respective of of his majesty's customs, and their officers for the time being, and shall be paid into the hands of the receiver genefal of the customs in England for the time being; and such receiver-general shall weekly, to wit, on wednesday in every week, if it be not an holy day, and if it be, then on the next day after that is not an holy day, answer and pay all

the

viz. for every tonne of French wine or vinegar, 81. 8 s.

and for every tonne of all other wines and vinegar 41. 4*.

to be levied, recovered, etc, as expressed in Act 1 Jac. s.

or in any other acts by which the said duties are continued and made perpetual.

This act not to extend to damaged or unmerchantable wines.

The duties to be under the management of the commissioners of the etiitoms,

and to be paid weekly into the exchequer.

42 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 27. [1778.

the moneys arising by the said additional impositions, rates, and duties, (the necessary charges of raising, collecting, and answering the same, only excepted,) into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, distinct and apart from all other moneys which such receiver-general shall receive for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the uses and purposes in this act mentioned.

A book to be

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, kept in the That there shall be provided and kept, in the office of the audi fice^ which or rece'pl exchequer, a book or books, 'in which shall be entera mo*es arising from the said several rates and duties, and td ait the mo paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered Separate sues arising and apart from all other moneys paid and payable to his Maje froib the new hjg heirs and successors, upon any account whatsoever; and uu "> the said money, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as

appli a^orcsaid, shall, together with such other rates, duties, and reve

ed towards nues, as shall be granted by any acte or adfcs of this session of payment of parliament for this purpose, be a fund for the payment of the

the annuities several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses as are of*rc<e<* to^pad and payable pursuant to an act of this pre this^ftlaln.0 ^ent feon of parliament, (entitled, An act for ra'tfing a certain sum of money by way of annuities > and for establishing a lottery.) Drawback of V Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the part of the authority aforesaid, That, upon the exportation of any sort of auowcdon* w*nc (cxccpl frcb wines) from this kingdom, to any British exportation of co^ony or plantation in America, as merchandise, the exporter anyine shall be paid and allowed a drawback of nil the before mentioned (exceptfrench duties paid upon the importation of such wine by virtue of this wmes) to the ac except the sum of three pounds, thirteen Shillings, and six nies'in Ame Pence Per tonne; which drawback or allowance shall be made in iica. such manner, and under such rules, regulations, penalties, and,

forfeitures, in all respedb, as any former drawback or allowance, payable out of the duties of customs upon the exportation of such wine, was, could, or might be made before the passing of this act.

After s?pt.29, VI And, for the better preventing the clandestine importation of 1778, nospa wines in mail casks, and landing the same in this kingdom without mfh, Porm payment of duties be it further enacted by the authority afore gueze, ur said. That, from and after the twenty-ninth day 01 September, stal? term' one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, no wines of the po*ted into growth or produce of any part of the dominions belonging to the Great Britain crowns of Spain or Portugal, and that no French wines, shall be in any calk imported or brought into Great Britain in any smaller vessel or hoe the ad cask tan wats commtily called an hogshead, in which such wines have been usually imported, upon forfeiture of all such

wines as shall be imported contrary to this act, together with the casks and other package containing the same, (except as herein afrer is provided;)and the same shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of his majesty's customs, and prosecuted in any court of record at Westminster % or in the court of exchequer at Edingburgh respectively; one moiety of which forfeiture (after deducing the charges of condemnation and falc of such wines)

43

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 28.

shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such officer or officers of the customs as shall fcize and prosecute such wine.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Exception in authority aforesaid, That any French wines may be imported in bottles, or that any wines may be imported in smaller calks than c(j for pirate" is herein before limited, without fraud or concealment, for pri use. vate use, and not by way of merchandise; anything in this at, % or any other law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for repealing so much of an act, made in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty's reign intituled An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one a of parliament, the general laws now in being for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purposes; as is to subject carriages, having the fellies of the wheels thereof of less breadth or gauge than six inches, to the payment of double tolls j and for vacating contra ft s for leasing tolls.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to explain, amend, Thc general' and reduce into one act of parliament, the general laws now in turnpike ad being for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Great 1 % Geo. 3. Britain called England, and for other purposes; it was enacted, r'cited*

Tbpty from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy jix, a double toll Should be paid for the passage through turnpike gates of all carriages having the fellies of the wheels thereof of less breadth or gauge than six inches fromfide to side; and for the horses, or beafis of draughty drawing the same: and whereas, by an act passed in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, the said double toll was suspended until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight: and whereas great inconveniences twill arise if the said provision be suffered to take place; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of the said act, made in the thirteenth year of his present majesty's reign, as en So much of acted. That the trustees appointed by virtue, or under the au the recited act thority, of any act of parliament made for repairing or amending pa, e^a*v?r' turnpike roads, or such person or persons as they Should autho tq\\^ belaid rise, (hold and might, and were thereby required to demand for all carria and take, for every wagon, wain, cart, or carriage, having the whose fellies of the wheels thereof of less breadth or gauge than six w}?efjg inches from side to side, at theleast, at the bottom or foie there thanfixuiches. of, and for the horses, or beasts of draught, drawing the same,

from and after the twenty pinth day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, double the tolls or duties which were

Trustees may

release all toffees of tolls from their contrails at Michaelmas neat.

[Preamble.]

Recital of an act sageo. i;

his Majesty charter, dated Dec, 1775 j

ad 16 Geo.j;

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 29. [1778.

were or Should be payable for the same respectively by any adk or acts of parliament made for amending or repairing turnpike roads, before any such wagon, wain, cart, or carriage respectively, shall be permitted to pass through any turnpike gate or gates, bar or bars, where tolls (hold be payable by virtue of any such acts; and which, by an act made in the sixteenth year of the reigfi of his present Majesty, was suspended until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight; mail be, and the same is hereby declared to be repealed.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for such trustees, and they are hereby required, to release all lessees of tolls, within their respective jurisdictions, from their respective contracts at Michaelmas next; provided forty days notice shall have been given in writing, by any such lessee or lessees, to the treasurer or clerk of any such trustees respectively.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for impowering the of and governors of the royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich, in the county of Kent, to exchange certain messuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, belonging to them in the parishes of Alnwick, Embleton, and Warkworth, in the county of Northumberland, for other lands belonging to the most noble Hugh Duke Northumberland, in same one or more of the open common fields at Corbridge, in the said county; and to empower the said of and governors to grant leases, in manner therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, made andpuffed in the twenty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for vesting the several estates of James late Earl of Derwentwater and Charles Ratclisse, deceased, corn prized in several settlements therein mentioned, in trustees for an absolute estate of inheritance for the benefit of the royal hospital at Greenwich; and for raising certain sums ot money out of part of the said estates for the relief of the children of the said Charles Rat cliffe \ several baronies, manors, me fudges, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments (having been the estate of the said James late earl of Derwentwater and Charles Ratclisse, and having become forfeited to his Majesty by virtue of the several attainders of the said James earl of Derwentwater Charles Ratclisse,) were by the said act divejled out of the crown, and veiled in trustees for the use and benefit of the said royal hospital: and whereas, by virtue of his Majesty's royal charter, bearing date the sixth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy five, under the great seal of Great Britain, certain persons therein named were incorporated by the name of the of and governors of the royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich, in the county of Kent: and whereas by an act of parliament, passed in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for vesting certain estates, now held in

trust

45

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 29.

trust for the benefit of the royal hospital for featnen at Greenwich, in the of and governors of the said hospital, incorporated by his majesty's letters patent, after reciting several letters patent, and the a Si of parliament of the twenty feeond year of the reign of his late Majesty, her ein before recited, it was enacted, That all and every the barony, manor, messuages, lands, tenements, tithes, end hereditaments, and lighthouse duties, with their federal rights, members, appurtenances, thentofore given, granted, devijed, settled upon, or vejled in, conveyed, or limited, or demised, or assigned to, any person or persons whomsoever, /* trust or for the use or benefit of the said hospitaly or given, granted, or devised, to the said hospitaly by any gift, grant, letters patent, will, letters of admini/lra tien, of parliament y indentures, deed pollr, or other deed in writing,

ar otherwise howsoever, W the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, m, profits thereof Should, from an I

after the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy bi divejled out of all and every suck person and persons, V Zvrj and their heirs, executors, and administratorsy and the same Should be, andfbould be deemed to be, and they were accordingly from thenceforth settled upon and vejled in the said corporation, the of

and governors of the royal hospital forfeamen at Greenwich, r the county of Kent, their successors and assigns, to theuje of the said of and governors of the said royal hospital, their successors and ojjigns, for ever, ri i absolutely discharged of and from all such right, title, interesty claim, demand, <7/ <7/77 person or persons

whatsoever had, or might or could have, in or to the said barony, >7fc7 awrj, meffuagcsy lands, tenements, //vfoj, and hereditaments, tf/zi light house duties, or in or to any part or parcel thereof, upon any account bowfever, save as therein mentioned: and whereas the fiveral ntfjfuages, lands, tenements, hereditaments, herein after

particularly mentioned, being part of the find estate so vejled in the said of and governors, and situate in the peenjhes Alnwick, Embleton, <7* Warkworth, 1/7 the county ^/ Northumberland, w inconveniently situated with ref peel to the other efiates of and belonging to the said royal hospital but the situation thereof is very commodious to the estates of his grace the duke Northumberland: and whereas his grace the duke Northumberland is owner of certain lands in the open common fields situate and being at cor bridge, in the said county of Northumberland, which lie very commodious to the estates of and belonging to the said hospital: and whereas the said duke t Northumberland, being deftrous to exchange a part of his said lands lying in the said open common fields at cor bridge afor: said, for the said messuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, belonging to the said of and governors, in the said parishes of Alnwick, Embleton, and Warkworth, a treaty bath been thereupon had, when it appeared manlfejlly for the benefit, advantage, and convenience of the said royal hospital that such exchange Should take place and be completed: and whereas by an act of parliament, made and passed in the eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled An afor the application of the rents and profits of the estates forfeited by the attainders of James ear! of Der

wenlwater

and Att 8 Geo. t.

46 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 29. f 1778!

wentwater and Charles Ratclffe, it was enacted, That thesaidcommissioners and governors Should give public notice in the London Gazette of the time and place when and where the aid estates were intended to be let, six months at leaf before the expiration of the term for which the said (fates were then or Should thereafter be let: and whereas there are many mines and minerals in and under the said ejlatesi the value of which would be greatly reduced and diminijhedy if they were to be let by public advertisement: and whereas there are alfa lands so connected with several of the said mines and minerals, that it would be inconvenient to have them in the possession of tenants not oc cupying such mines and minerals, which may frequently happen, unless the said of and governors are impoweredto let the said mines and minerals, and the lands connected therewith, without advertisement; as the said mines and minerals, and the lands so connected, therewith, cannot be let without advertising the same, nor can the said exchange so proposed to be made with his grace the duke of Northumberland be carried into execution, without the authority of parliament; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Thc gcftr' authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and w^chhospiul or ie of and governors of the said royal hof empowered to pital, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to exchange exchange certo and with the said duke of Northumberland, for and in lieu of tain lands, certain lands and grounds of and belonging to the said duke of themands T Northumberland in the open common fields at Corbridge aforesaid'to the several messuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and heredita the duke of ments, hereafter particularly mentioned; that is to say, one Northumber message or tenement, with the appurtenances, situate in Alnwick, ad'in the said county of Northumberland, with a garth or garden to

the same belonging or appertaining, boundering on the east upon the king's high street or road, and on the south upon a street called Bailey or Bailiff Gate, on the west by a message and buildings belonging to Mary Davidson spinster, and on the north by lands belonging to the said Mary Davidson and the said duke of Northumberland \ two parcels of ground, with the appurtenances called Ratcliffe's Clefts, situate near the said town of Alnwick, boundered on the south and east by lands belonging to the said duke of Northumberland, on the north by lands belonging to Michael Doubleday esquire, and on the west by the king's highroad; a parcel of ground, with the appurtenances, called Barbara's Bank, situate near the town of Alnwick aforesaid, boundered on the east by waste ground belonging to the said duke of Northumberland, on the west and no th by lands belonging to the said Michael Doubleday, and on the south by the river Alne, or by other the right metes and bounds; one other parcel of ground, with the appurtenances, situate near the town of Alnwick, being part and parcel of a close or parcel of land called the Gcofe Close, and boundered on all fides by the lands of the said duke of Northumberland, and which said message er tenement, garth, gar u den.

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 29. 47

den, and several parcels of grounds, with the appurtenances, are situate, lying, and being in the parish of Alnwick, in the said county of Northumberland, and contain together by estimation nineteen acres, two roods, and twenty seven perches, be the same more or less; the tithes of corn and grain, and the tithes of hay yearly coming, growing, and renewing, within the (lead fields of Eroxfield, called or known by the name of the Forefieldiy in the parish of Embleton, in the said county of Northumberland; and the tithes of hay yearly coming, growing, and renewing, in Le star.ky and the meadow thereunto adjoining, called or known by the name of Ginfield, otherwise Gynfen Meadow, in tyre parish of Alnwick, in the said county of Nor chamber landr(m which said tithes were formerly belonging to the monafrery of Alnwick aforesaid)) a. message, burgage house, or tenement and garth with the appurtenances, and half an acre of ground, more or less, in a field called the Hather Leazesy situate at fvarkworth, In the parish of lvarlworth % in the said county of Northumberland

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the said The said messuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, so to

be exchanged with the said duke of Northumberland as aforesaid, fjoman truth shall be and inure to, for, upon, and subject to such and the and limitati fames uses, estates, trusts, powers, provisoes, declarations, re on expressed (trillions, and limitations, as are now subsistitig of and concern in former acs ing the estates of the late duke of Somerset, in the said parishes ciatyngau>cthe of Alnwick and ivarkworth respectively, freed and discharged, and fai(j hospital. absolutely acquitted, exempted, and exonerated of, from, and against, all the uses, estates, titles, trusts, powers, provisoes, gnd limitations, expressed and declared in any actor as of parliament heretofore made concerning any estates vested in trusteea for the use of the said hospital, or in the said of and governors of the royal hospital for seamen at Gretnwicky in the county of Kent.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Other lands all and every the lands and grounds at or in the parish of Cor to given m bridge aforesaid, to be exchanged with the said of and to^veiled m governors of the said royal hospital, for and in lieu of the several the commifli xnefiuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, in oners and go. Alnwick, emb!etony and ivarkworth aforesaid, shall be vested in vefnor^etc. the corporation being the of and governors of the

royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich, in the county of Kent, their successors and assigns, to the use of them the said of and governors of the said royal hospital, and their successors and assigns for ever, freed and discharged, and absolutely acquitted, exempted, and exonerated, of, from, and against all and every the uses, estates, titles, trusts, powers, provisoes, and limitations, in and by any will, deed, or settlement, by which the same is or are now held or enjoyed, or now or at any time heretofore hath or have been made, created, or declared of and concerning the fames but nevertheless to, for, upon, and subject to such and the same trusts, limitations, and uses, as are by any act or acts, of parliament or otherwise limited, expressed, and declared.

and to be held of the duke of Northumberland as of his manor of Corbridge.

Chmnn (Turners knpowered to let leases, withouradver tigng the same.

Expenses of tins ait how to be paid

Public au

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 29. [1778.

clared, of and concerning the several estates of the said James late earl of Derwentwater and Charles Ratclisse, which are now vetted in the of and governors of the said royal hospital.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby further declared and enacted, That the lands and grounds at or in the parish of Corbridge aforesaid, so to be exchanged with the said of and governors of the said royal hospital, shall, from and after such exchange, be held of the said duke of Northumberland, as of his manor of Corbridge, by the like tenure, and under and subject to the like (but not to any increase) quit rents, or free rents and service, as such of the said several messuages, lands, tenements, tirhes, and hereditaments, in Alnwick, Embkton^ and Warhworth aforesaid, so to be given in exchange as aforesaid, as

'are lying within and held of the respective manors of Alnwick and ivarkworth, are now respectively held by and subject to.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of and governors of the said royal hospital, and their successors, from time to time, when and so often as they shall think proper and expedient, to make, grant, and execute leases or demises of any mines or minerals within or under any of the lands or grounds verted in them, and also of any such of the said lands or grounds as they shall deem necessary and proper to be demised, together with such mines or minerals, for any term of years, not exceeding twenty-one years, and from time to time to grant renewals of such leases or demises, without advernfing the letting of such mines or minerals, or the lands so thought proper or intended to be let therewith \ prpvideci that no such renewals do exceed the term of twenty-one years from the time of making thereof, and that such rents, duties, terms, and conditions, shall be reserved, made payable, and agreed upon, as the said of and governors, and their successors, shall in their judgements from time to time think most likely to increase the revenue of the said royal hospital; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the costs and charges of this act shall be paid in the manner following; that is to say, one half thereof (except such as shall be due and payable to the solicitor and agents of the said of and governors for his and their trouble and expenses) shall be born and paid by the said duke of Northum btrland, and the other half thereof, together with such as shall be so due and payable to the said solicitor and agents, shall be born and paid by the said of and governors of the said royal hospital.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be, a public act; and all judges, justices, and others, are hereby required to take notice thereof as such without specially pleading the same.

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 30.

VIII Saving always to the king's most excellent majesty, his heirs and successors, and all and every other person and persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, his, her, and their heirs, facceflors, executors, and administrators, (other than the said of and governors of the said royal hospital), all such estate, right title, and interest, as he, she, or they had or enjoyed of, in, to, or out of the said messuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, so to be exchanged with the said duke of Northumberland as aforesaid, before the passing of this actor could, might, or ought to have had or enjoyed in case this act had not been made.

CAP. XXX.

An act for the more effectually levying of the duty upon fervdnts in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, made in the seventeenth year of his present majesty's reign, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty a duty upon all servants retained or employed in the several capacities therein mentioned; and for repealing several r^tes and duties upon glass, imposed by an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon glass in lieu thereof, and for the better collecting the duties upon glass; and for repealing the several rates and duties charged, by an act made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, upon all persons and bodies politic and corporate having certain quantities of silver plate; it was enacted, That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy jevenj there Should be charged, raised, levied, and paid unto his majesty, his heirs and successors, after the rate of twenty-one Billings per annum for every male servant, within the kingdom of Great Britain, who Should then have been, or Should afterwards be retained or employed in the several capacities in the said act mentioned: and whereas it was by the said act enacted, That the duty by the said act imposed upon servants Should be assessed, raised, levied, collected, and received, by such persons, and Should be paid into his Majesty's exchequer for the purposes in the said act expressed, in such and the like form and manner, and with such allowances, and under such penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, and according to such rules, methods, and directions, as are prescribed or appointed for affejsing, raising, levying, colie Cling, receivings and payings the duties on houses, windows, or lights, in and by an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the several rates and duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights; and for raising the sum of four millions four hundred thousand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the said rates or duties; and in and by another act, made in the twentieth year of his said late Majesty, intituled An act to enforce the execution of Vol. XXXII E an

49

General saying.

[Preamble.]

Recital of i7geo.3c.j9.

aogeo. C j.

Cap. 4*.

So

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 30. [1778.

an act of this session of parliament, for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights; and in and by an ati, made in the twenty first year of his said late Majesty's ngeo icio. reign, intituled An act for explaining, amending, and further enforcing the execution of an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for repealing the several rates and duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights 5 and for raising the sum of four millions four hundred thousand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the said rates or duties; and in and by an act, made in the thirty first year of the reign of his said late Majesty, gigeo.t.c ss. intituled An act for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon offices and pensions; and upon nouses; and upon windows or lights; and for raising the sum of five millions by annuities, and a lottery, to be charged on the said rates and duties; and by an act, made in the second year of the reign of his pre % Geo. 3. C sent Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon windows, or lights; and by an act, made in 6 000.3.0.38. the sixth year of the reign of his said present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the several duties upon houses, windows, and lights 3 and for granting to his Majesty other duties upon houses, windows, and lights; or by any of them; and that all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, then in force, contained in the said several acts, or any of them, for the assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the rates and duties thereby granted, Should be in full force, and be truly observed, practised, and put in execution, throughout the whole kingdom of Great Britain, for the assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying the duties upon servants, by the aid act of the seventeenth year of his present Majesty granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as the Jame were for the assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and charging, the rates and duties granted by the aforesaid acts, or any of them, so far as the said powers, authorities, rules, and penalties, are applicable thereunto, and not altered by the said act of the seventeenth year of his present Majesty; and that all moneys anf ing by the said duty granted by the said last mentioned act (the necessary charges for raising and accounting for the same excepted) Should, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer at Westminster, dislinftly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue, and Should be carried to, and made part of, the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund: and whereas, by one other act of parliament, made in the twenty sixth year of his said late majesty's and 26 Geo. *. reign, intituled An act for the more effectual levying the duties c. 17. upon windows or lights, in that part of Great Britain called

Scotland, after writing as therein is recited, it was enacted, That the duties and rates, by the acts therein mentioned, imposed upon windows or lights, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, Should, from and after the fifteenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, be raised, levied, andxollested, in manner therein mentioned: and whereas it is apprehended that the several provisions, made in and by the said act of the twenty sixth year of his late Majesty, for a raising*

5*

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 30.

raising, levying and collecting, the several duties or rates upon houses, windows, or lights, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland,

Should be enforced with regard to the raising, hvying, and collecting, the rates and duties upon servants, in and by the said a CL of the fven teenth year of his present Majesty, to be raised, collected, and levied \ be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the duty imposed, by the said act of The duty im the seventeenth of his present Majesty, upon (crvants, in that prcd on fer part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be a fie fled, raised, le vied, collected, and received, in that part of this kingdom called Geo*

Scotland, by such persons, and shall be paid into his majesty's shall be affvft exchequer for the purposes in the said at expressed, in such and d collected, the like form and manner, and with such allowances, and un c^vbn*aoicl der such penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, and according to pa^lnmthe such rules, methods, and directions, as are prescribed or ap exchequer pointed for assessing, raising, levying, collecting, receiving, and under the like paying, the duties on houses, windows, or lights, in that part of Pc" a, tlc*>etc* Great Britain called Scotland, in and by the said act, made in thed*jor coflctt twenty sixth year of the reign of his said late Majesty; and that ing and pay all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, ing the duties forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, now in force, contained CI joules and in the said act of the twenty sixth year of his late majesty's reign, for the assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the rates and duties therein mentioned, shall be in full force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in execution, in that part of this kingdom called Scotland, for the assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the duties upon servants, by the fail] aft, of the seventeenth of his present Majesty, granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as the same is or may be for the assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and charging, the rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights, in the said act of the twenty sixth of his said late Majesty mentioned, so far as the said powers and authorities, rules and penalties, are applicable thereunto, and not altered by the said act of the seventeenth year of his said present Majesty; and that alimonies, arising by the said duty granted by the said last mentioned act (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted,) shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues, and shall be carried to, and be made part of, the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund.

II. And, to the end that no doubts may a rise touching the execution of the said act of the seventeenth year of his present Majesty, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case, at any if commtfll time hereafter, the of appointed to put the said act oners neglect in execution, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall t^apoi, u neglect to appoint assessors, or in case the assessors by them ap a^obrsvan pointed shall fail or neglect to give or leave such notice or warn giving proper ing, in writing, to or for the master or mistress of every servant notices to

E 2 on roaftm# etc.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 30. [1778.

on whom a duty is imposed by the said act; that then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the surveyor or surveyors, appointed or to be appointed by virtue of the said act of the twenty sixth year of his late Majesty, within fourteen days after the time prescribed by law for the annual appointment of the assessors, to give or leave notice or warning, in writing, to or for the matter or mistress of every servant on whom a duty is imposed by this act, within the limits of the places for which such surveyors are to act, at his or her dwelling house, to prepare and produce, within the space of fourteen days then next ensuing, a list, in writing, of his or her servants. retained or employed within the said district, describing the number by hinvor her retained or employed, the christian and surname of each servant, and the office or capacity in or for which each servant is retained or employed; every such list to contain the greatest number of servants at anyone time retained and employed, in the course of the year ending on the twenty-fifth day of March in each preceding year; and that every such master or mistress do and shall, after such notice so given or left, make out a list of his or her servants accordingly, and sign the same with his or her own hand, and deliver the same, or cause the same to be delivered, to such How surveyors surveyor or surveyors: and in case any such master or mistress ca^master^ nec or refuse to make out, sign, and deliver such list,

etc! neglect to the time before mentioned then such surveyor or survey

make out ors shall, from the best information he or they can obtain, make and deliver an assessment upon such master or mistress so refusing or neglect proper lists of ing^ for or in respect of the number of servants so retained or eir ervarns. cmpj0ye(j by such master or mistress, distinguishing them by their christian and surname, and their respective employments; and every such assessment so made upon any such neglect or refusal, shall be final and conclusive upon such matter or mistress, who shall not be at liberty to appeal therefrom, unless such master or mistress shall prove that he or she were not at their respective dwelling houses at the time of the delivery of such respective notices, nor between that day and the time limited for their delivering their respective lists to the surveyors; or unless such matter or mistress shall allege and prove such other excuse for not having delivered their lists, as the of in their judgement shall think reasonable and sufficient,

Tke duty to

III. And be it further enacted and declared, That, in that be paid half part of Quat Britain called Scotland, "every person charged with ywy. the duty granted by the said act, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, shall, by themselves or others for their behoof, pay in the duty with which they are charged, on or before the twenty-ninth day of September, yearly, for the half year betwixt whitsunday and martinmas day \ and on or before the twenty-fifth day of March yearly, for the half year betwixt Martinmas and Trhitfunday.

the surveyors under aft a6 Geo. a. to give the said notices.

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. jr. 53

CAP. XXXI.

Jfn act for enabling his Majesty to settle on their royal highnesses the princes Frederick bishop of Ofnabqrgh, William Henry, Edward, Ernest Augustus, Augustus Frederick, and Adolphus Frederick, an annuity of sixty thousand pounds per annum; and also to settle on their royal highnesses the princesses Charlotte au gufta Matilda, Augusta Sophia, Elizabeth, Mary, and Sophia, one other annuity of thirty thousand pounds per annum; and also to settle on his higness prince William Frederick one other annuity of eight thousand pounds per annum, and on her highness the princess Sophia Matilda one other annuity of four thousand pounds per annum.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS your Majesty hath been pleased to recommend to

the confederation of your faithful commons, that a competent provision Should be made for your majesty's six younger sons, and also^your Majesty's daughter s, to take effect after the demise of your Majesty, [whom God long preserve) and also for thefon and daughter f your Majesty's dearly beloved brother the duke of Gloucester, to take effect after the decease of the said duke of Gloucester: and whereas by an act, made in the first year of the reign of her late majesty $ueen Anne, intituled An act for the better support of her Recital of majesty's houshold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown, 1 Ann. ft*the end that the Imd revenues of the crown might be spreserved, c. 7* improved, and increased, to the best advantage thereof it was among other things enacted and declared, That all and every grants lease, or other assurance, which, from and after the twenty fifth diy of March, one thousand seven hundred and two, Should be made or granted, in manner therein mentioned, of any the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, therein specified, other than such grants, leaf's, and dffurances, as are therein excepted, Should be utterly void and of no effect; and by another act, made in the ninth year of her said Majesty's reign, intituled An act for establishing a gene9 Ann. C 10. ral port office for all her majesty's dominions; and for settling a weekly sum out of the revenues thereof, for the service of the war, and other her majesty's occasions; to the intent that the inheritance of such part of the duties and revenues arifeng in and by the general let ter office or post office which was thereby vejled in her said late Majesty, her heirs and Juccejfo, undeterminable, as therein mentioned, might be preserved in the crown for the future benefit thereof it was (among other things) enacted and declared, That the same, or any part thereof Should not be alienable, changeable, or grantable by, her Majesty, her heirs or successors, for any estate, term, or time whatsoever, to endure longer than the life of her Majesty, or of such King or )ueen as Should make such alienatum, charge, or grant re fptftively} and that all gifts, grants, alienations, or assurances whatsoever, to be bad or made of, or charged upon, the same duties or revenues, or any part thereof, contrary to the provifeons of ekat a ft, Should

E 3 be

and 5 Geo. j. C5.

54 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 31. f 1778.

be null and void: and whereas by an act, made in the first year of 1 Geo. 3. c. 1. yftur Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the support of his majesty's houshold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain, the duties and revenues commonly called The Hereditary Revenues, together ifeth several temporary duties and revenues thereby continued, and all other branches and revenues which, on the twenty fourth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, Jlood settled or appointed to go and be paid towards the support of the houshold of his late majesty King George the Second, of bleffei memory, and the honour and dignity of the crown, and certain other small branches of your Majesty's revenues therein also expressed, (except as therein excepted,) were, during your Majesty's life, carried to and made part of the general or aggregate fund, established by an act made in the first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First: and whereas by another afi, made in the fifth year of your Majesty's reign, intituled An act to alter certain rates of postage; and to amend, explain, and enlarge, several provisions in an act made in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and in other acts relating to the revenue of the polt office; it was enacted % That all the moneys arising by the rates therein before mentioned (except as is therein excepted) Should be appropriated and applied to such and the same uses to which the then rates of pofiage were respectively by law appropriated and made applicable: now We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons ofg rcat Britan, in parliament assembled, having taken into confederation the present state of your royal family, more numerous in its branches than these kingdoms have had the happiness offering in any former reign; and thinking it highly just and reasonable that your Majesty Should be enabled to make provision for their honourable support and maintenance; do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

empowered to the king's most excellent majesty, by any letters patent, or by settle on his several letters patents, under the great leal of Great Britain, hereafter to be made, to give and grant unto their royal highnesses prince Frederick bishop of Osnaburgh, prince william Henry, prince Edward, prince Erne ft Augustus, prince Augufius Frederick, and prince Adolphus Frederick, and to the survivors and survivor of them, or to such other person or persons as his Majesty shall think fit to be named in such letters patent, and his or their heirs, during the lives of their said royal highnesses, and the life of the survivor of them in trust for their said royal highnesses, and the survivors or survivor of them, one annuity or yearly sum of money, not exceeding the sum of sixty thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain by the year, to commence and take eflfedl from the day of the demise of his Majesty, (whom God long preserve), and to be paid and payable, by even and equal portions, on the four most usual days of payment in the year; (that is to say,) The fifth day of January, the fifth day or April, the'f C h

Fit Majesty

iix younger fonsan annuity of 6o, ooool. per annum, to Commence from the Henie of his Majesty

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 31. 5#

fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October; that first payment thereof to be made on such of the said days which shall next happen after the demise of his said Majesty; and that such an and to Be nuity, or yearly sum of money as aforesaid, shall or may, by such charg*l upon letter patent as aforesaid, be given and granted to issue, and shall hereditary accordingly issue and be payable out ostand be charged and charge duties which, able upon, all or any part or parts'bf such of the hereditary du by 1 Geo. 3. C ties, revenues, and branches, as were by the said at, made in were made the first year of his present majesty's reign intituled An act for aggregate the support of his Majesty's householi, and of the honour and dignity fund, etc. of the crown of Great Britain, carried to, and made part of, the said general or aggregate fund, and shall be then subsisting; and out of and upon such part of the rates of postage granted by the said at, made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to alter certain rates of postage; and to amend, explain, and enlarge several provisions in an act mqde in the ninth year 1

of the reign of $>ueen Anne, and in other acts relating to the revenue of the poji officey as shall then belong to, and be pan of the hereditary revenues of the crown.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this act for in the let No one of the

ters patent to be made in pursuance thereof, contained, or to be P*1 contained, 'shall extend, or be construea to extend, to give and annoity7ban grant a greater annuity or yearly sum jhan fifteen thousand 15, 0001, a pounds by the year, to any one of the said princes. year.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, m, Majesty

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the king's moil ex empowered to cellent majesty, by any letters patent, or by several letters patents, f*tle n under the great seal of Great Britain, hereafter to be made, to hu^ughiers give and grant to their royal highnesses princess Charlotte Augusta a, \ annaity of Matilda, princess Augusta Sophia, princess Elizabeth, princess 30, 0001. per Merry, and princess Sophia, and to the survivors and survivor of annum, to them, or to such other person or persons as his Majesty shall ^tehnccjc. think fit to be named in such letters patent, and his or their hic"

heirs, during the lives of their said royal highnesses, and the life Majesty

of the survivor of them, in trust for their said royal highnesses,

or the survivors or survivor of them, one other annuity or yearly

sum of money, not exceeding the sum of thirty thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, by the year, to commence and

take effefl from the day of the demise of his Majesty, (whom

God long preserve)) to be paid and payable, by even and equal portions, on the four most usual days of payment in the

year; (that is to say) The fifth day of January the fifth day of

Aprils the fifth day of July and the tenth day of October \

first payment thereof to be made on such of the said days which shall next happen after the demise of his said Majesty; and that and to bt

such last mentioned annuity or yearly sum of money shall of charged ontht

may, by such letters patient as aforesaid, be given and granted to dulie! ave

issue, and shall accordingly issue and he payable out of, and be mfntl0iltd#

charged and chargeable upon, all or any part or parts of such of the hereditary duties, revenues, and branches, as were by the said a, made in the first year of his present majesty's reign, in

E 4.'tituled.

Regulations for dividing the said annuity upon the marriage Or death of any of the piinceffes.

flis Majesty i in powered settle an an putty of $>000 1. per

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 31. [1778.

tituled, An act sir the support of his Majestfs household, and of thi honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain, carried to, and made part ot, the said general or aggregate fund, and shall be then subsisting; and out of and upon such part of the rates of portage, granted by the said acrt, made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to alter certain rates of postage \ and to amende explain, and enlarge, several provisions in an act made in the ninth year of the reign of )ueen Anne, and in other acts relating to the revenue of the post office, as shall then belong to, and be part of, the hereditary revenues of the crown.

IV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon the death of any of their said royal highnesses the princesses, or upon the marriage of any one of them, and the payment of a portion on or in consideration of such marriage, not Jess than forty thousand pounds sterling, the right, titje, share, and interest, of such princess so dying, or being married, in and to the said yearly relit or annuity of thirty thousand pounds, or any part thereof, shall cease and determine, and the said whole annuity shall, from thenceforth, accrue and remain to the four other princesses; and upon the death or marriage of any other of the said princesses, and the payment of a portion, not less than forty thousand pounds sterling, on or in consideration of such marriage, the right, share, and interest, of such other princess so dying, or being married, in or to the said annuity of thirty thousand pounds, shall cease and determine, and the said whole annuity shall from thenceforth accrue and remain to the three other princesses; and upon the death or marriage of any other of the said princesses, and the payment of a portion, not less than forty thousand pounds sterling, on or in consideration of such marriage, the right, share and interest, of such other princess so dying, or being married, in or to the said annuity of thirty thousand pounds, shall cease and determine, and two third parts of the said annuity of thirty thousand pounds, amounting to twenty thousand pounds per annum and no more, shall accrue and belong to (he other two princesses then unmarried; upon the death or marriage of either of the said two last mentioned princesses, and payment of a portion, not less than forty thousand pounds sterling, on or in consideration of such marriage, the right, share, and interest, of such princess, of, in, and to the said annuity of twenty thousand pounds, shall cease and determine, and the other of the said princeflfcs then living, shall be entitled tp twelve thousand pounds per annum part of the said relit or annuity of twenty thousand pounds, and no more, to cease and be determined on her death or marriage, and the paypient of a portion, not less than forty thousand pounds sterling, on or in confederation of such marriage.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the king's most to excellent majesty, by any letters patentor by several letters patents, under the great seal of Great Britain, hereafter to be made, to give and gr^nt unto his highness pinctwilliam Frederick, the

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 31? 57

son of his said royal highness the duke of Gloucester, or to such annum, on other person or persons as his Majesty shall think fit to be named ^cdci^k^co1 in such letters patent, ard his or their heirs, during the life of commence him the said prince William Frederick, in trust for him the said from the de prince William Frederick, one other annuity or yearly sum ofcrease of the money, not exceeding the sum of eight thousand pounds of law duke of giou full money of Great Britain by the year, for and during his na CC cr tural life, to commence and take effect from the day of the decease of his said royal highness the dukeof Gloucester, and to be paid and payable, by even and equal portions, on the four most usual days of payment in the year; that is to say, the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of october; the fird payment thereof to be made on such of the said days which shall next happen after the decease of the said duke of Gloucester; and that such lad mentioned annuity on

or yearly sum shall or may, by such letters patent as aforesaid, the aggregate be given and granted, during the continuance of the said ak, fund, made in the fird year of his present majesty's reign, and of another at, made in the seventeenth year of his present majesty's reign, for the support of his Majesty's household, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain, to issue, and shall accordingly issue and be payable out of, and be charged and chargeable upon, the several yearly rents or sums by the said as du reded to be paid and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon; the duties and revenues composing the said fund commonly called The General or Aggregate Fund, for the support of his majesty's household, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain; and, from and immediately after the and the here expiration of the said acts, the same shall or may be given and ditary duties, granted, by such letters patent as aforesaid, to issue, and shall mentioned,accordingly issue and be payable out of, and be charged and chargeable upon, all or any part or parts of such of the said hereditary duties, revenues, and branches, as were thereby carried to, and made part of, the said general or aggregate fund, and shall be then subsisting; and out of and upon such part of the rates of postage granted by the said act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to alter certain rates of postage; and to amend, explain, and enlarge, several provisions in an act made in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and in other acts relating to the revenue of the pft office, as shall then belong to, and be part of, the hereditary revenue of the crown,

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore His Majesty said, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the king's most fete aan 10 excellent majesty, by such letters patent, or by several letters nuity of patents, under the great seal of Great Britain, hereafter to be 4, 0001. per made, to give and grant unto her highness princess Sophia Ma annum, cn the tilda, the daughter of his said royal highness the duke of Gloucester, or to such other person or persons as his Majesty shall commence think fit, to be named in such letters patent, and his or their from the de heirs, during the Jife of her the salt) princefe Sophia Matilda, in Sou

rust cefteri

9 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 31. [1778.

trust for her the said princefc Sophia Matilda, one other annuity or yearly sum of money, not exceeding the sum of four thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain' by the year, for and during her natural life, to commence and take effect from the day of the decease of his said royal highness the duke of Gloucester, and tube paid and payable, by even and equal portions, at the four most usual days of payment in the year; that is to say, the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October, the first payment thereof to be made on such of the said days which (haill next happen after the de and to be cease of the said duke of gloucester\tand that such lad mentioned the^cd n annuity or yearly fiup shall or may, by such letters patent, be

g*vcn and granted, during the continuance of the said acts, made the liftmen nie and seventeenth years of his present majesty's reign, noned an for the support of his Majesty's household, and of the honour and dig puity. n\ty of the crown of Great Britain, to issue, and be payable out of,

and charged and chargeable upon, the several yearly rents or sums, by the said acts directed to be paid and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon, the duties and revenues compogng the said fund commonly called The General or Aggregate Fund, for the support of his majesty's household, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain; and, from and immediately after the expiration of the said acts, the same shall or may be given and granted, by such letters patent as aforesaid, to iitue, and shall accordingly iitue and be payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon, all or, any part or parts of such of the said hereditary duties, revenues, and branches, as were thereby carried to, and made part of, the said general or aggregate fund, and shall be then subsisting; and out of and upon such part of the rates of postage granted by the said act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to alter certain rates of postage; and to amende explain, and enlarge, several provisions in an act made in the ninth year of the reign of sun Anne, and in other acts relating to the revenue of the pojt office, as shall then belong to, and be part of, the hereditary revenues of the crown. mobftru the VII prov>ded always. That nothing in this act contained, or payment of*be contained in such letters patent as aforesaid, shall extend any sums to hinder or obstruct the payments of any moneys, by any for

heretofofe mcr act or acts of parliament now in force, charged upon the said

ffid^utiesduties, and revenues, or any of them, or the application ai u CS' thereof to the respective uses intended by such former acts concerning the same, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

te^aid^'tb

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, out^fce, af*such of the said annuities or yearly sums respectively, which the exche*. by virtue, of this act, and such letters patent as aforesaid, shall or

quer, or by may take place and effect during the continuance of the said act,

the commis maje in the first; year of his present majesty's reign, intituled, the revenues An bhe support of his Majesty's household, and of the honour

on which they and dignity of the crown of Great Britain, shall, during the conti are charged; nuan.ee

59

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 3 f.

nuance thereof, be paid and payable at the receipt of his majesty's exchequer; and, from and immediately after the expiration thereof, all the said annuities or yearly sums abovementioned to be given and granted by virtue of this a shall be paid and payable either at the said receipt of his majesty's exchequer, or by and from the immediate hands of all and every the of, farmers, treasurers, or receivers for the time being, of the said revenues respectively, upon which the said annuities or yearly sums, or any part or parts thereds, shall be charged by virtue of this act, without any fees or charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, or any part thereof; and the ac ^ipti'of^heir quittance or acquittances, receipt or receipts, of their said royal royal high highnesses prince Frederick bishop of Ofnabsargb, prince William ndfcs the jhenry, prince Edward, prince Emeft Augustus, prince Augscflusprince* and' Frederick, and prince Adolphus Frederick, and of their said royal highnesses princess Charlotte Augusta Matilda, princefi augufla|*nt Sophia, princess Elizabeth, princess Mary, and princess Sophia, charges for and of their highnesses prince William Frederick, and princess the lame. Sophia Mdtilda, respectively, or the survivors or survivor of them, or of such of them as shall be inthled to receive any such annuity or yearly sum, or any part thereof or of any perfotr or persons authorised by them, or any of them tefpedlively, to receive the same, shall be a good and sufficient di (charge for the payment thereof, without any further or other warrant to be filed for, had, or obtained, in that behalf; and that the said re Annuities to spective annuities or yearly sums, and every part thereof, shallbc ttx*ffcc* be free and dear from all taxes, impositions, and other public charges whatsoever: and that if the officer of the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, or the said of, farmers, treasurers, or receivers for the time being, of any of the said duties exchequer, or revenues, upon which the said annuities or yearly sums, or etc. shall neg any part or parts thereof, shall be charged as aforesaid, shall re, l?wtoe fuse dr neglect to pay the same, upon demand to be made for that purpose, or any part thereof, according to the true intent <*. t^\r fecii. of this a, and of such letters, patent or letters patents, to be rities, may be granted by his Majesty as aforesaid, then their said royal high, the nesses prince Frederick bishop of Osnaburgh, prince William hen ry, prince Edward, prince Emeft Augustus, prince Augustus Frederick, and prince Adolphus Frederick, and their said royal highnesses princess Charlotte Augusta Matilda, princess Augusta Sophia, princess Elizabeth, princess Mary, and princess Sophia, and their highnesses prince Wiliam Frederick, and princess Sophia Matilda, or the survivors or survivor of them, or such of them as shall be entitled to receive the said annuities, or any of them, of any part thereof, or such their trustees respectively, may, from time to time, sue, prosecute, and implead, such officers, commissioners, farmers, treasurers, or receivers, or any of them, or all or any of their securities, their heirs, executors, and administrators, by bill, plaint, or action of debt, and shall and may recover judgements, and sue out executions thereupon, against (tick officers, of, farmers treasurers, or receivers retpc&vely, and

their

4

6o,

Proviso relating to the payment of the annuities.

All the power, directions, etc. to be contained in his majesty'i letters patent to be made in pursuance of - this at, shall be effectual in law, notwithstanding any rettridtion* contained in any of the before recited acts, etc.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 31. [1778.

their respective securities, their heirs, executors, of administraf tors, for so much of such sum or sums of money then due and owing upon the said several and respective annuities, or any part thereof, as shall have been in the hands of such officers, of, farmers, treasurers, or receivers, respectively, at the time and times when such demand shall be made of the payment of the said several and respective annuities or yearly sums, or any part thereof, as aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, That if any of the said respective annuities or yearly sums, or any part thereof, shall cease to be chargeable upon, and payable out of, the said general or aggregate fund, or any part thereof, and shall become chargeable upon, and payable out of, all or any of the said hereditary duties, revenues, and branches, between any two of the said quarterly days of payment then, and in such case, such annuities respectively shall, at the next quarter day, be payable, at the receipt of the exchequer, out of the said general or aggregate fund, and out of the said hereditary duties, revenues, and branches, in proportion to the times during which the same were, in the course of such quarter, so chargeable and payable, anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the powers, precepts, directions, and clauses, to be contained in his majesty's letters patent hereafter to be made as aforesaid, for the better and more certain payment and assurance of the said several annuities or yearly sums, and for making the said respective revenues, or any of them, or any part or parts thereof, liable thereunto as aforesaid, shall be good and effectual in the law, according to the tenor and purport thereof, in the said letters patent or letters patents to be expressed, notwithstanding any restriction or other matter or thing contained in the said recited act, made in the first year of the reign of her said late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for the bet ter support of her Majesty's household, and of the honour and dignity of the crown; and notwithstanding any reltridtion or other matter or thing contained in the said act, made in the ninth year of the reign of her said late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for eftoblishing a general post office for all her Majestyi dominions, and for settling a weekly sum out of the revenues thereof for the service of the war, and other her Majestfs octafions\ and notwithstanding any restriction or other matter or thing contained in the said act, made in the first year of his present majesty's reign, intituled An act for the support of his Majesty's Household, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain; and notwithstanding any restriction or other matter or thine contained in the said act, made in the fifth year of his present majesty's reign, intituled An act to alter certain rates of postage; and to amende explain, and enlarge, several provisions in an act made in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and in other acts relating to the revenue of the post office; and notwithstanding any other act or acts of parliament, or any raifrccital, nonrecital, omission, or Other desect, in

6i

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 32  36.

the said letters patent or letters patents, hereafter to be made by virtue of this act.

XI Saving to all and every person and persons, bodies poli Oencral far tick and corporate, their heirs, executors, administrators, and, ng* alligns, (other than the king's majesty, his heirs and successors),), such right, title, interest, and demand whatsoever, which they, or any of them, have or may have, of, in, to, or out of the revenues aforesaid, or any of them, or any part thereof, before the making of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if this act had not been made; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXII.

An act for further continuing so much of certain duties as have by several acts of parliament been granted and continued for repairing and maintaining the harbours of Dover and Rye, as are applicable to completing and keeping in repair the said haibour of Rye, in the county of sufitex.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for the better preservation of fish, and regulating the fisheries, in the rivers Severn and Verniew.

[Preamble.]

Recital of aft i Eliz. and 30 Car. a. Put fisheries described.

[Proviso.]

Reitnftions contained in aft 30 Car. 2. injurious. So much of acts 1 Eliz. and 30 Car. 2. as relate to length of nets and (ize of meihes, below the bridge, etc. repealed. Regulations relating to the time of fishing, the fie of the meihes, etc. Penalty on persons offending against the said regulations. Penalties may be levied by distress. On failure of distress, party to be committed. On information on oath that improper nets, etc. are suspected to be used. search warrants may be granted. Penalty on persons causing obstructions in filling draughts by anchoring of vessels. Improper nets found fixed acrof* the rivers may be destroyed. Justices may grant warrants to search for illegal nets. Angling allowed on certain conditions. Clause for preventing fiffung in the nighttime, and for othertarays preserving the fish. Stakes to be fixed in the river, to preserve the fry and breed of fish. Limitation of actions, etc. How justices to proceed for conviction of offenders. Form of conviction. The penalty inffifted by act 1 Geo. 1. for catching fish under size, may be mitigated.

[Proviso.]

[Public act.]

[Proviso.]Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Tnit aft not to affect any ancient put fishries, except as aforesaid. Beginning and ending of the Lord's day. This act not to extend to (hrimp lieu.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts, within the foake of Bolingbrooke and wapentake of Candlelhoe, in the parts of londsey, in the county of Lincoln,

CAP. XXXV.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor within the hundred, of Stow, in the county of Suffolk.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts, within thq

lile of Ely, in the county of Cambridge.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 37. [1778.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for paving parts of the footpaths on the (ides of the great road called Whitechapel Road, in the county of Middlesex; also tin? several streets, lanes, roads, and passages, opening into the lame; and for preventing obstructious, nuisances, and annoyances therein, and near thereto.

[Preamble.]

Karnes of commi (lion ers. On death, etc. of commissionert* others to be chosen Ten days notice to be given of such election. Qualification of of Penalty on ailing it not qualified. What number of of may all. Time and place of of first meeting. They may adjourn; or in default thereof, the clerk may appoint a meeting, C If clerk negtell, etc. two of may do ito

three days notice. No commissioner to hold any place of profit.

[Proviso.]

issioners to appoint officers, and allow them salaries, etc. Rates to be paid to the collector. Officers to account, and pay the balance, etc. In default thereof an allion maybe brought; or justice, on complaint, may grant a warrant of distress. On failure of distress, etc. the offender may be committed. On death or insolvency of officers, executors, etc. to pay the balance in preference of any other creditor; and may

vein evidence such payment. On negleh of executors, etc commis ners may bring an allion against them. Officers who shall take any reward other than their salaries, or be interested in any bargain made by the of, are disqualified and shall forfeit 50l. Commissioners empowered to pave: to raifl or (ink the ground 1 to take up and remove water pipes, etc. to remove proje&ons, and to make Contrails. Penalty on breach of contrail, how recoverable, C Commissioners may alter the position of lamp irons. Commissioners may sell the old materials, and apply the money, etc. Persons intermeddling with the pavement, or ob itrulling workmen, to forfeit 40 s. Property of pavement and materials vested in the of, C Pavement may be taken up for amending water pipes, etc. Notice, within 6 hours after finishing thereof, to be given to the of paviour, who shall repair the same in a days. Contrails for paving pipe trenches, to be advertised. Charges of repairing pavement taken up, to be paid by persons occasioning the damage s how to be recovered. Paviours, etc. to water companies to give notice to the of clerk of their names and places of abode, on forfeiture of 40 s. Water companies to repair their pipes within two days after notice. Private drains, etc. to be repaired by the of at the expense of the proprietors, when neglected by them after notice: which expense is to be proportioned by the of How the said charges may be recovered. Commissioners of (ewers to be summoned when any repairs of sewers, etc. are wanted. Penalty on laying dirt, etc. in the paths. Goods and carriages obstructing the passage may be seized, and if not claimed, etc. in % days, may be sold. Penalty on driving wheelbarrows, etc. over the foot pavement. Hoards may be erelled with leave. Penalty on erehing them without leave. Foot pavements to be swept everyday (Sundays excepted). Hottfes to be numbered, etc. Signs, etc. to be regulated. projehions to be removed. Penalty on causing annoyances by signs, gutters, etc. Commissioners empowered to make rates, not exceeding nine pence in the pound. Rates to be paid by occupiers: one third whereof shall be allowed by landlords. Houses, etc. unoccupied, to pay only one third of the rate. When a house is occupied by two or more tenants, the tenant paying the rates todedull the whole out of his relit. Rates to be signed by two justices. On refit(al to pay the rates, they may be levied by distress: on failure whereof, the party to be committed. All the persons in arrear may be comprised in one warrant or schedule thereto. Places of wohhip, void spaces of ground, etc. may be rated. By whom such rates shall be paid. Rates may be recovered by allion. Vacant ground to be fenced in at the expense of the occupiers, etc. Occupiers quitting without paying rates, may be followed, etc In case of olle&ors becoming insolvent, etc. the deiiciency to be again tt fled.

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38, 39, 63

Commissioners nifty borrow 3, 000 1. at interest, or raise it by sale of an nosiest no one annoity to exceed tool. Commissioner* order to entitle the contributor to the payment of hit interest and annuity t which shall be charged upon the rates. Annuities deemed indefeasible eft ate: but not liable to the land tax. Annuities, etc. may be assigned totus quoties. All signments to be entered. As annuitants die, the rates to be lowered.

Moneys may be raised by sale of other annuities in the place of those that have ceased, for the payment of the interest money. Expenses of passing this act to be first paid. Certain parts of the pavement to be done by the parish surveyors: but if they neglect, the of are to do it.

CL a use to empower the of to pave the footways of any adjoining street, etc. in case two thirds of the inhabitants shall reaueft it. The accounts for paving such street, etc. to be kept separate. Penalties may be mitigated. How tar they may be mitigated. Commissioners who are ^ustices may act as such; and administer oaths. Actions may be instituted in the name of the treasurer. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the sessions, whose determination shall be final. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. of may reward informers. Dili refs not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover if tender of amends bath been made. Writings to be without*ft amps. Proceedings to be entered in a book, which may be read in evidence. Proceedings not to be qualbed for wane of form, nor removed by Certiorari, Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. Publics: aft.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thrfc purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities corporations, and borough townsy whose admissions have been omitted to be amped according to lawy or, having been stampedy have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped\ and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and folic iters.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS diverse persons, whoy on account of their offices, placesy employment$y or ptofessionsy or any other cause or occa fton, ought to have taken and subscribed the oathsy or the assurance respectively, appointed to be by such persons taken and subscribed, in and Persons who by an act made in the first year of the reign of his late majesty King ^ltted George the First, of glorious memory, (entitled. An act for the themselves "further security of his majesty's person and government, and the agreeable to succession of the crown in the heirs of the late princess Sophia, a 1 Geo. i. being protestants; and for extinguishing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open and secret abettors;)or to have qualified themselves according to an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (entitled, An act for^ ar. well governing and regulating corporations;)or to have qualified

6*

Act 15 Car. i.

Act 30 Car. a.

Act 8 Geo. 1.

Act 9 Geo. a.

Act 18 Geo.t.

and act 6 Geo. 4-

before the pafcng of this

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 39. [1778.

frit hemselves according to another act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (entitled, An act for preventing the clangers which may happen from popish recusants, by receiving the faefament of the lord's supper, according to the usage of the church of England, and making and subscribing the declaration against transubstantiation therein mentioned;)or according to another act, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (entitled, An act for the more effectual preserving the king's person and government, by disabling papists from fittlhg in either house of parliament j) or according to another act, made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, (entitled, An act for granting the people called Quakers such forms of affirmation or declaration as may remove the difficulties which many of them lie under;)or according to another act, made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled, An act for indemnifying persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose; and for amending (b much of an ail, passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, as requires persons to qualify themselves for offices before the end of the next term, or quarter sessions; and also for enlarging the time limited by law for making and subscribing the declaration against transubstantiation and for allowing a further time for inrol ment of deeds and wills made by papists; for relief of protestant purchasers, devisees, and lessees)) according to another act, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled, An act to amend and render more effectual an ail, passed in the fifth year of his present majesty's reign, intituled An act for the further qualification ofjujlices of the peace \) or according to another act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for altering the oath of abjuration, and the arturance; and for amending so much of an ail, made in the seventh year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for the improvement of the union of the two kingdoms, as, after the time therein limited, requires the delivery of certain lists and copies therein mentioned to persons indiiled of high treason, or misprision of treason)) through ignorance of the law, absence, or some unavoidable accident, omitted to take and subscribe the said oaths and assurance, and make and subscribe the declaration required by law, or other wise to qualify themselves as aforesaid, within such time, and in such manner, as in and by the said acts respectively, or by any other act of parliament in that behalf made, is required, whereby they have incurred, or may be in danger of incurring, diverse penalties and disabilities: for quieting the minds of his Majesty's subjects, and for preventing any inconveniences that might otherwise happen by means of such omtssions; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every person or persons, who, at or before the parting of this

al,

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III.vg. 39- ^5

adfc, hath or shall have omitted to take and subscribe the said oaths? and declarations, or to receive the sacrament of the lord's supper, or other wise to qualify him, her, or themselves, within such time, and in such manner, aid and by the said ab, or any of them, or by any othjr act of parliament in that behalf made, is

required j and who, after accepting any such office, place, or employment, or undertaking any piofertion or thing on account of which such qualifications ought to have been had, and is required, before the passing of this act, hath or have taken and subscribed the said oatfis, or made the declarations required by law, and also received the faerament of the lord's supper, according to the usage of the church of England, or who, on or before the twenty-fifth day of December, one rh'oufand seven hundred and seventy eight, shall take and subscribe the said oaths, and who finu* declarations, and assurance respectively, in such cases wherein by n or f*fore law the said oaths, declarations, and assurance, ought to have qjalify thern i been taken or subscribed, in such manner and form, and at or in reives/ such place or places, as are appointed in and by the said act, made in the first year of the reign of his said late majesty King jgeorge the First, or by any other a6fc or acts of parliament in that behalf made and provided, and also hath or have received, ot shall, on or before the said twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, receive the sacrament kos the lord's supper, according to the usage of the church of England, in such cases wherein the said sacrament ought to have been received, and hath or have made and subscribed, or shall, on or before the said twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, make and subscribe the said declaration against transubstantiation, and also hath or have made and subscribed, or shall, on or before the said twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, make and subscribe the said declaration, in the said statuto made in the thirtieth year of King Charles the Second, in such cases wherein the said declarations ought to have been made and subscribed, and take and subscribe the oath directed by the said suft made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, in such cases wherein tjic said oath ought to have been taken and subscribed, in such manner as by the said act is directed, shall be, and are Hereby indemnified, shall see freed, and discharged, from and against all penalties, forfeitures, indeninh^d incapacities, and disabilities incurred, or to be incurred, for or by fr

reason of any.neglect or omission previous to the parting of this tclturs* aft, of taking or subscribing the said oaths or assurance, or receiving the sacrament, or making or subscribing the said declarations, pr taking or subscribing the said oath, according to the abovementioned atfts, or any f them, or any other act or actsj and such person and persons is and are, and shall be, fully and actually recspacitated and restored to the same state and condition as he, she, or they, were in before such neglect or omission, and shall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her, or themselves, according to the abovementioned as, and every

6$ Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 39. [1778.

of them: and that all elections of, and acts done, or to be done, by any such person or persons, or by authority derived from him, her, or them, are and shall be of the same force and validity as the same, or any of them, would have been if such person or persons respectively had taken the said oath or assurance, and received the sacrament of the lord's Topper, and made and fub foribed the said declarations, and taken and subscribed the said oath, according to the direction of the said acts, and every or any of them; and, that the qualification of such person or persons, qualifying themselves in manner, and within the time appointed by this act, shall be, to all intents and purposes, as effectual as if such person or persons had respectively taken the said oaths and assurance, and received the sacrament, and made and subscribed the said declaration, and taken and subscribed the said oath, within the time, and in the manner appointed by the several acts before mentioned.

Not toindem

II. Provided always, That this act, or anything herein con nify any pertained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to indemnify f" naur tncur any person against whom final judgement shall have been given, redbyveg.*ir any action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his letting n>qua majesty's courts of record, for any penalty incurred by having lity himselr. neglected to qualify himself within the time limited by law.

III. And whereas the appointments of diverse clerks of the peace, town clerks, and other public officers, and the Admissions of diverse members, and officers of cities, corporations, and borough towns, or the*entries of such Admissions in the court books, roils y or records, of such cities, corporations, and borough townsy which by several acts of parliament art directed and requited to be stampedy may not have been provided, or the same not stamped, or may have been lost or mislaid; Persons pro be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, for the indent of such persons whose appointments and admissions, or

arxidm?ffions entries of whole admissions as aforesaid may not have been betovepec. 15. provided, or not duly stamped, or where the same hove been77* lost or mislaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such persans,

on or before the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fevemy eight, to provide, or cause to be provided, appointments and admissions, or entries of admissions, as aforesaid, duly stamped: or, in case where such appointments, admissions, or entries of admissions, as aforesaid, have been made or provided, but have not been duly stamped, to produce such appointments, admissions, or entries of admissions, as aforesaid, to the of appointed to inspect and manage the revenues of the lamp duties, to be duly stamped; which such of are hereby authorised, empowered, and required, to duly (lamp, on payment of the duties first payable, or to have been paid on such appointments, admissions, or entries of adthiffions, as aforesaid, without any fine or forfeiture shall be con thereon; and such persons so providing appointments, admis to qns*cntr*cs f admissions, as aforesaid, duly damped, or att as clerk, procuring the same to be duly stamped, in manner aforesaid, are officer, or' and shall be hereby confirmed and qualified to a as clerk of

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 39. 67

the peace, town clerk, or other public officer, or member or member or members, officer or officers, of such cities, corporations, and j>crporatio ", # borough towns respectively, to ali intents and purposes, and shall my enjoy^and may hold and enjoy, and execute such offices, or any other office into office or offices into which he or they hath or have been elected, which they notwithstanding his or their omission, or the omission of any of hja]kfca their predecessors, in such cities, corporations, or borough towns, aj|^as aforesaid j and shall be indemnified and discharged of and indemnified from all incapacities, disabilities, forfeitures, penalties, and da from ail penal mages, by reason of any such omission; and none of his or their t'esanddama acts shall be questioned or avoided by reason of the same. byveafonof

IV. Provided always, That this a, or anything herein con omission. rained, shall not extend, or be conftmed to extend, to restore or entitle any person or persons to any office of employment, bene not? exten(* fice, matter, or thing whatsoever, already actually avoided by anycf- judgement of any of his majesty's courts of record, or already Office avoided legally filled up or enjoyed by any other person; but that such by judgement office, employment, benefice, matter, or thing, so avoided, or legally fi ted up and enjoyed, shall be and remain in and to the person or persons who is or are now, or shall, at the passing of this act, be legally entitled to the same, as if this a had never been made.

V. And whereas many persons have omitted to cause affidavits to be madey and afterwards to be pled in the proper office y of the a final execution of several contrafis in writing entered into by them to serve as tlerks to attorneys or solicitorsy within the time in which the same ought to have been done, and many infants and others, may thereby incur certain disabilities; for preventing thereof \ ant relieving such persons, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every per person whd son who, at the passing of this act, shall have neglected or omitted cause to cause any such affidavit or affidavits as aforesaid to be made

and filed, and who, on or before the first day of Michaelmas Michaelmas

term, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, shall cause term 17784

one or more affidavit or affidavits to be made, and afterwards to

be filed, in such manner as the same ought to have been made

and filed in due time, shall be, and is hereby indemnified, freed, are indernni

and discharged, from and against all penalties, forfeitures, inca charged from

pacifies, and disabilities, in or by any or acts of parliament, penalties mentioned and incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reason of

stich neglect or omission; and every such affidavit and affidavits

so to be made, and which shall be duly filed on or before the said first day of Michaelmas term, one thousand seven hundred and

seventy eight, shall be aseffiectual, to all intents and purposes, as

if the lame had been made and filed within the respective times

the same ought, by the laws now in being for that purpose, to

have been made and filed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any action, suit, Persons prose hill of indictment, or information, shall, from and after the paf cuted and sing of this act be brought, carried on, or prosecuted, against for^ndemfr any person or persons hereby meant or intended to be ixidemni nified, may feed, recapacitated, or restored, for or on account of any forfei plead the ge

Fa

A

68 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 40. [1778.

turc, penalty, incapacity, or disability whatsoever incurred, or to be incurred, by any such neglect or omission, such person or persons may pleaa the general issue, and, upon their defence, give this act, and the special matter, in evidence, upon any trial to be had thereupon.

CAP. XL

An act to repeal such part of an act, made in the last fiffion of parliament, as relates to the manner of discharging bonds given for the due exportation of certain goods from Great Britain to foreign parts \ and to extend such part of the same aft, as obliges the master of British or Irish hips, sailing from any of his Majesty's dominions into the Baltic, to deliver a manifest of their cargoes to the British consul ref ding the re, to the like vessels sailing into Denmark, Norway, W Archangel.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act made in the lap session of parliament, j70eo.3.c, t. (entitled, An act to prevent the clandestine unshipping recited, from and receiving goods at sea on board vessels employed in the Baste India company's service; for ascertaining the manner of discharging bonds given for the due exportation of certain goods from Great Britain to foreign parts; and to oblige the matters, of British or Irish ships, sailing from any of his majesty's dominions into the Baltic, to deliver a manifesto of their cargoes to, the British consul residing the re), it is omorgjl other things enact edy That no bond; given in pur fiance of any act or acts of parliament, for the due and regular exportation of any goods, which arc or may be prohibited to be worn, or used, in Great Britain, or which are or may be entitled to any drawback, bounty, or premium, payable out of'any money arising by the revenue of cujlcms, upon exportation from this kingdom into foreign parts, shall be delivered up, cancelled, or discharged, until certificates shall be produced of the exportation to, and landing such goods at, the ports and places mentioned in such bond, or until proof be made upon oath in relation thereto, in such manner and form as in the said recited act is directed: and whereas it has been found very prejudicial to the trade of this kingdom, and in many cases impracticable for the exporters of such goods to obtain the certificates, and make the proof, in the manner required by the said act; for remedy 'whereof, be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, such part of the said recited act, as requires certificates to be produced, and proof to be made, for the discharge of any bonds entered into in this kingdom, for the due exportation of the goods therein mentioned to any foreign parts, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, ftotyi and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, such part of the said recited

and in part, repealed.

Part of the said at relating to the port in the

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 41, 42. 69

cited aft, as requires the master, commander, or other person Baltic, exhaving the charge of any British or Irish ship or vefle], failing |5nded from Great Britain or Ireland, or any other part of his majehy's L enmarctc< dominions, to any port or place in the Baltic to deliver to the British consul residing the re, or to such other person or persons as shall be appointed for that purpose by him, a true manifest, in writing, upon oath, specifying the particulars of the whole cargo of such ship or vessel, with the marks and numbers of the package containing the same, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to such British or Irish ships or vessels, as shall sail from Great Britain or Ireland, or any other part of his majesty's dominions, to any of the ports of Denmark, Norway, and Archangel in the same manner, and under the same restrictions, in all respects, as is and are directed and required by the said recited act, with regard to such vessels sailing to any port or place in the Baltic

CAP. XLI.

An act for uniting the free grammar fenool of James king of England, within the town of Henley upon Thames, in the county of Oxford, with the charity (chool founded in the same town by dame Elizabeth Periara, widow i and for the better regulation and management of the said endowments.

Preamble, reciting letters patent of King James I. and the wim of William Gravett. Dame Elizabeth Periam's foundation of a charity school.

The present annual income of the two schools. Present governors of the free grammar school { of dame Elizabeth periam's. Inconvrniencies attending the prefer establishment. The two charities consolidated, and united together. The title thereof, The governors of both schools united together as trustees for^he new establishment} who are to be a body corporate: their name and powers. Estates and effects of both schools vested in the trustees: who are empowered to dispo'e of the same for the purposes of this act. Expenses of this act to be first paid. To promote and facilitate the sale and exchange of the effaces, purchasers are / to hold the lands, drtcharged from ail uses, trutts, etc. Trustees authorised to grant building or repairing lea'es for lopg terms of years, without taking fines, etc. Matters, ushers, and aflittanrs, to be appointed by the trustees $ are to allow them salaries Trustees to direct how many boys shall be admitted, etc. and may make bylaws j to be allowed by the bishop of Oxford. Trustees, on doubts in the conttruftion of any rule or bye law, etc. may apply in a summary way to the court of chancery. Surplus money to be placed out at interest. Power to dispose of the surplus money. When trustees die, or refute to act, new ones to be chosen. Each truttee shall be accountable only for his own aft and deed.

[Public act.]

Trustees to reimburse themselves their'expences in executing this aftl General saving.

CAP. XLII.

- An act to enable the corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond to establish and maintain a lighthouse on the rocks called The Smalls* in Saint George's Channel.

[Preamble.]

Act 8 Eliz. recited. Letters patent of 36 Eliz. recited. After alight shall be placed in a light house on one of the rocks called The Smalls, duties may be collected by the matter, etc. of Trinity House. The duties. Duties to be paid by the matters of vessels. All cuttorqers, etc. to take cate that these duties are paid. Exemptions from the duties The

7o Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 43  45. [1778.

[Public act.]

grant of the rocks to Mr. Philips, by letters patent, declared void. The rocks vetted in the corporation of Trinity House, (ubjc& to a yearly relit of 5l. payable to his Majesty. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. '

CAP. XLIII.

An act to repeat an act passed in the last session of parliament, for the recovery of small debts, within the several parhhes of Surfleet, Gosberton, Quadring, Donnington, Bicker, Swineshead, Wigtofr, Surterton, algar lurke, Foidike, Kir tonne, Frampton, Wiberton, and Brothertoft, within the hunt! of Kirton, and county of Lincoln

CAP. XLIV.

An act for building a ttone bridge across the river Tyne, oppottte the town of Hexham, in the county of Northumberland, and for making proper roads and avenues to and from the same.

CAP. XLV.

An act to continue the several laws therein mentioned, relating to the allowance upon the exportation ofbriufa made gunpowder; to the further encouraging the manufacture of British sail cloth and to the duties payable on foreign sail cloth; to the granting a liberty to carry fugats of the growth, produce, or manufacture % oj any of his Ma jtfly's sugar colonies, directly to foreign parts, in hips built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; to the further punishment of persons going armed or disguised, in defiance of the laws of customs or excise; to the prohibiting the importation of light fiver coin of this realm ftom foreign countries into Great Britain dr Ireland, and to refrain the tender thereof beyond a certainfum} to the granting a bounty upon flax seed imported into Ireland; to the better regulating of pilots for the conducting of/hips and vessels from Dover, Deal, and Isle of Thanetj and to revive and continue so much of an act, made in the sixteenth year of his present mo/ejly's retgnl os relates to allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majesty's sugar colonies in America.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, the laws herein after mentioned bave by ex perienc*, been found ufefut and beneficial, and are near expiring; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by ancj with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commbdt, id this present parliament assembled, and by the Ad 4 Geo. authority of the same, That an act, made in the fourth year of for panting the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled, an allowance An act for granting an allowance upon the exportation of british tfw* of &mp0wd*r'>) which was to continue in force for five years, fron>

madegun x^e twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, by several subsequent acts, made in the tenth, sixteenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty <irft years of his said majesty's reign, and the fourth and twelfth years of his present Majesty's reign, was further continued until the twemy mimh

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 45. 71

day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session of further continued till Sept.

parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth day of September, a etc

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That aftjgeo. an act, made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty forencourag king George the Second, (entitled. An act for further encouraging and regulating the manufacture of brirffh sail cloth and sir the snore British sail rffiftual securing the duties now payable on foreign sail cloth imported cloth, into this kingdom J which was to continue in force from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, for the term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, by Several subsequent acts, made in the thirteenth, twenty fourrh, and thirty tirft years of his said majesty's reign, and the fourth amd twelfth years of his present majesty's reign, was further Continued until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further conjti further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty nued till Sept, ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty9* l7*s> ctc* five, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

III. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Act i*gco. an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty granting a King George the Second, (entitled, An act for granting a liberty bberrtyutoarg to carry sugarsi of the growth, produce, or manujafturti of any of from the sugar his Majesty's sugar colonies in America, from the said colonies directly colonies too to foreign parts, in ships built in Great Britain, and navigated ac reign parts, cording to law,) which was to continue in force for five years,

from the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, by several subsequent acts, made in the seventeenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty first years of his said majesty's reign, and the fourth and twelfth years of his present majesty's reign, w further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further farther conti continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth nued till Sept, day ol September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five,9*17851 elc* and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority afoifesaid, That pin of ait aft so much of an act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of 19 Geo. for his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled. An act for panhhingper the further punishment of per tonnes going armed or disguised in defiance arme?or^if f the laws of customs or excise % and for indemnifying offenders against guised, inde those laws, upon the terms therein mentioned; and for the relief ^fianceotcxcjfe

light fiwer coin, etc,

72 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 45. ^1778.

officers of the customs in informations upon seizures)) relates to the'further punishment of persons going armed or difgtiifed, in defiance of the laws of customs or excise, and to the relief of officers of the customs in informations upon seizures, which was to*continue in'force for seven years, from the twenty-fourth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and forty six, and from \ thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, by several subsequent acts, of the twenty sixth and thirty second years of the reign of his said late Majesty, and the fourth and eleventh years of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and from thence to further conti the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the jiued till Sept same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof,6, 1785, etc. until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

Act ugeo 1.^And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

to prohibits he an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present importation of Majesty, (entitled. An act to prohibit the importation of light filvtr 1^coin*of this realm from foreign countries into Great Britain or Iie

land, and to refrain the tender thereof beyond a certain fumj which was to continue in force until the first day of Assay, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which by another act, made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session ot parliament, shall be, and the lame is hereby further continued from the expii ation thereof, until the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and fi-om thence to the end of the then next session ot parliament.

v1. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, t^hit so much of an gft, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An act for allowing the clothing and accoutrements nccfjary for his Majesty's foroes, paid out of his maje fly revenues arising in the kingdom of Ireland, to be exported from thence to the places cohere such forces are ordered to serve and for granting a bounty upon flax seed imported into Ireland, for a limited time,) as relates to the granting a bounty upon flax seed imported into Ireland for a limited time, which was to continue in force for two years from the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and also another act, made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for granting a bounty upon flax seed^the growth of the United Provinces, or of the Austrian Netherlands, imported into Ireland, for a limited time,) which was to continue in force for two years, from the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the same are hereby further continued,

fprthrr conti nued till May 1, 1783, cic.

Part of an act 15 Geo. 3. relating to a bounty on flax seed im

rted into reland j

poi

Ire

and an act of 16 Geo. 3. granting a i milar bounty.

further continued for two years.

73

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 45.

from the expiration thereof, for the further term of two years, and froa thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Act tgeo.*That an act, made in the third year of the reign of King George the First, (entitled, An act for the better regulating of pilots for the t, S conducting of ships and vessels from Dover, Deal, and jthe Isle of Thanet, up the rivers of Thames and Medway,) which was to continue in force for seven years, from the first day of Auguflj one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and also a clause ancj a clause in in an act of the seventh year of his said majesty's rsign^jorfur an a of 7 there regulating the pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, Geo. i, which was to continue in force during the continuance of the said act of the third year of his said majesty's reign; which said act, together with the said clause, were, by several subsequent acts, of the tenth year of the reign of his said Majesty, and of the eighth and twenty-third years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, further continued until the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session ot parliament, shall! be, and the same are hereby further continued from further conti the expiration thereof, until the twenty-fifth day of Marcby one nu*d all thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and from thence to the March5* end of the then next session of parliament., 79*'

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Snmucbofan That so much of an act, made in the sixteenth year of the reign Ad of 16 Geo. of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for allowing the expor Jhe e^portati jation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majesty's on offbeat,sugar colonies in America, and to the island of Saint Helena, and to etc. to the lu the other settlements belonging to the united company of merchants of * colonies, England trading to the East Indies, and of bijeuit and peas to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all persons with respect to advifwg or carrying into execution his Majesty's orders of council already made for allowing the exportation of wheat and other articles J as relates to allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat and other articles to his majesty's sugar colonies in America, which was to continue in force until the first day of January, one {housand seven hundred and seventy seven; which, by another ad, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was revived and continued until the twenty-fifth day of March one thou iand seven hundred and seventy eight, shall, from and after the revived; and passing of this act, be revived, and the same is hereby fevived, continue in and mall continue in full force and virtue, until the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine.*779#

74

[Preamble.]

A a 3 Geo. X recited.

Deeds and trills of pa pills, etc. made since Sept.9. 1717, to be good in law, if enrolled before Jan. i,779*

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46. [1778.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by papists, and for relief of protestant purchasers.

WHEREAS by a chnife in an act of parliament, passed in the third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Fir?, intituled An act for explaining an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to oblige papists to register their names and teal eft ate s; and for enlarging the time for such registering; and for securing purchases made by protestants; it was wacted, That, from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, in the year of cur lord one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, no manors, lands, tenements, hereditaments, or any inter oft therein, or relit or profit thereout, Should pass, alter, or change, from any papist, nr person professing the popish religion, by any deed or will, txcept such deed, within six months after the date, and futh will, within six months after the death of the tpkttor, Should be enrolled in one of the King's courts of Yeiordat Westminster, dr etftwitbhnbe same county or counties wherein the manors, lands and tenements lib, in fjuch manner as therein, for that purpose, is particularly dirtsted: and whereas by fiyeral acts of parliament, made in the tenth year of his aid late Majesty's reign, and in the third, finth, ninth, eleventh, twelfth, six iunth, nineteenth, twenty first, twenty-eighth, thirtyfirst, and thirty third of his late majesty King George far Second; and the focond, fourth, and seventh years of his present Majesty's reign, it was enacted, That every deed and will, maitfince the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred andfiventeen, in order to pass, alters or change, any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any interefi therein, or any relit or profit there out, from any papist, or person f rtf effing the popish religion, to any frotejlent or protestants, or by reason of which deed or will any protestant or protestants may claim or derive any legal, equitable, or other interest whatsoever, to his, her, cr their use, for his, her, or their benefit, or to the use or benefit of any aether protestant or protestants, though not enrolled, or not enrolled in due tme, shall be ns good and effectuol in law as the same would have been in cofe the said deeds and wills had been tnr oiled within the times limited, by the said clauses in the aid acts, for the inrollment thereof \ provided the said deeds and with Should be enrolled on or before the respective times in the said several acts for that ptirpose rtten noned, in such manner as by the said clause in the first mentioned act is directed: be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every deed and will, made since the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, m order to pass, alter, or change, any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any interest therein, or any relit or profit thereout, from any papist, or person professing the popish religion, to any protestant or protestants, or by reason of which deed or will any protestant or protestants

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 47, 75

tenants may claim or derive any legal, equitable, or other interest whatsoever, to his, her, or their use, for his, her, or their benefit, or to the use or benefit of any other protestant or protestants, though not enrolled, or not enrolled in due time, shall be as good s*nd effectual in the law as the same would have been in case the said deeds and wills had been enrolled within the times limited, by the said clauses in the said as, for the inrollmen* thereof 5 provided the same deeds and wills shall be enrolled on or before the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, in such manner as by the said clause in the said first mentioned act is drafted.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall This act not extend, or be construed to extend, to make good any fitch?*?tendto deed, will, or Icafe, already made and not enrolled, of the want of inroilment whereof advantage shall have been taken on or whereof has before the second day of June one thousand seven hundred and been brought Seventy seven; but every such deed, will, or lease, shall remain in question of such force and effect only, as the same would have had if this ^efore June> act had never been made, and of none other force and efieft. lt

III. And whereas many purebafes made by protestants may be in Purchases

danger of being impeached or coded in question, in regard Ante fme made by pm deeds or wills, through which the title thereto is derived, ought to to

have been enrolled according to the said acts, bat have not heenfo enrolled;

be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, title deeds wot

That no purchase made for full and valuable consideration of any having been

manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of enrolled, etc.

any interest therein, by any protestant or protestants, and merely

and only for the benefit of the protestants, shall be impeached

or avoided, for or by reason that any deed or will, through which the title thereto is derived, hath not been enrolled as required

by the said acts, so as po advantage was taken of inroilment

thereof before such purchase Was made, and so as no decree or

judgement hath been obtained for want of the mroumeflt of such

deeds or wills.

IV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall ex This act not

tend, or be construed to extend, to make good any grant, lease, to make good or mortgage, of theodvowfon or right of presentation, collation, she r^tof* nomination, or donation, of and to any benefice, ptebend, or presentation ecclesiastical living, school, hospital, or donative, or any avoidance to any bene thereof, made by any papist, or person profiling the popish rt fice*cftc*in ligion, in trust, directly or iodirectly, mediately or immediately, aily

by or for any such papist, or person professing the popish religion, whether such triift hath been declared by writing or not,

CAP. XLVII.

An act to amend fiscb part of an act, made in ikeforty third par of the reign of Sjhuern Elisabeth, intudki9 An act for the relief of the poor, as relates to the binding of par\/b apprentices.

WHEREAS in and by an at!, Mbit in the forty third year of preamye# the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An act for the rea E.'; lies of the poorest was enacted That it /bould he lawful for the iccited.

76 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 48. [1778.

churchwardens and overseers tier an mentioned, the greater part of

them, by the assent of any two justices of the peace, to bind the children of all such parents who shall not, by the said churchwardens and over. Jeers, or the greater part of them, be thought able to keep and maintain their children, to be apprentices, where they shall Jee convenient, till such nan: child shall come to the age of four and twenty years, and such woman child to the age of one and twenty years, or day of marriage: and whereas it has been found by experience that the said term re spefling men children is longer than is neassary, and that if such man child was bound to be on apprentice only till he came to the age of one and twenty years, all the benefits intended by the said act would be preserved, the hardflnps brought on such parish apprentices, by the length of their apprenticeship, would be avoided, and the good harmony between master and apprentice would be better maintained; may it therefore ple^fc your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice'and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, when any man child shall be bound to be an apprentice by virtue of and under the authority of the said act, made in the forty third year of to continue an Queen Elizabeth such child shall be bound to be an apprentice

No child apprenticed by virtue of the recited act.

apprentice after the age

f SI

for no longer term than till such child shall come to the age of twenty-one years.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for impowering the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the city of London, in common council assembled. to raise, upon the credit Qt the surplusses to anse out of a certain fund, commonly called the orphans fund, the sum of forty thousand pounds, towards discharging the debt incurred in rebuilding the gaol ot Newgate, and a sessions house adjoining, and for comp eting the said gaol, and building an infirmary thereto $ and other the purposes therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

Recital of acts 5 and 6 Gul. & Mar. si Geos.9 Geos. and 7 Geo. 3. On July 5, 1766, 58, 500k wanted to complete blackfriars bridge, etc. 7, 500k for embanking the Thames 30, 000k for redeeming the tolls of London bridge 50, 000l. for building Newgate and 10, 000k for repairing the Royal Exchange. Recital of the powers granted to the corporation of London by the Act of 7 Geo. 3. 156, 000k to be borrowed, at 3l.10s. percent, per ann. for the purposes before mentioned. 'The fund established by ad 5 & 6 Gul. & Mar. charged with the payment of moneys thentofore borrowed, and also the said ium of 156, 000k And to render the said fund sufficient to pay off the said debts, the duty of 6d. per chaldron on coals and culm was further continued for 46 years, etc. The order in which the different payments were to be made out of the fund. How the surplusses were to be disposed of Court of aldermen were to give six months notice of their intention to pay the respective sums borrowed, or to redeem the annuities, etc. In case of any deficiency in the said fund, the same to be supplied out of the chamber of London. Recital of the pfogress made in building a new gaol, and the expense thereof. An infirmary wanted. Common councilimpowered to complete the new gaol, and to build an infirmary adjoining thereto nd for that purpose to raise 40, 000k upon the orphans fund. Contributors to be entitled to redeemable annuities at 4k 10s. percent, per ann. Common council to give bonds for such annuities, assignable by endorsement. The annuities to be charged on the orphans fund. Surplusses of the said fund how to be applied. Upon six months notice of redemption of annuities,

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 49  51.

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

and tender of the money, the annuities to cease; the principal to be Bill payable. Deficiencies in payment of interest, to be supplied oat of the chamber of London. The 4.0, 000l. to be applicable only for the purposes of this act*The surplus (if any) to be applied to increase the fund Chamberlain to keep accounts of receipts and disbursements. Common council empowered to appoint officers; and allow them salaries. Officers concerned in the receipt of money to give security. Penalty on officers misapplying any of the said moneys. City answerable in case of any misapplication by them. Amerciaments, etc. against the city to be applicable to the uses of this act, and not to be discharged, etc. Disbursements of the 4.0, 0001. to be included in the chamberlain's annual account. Bonds, etc. not liable to any duty. Taislift not to aff; ft any of the pity's present creditors prisoners may he removed. Limitation of afttons.

CAP. XLIX.

An act for applying the fiira of one thousand pounds, to arise out of the surplusses of a certain fund commonly called the Orphans Fund, for the purpose of opening communications between Wapping Greet and stat cl*ff highway, and between old Gravel lane and virginia street, within the panfhes of Saint George and Saint Jjhn of Wapping, in the county of Middlesex.

[Preamble.]

Recital of 17 Geo. 3. C and aft 5 & 6 Gul. & Mar. City of London to pay 4.5l. per annum to the treasurer of the of under the firs recited act. Bonds to be given for securing the payment of the annuity, and delivered to the treasurer. Bonds to be numbered, and may be sold. Application of the money arising by such sale. Holders of bonds may bring actions thereon. Annuities to be redeemable by the city on six months notice. Orphans fund charged with the annuities. publick act.

CAP. L

An act for applying the sum of one thousand five hundred pounds, to arise, of the surpluslfes of a certain fund, commonly called the Orphans'Fund, for the purpose of widening certain avenues leading into good mag Fields, in the county of Middlesex.

[Preamble.]

[Public act.]

Act 5 & 6 Gul. & Mar. recited. City of London to pay an annuity of 671.10s. to the of; and for that purpose to iflite bonds under their common teal. Value and condition of the bonds. Bonds to be be numbered, and may be sold. Application of the money arising from sale thereof. Annuities to he redeemable by the city on six months notice. The orphans fund charged with the payment of the annuities. Persons advancing money to pay expenses of this a, to be allowed interest for the same.

CAP. LI.

An act for applying the sum of four thousand pounds, to arise out of the surplusses of a certain fund, commonly called the Orphans Fund, towards completing the paving of the town and borough of Southwark, and certain parts adjacent, in the county of Surrey.

[Preamble.]

[Publick act.]

Recital of aft 6 Geor 3. and aft 5 & 6 Gul. & Mar. City of London to pay an annuity of 1801. to the of under the firs recited act; and for that purpose to issue bonds under their common Teal Value and condition of the bonds. Bonds ro be numbered, and assignable by endorsement. Application of money arising from the bonds, Annu* lties to be redeemable by the city on six months notice. The orphans fund charged with the payment of the annuities. Interest of 4l. 101. percent, to be allowed lor money advanced to pay the expences of this act

r

[Preamble.]

Alphabetical l*ft* to be made out of prifo*er$ in custody for d hr on Jan.

*7?* or li<ice that date.

with the time whencharged, and at whole suit.

Lists to be delivered to the Quarter sessions.

Warden of the Fleet, etc to take an oath on delivering in lists

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. f 177

CAP. LII.

An act for the relief of insolvent debtors; and for the relief of bankrupts in certain cases.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS many persons, by losses and other misfortunes are rendered incapable of paying their whole debts; and though they are willing to make the utmost satisfaction they can, (and many of them are able to serve his Majesty by sea or land), yet are they detained in prison by their creditors or have been forced to go into foreign parts out of this realm: and whereas such unhappy debtors have always been deemed the proper cbjefts of public companion, and, by several acts of parliament, have beeh discharged on the conditions in such acts mentioned; for the relief, therefore, of insolvent prisoners and fugitives, who shall comply with the ter mi contained in this act, to be respectively observed by them, and faithfully discover upon oath and deliver up and assign all their effects and efiates whatsoever, for the benefit of their creditors, and to prevent as far as possible, the many frauds and abuses, which in a great measure, have obstructed the good ends of such acts; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, ia this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, all and every gaoler or keeper of any prison, in any county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, within this kingdom, shall, is and are hereby required to make a true, exact, and perfect list, alphabetically, of the nangp or names of all and every person or persons, who, upon the twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, was or were, or at any time since havie been, under the terms and conditions herein mentioned, and at the time of making out every such list shall be, really an actual prisoner or prisoners, in the custody of any gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of any prison respectively, upon any process whatsoever, foe or by reason of any debt, damage, costs, sum or Turns of money, contempt, or otherwise; and an account of the time when such prisoner or prisoners was or were respectively charged in custody, or received in prison, together with the name or names of the person or persons at whose suit or prosecution such prisoner or prisoners is or are detained; and shall deliver the same to the justices of the peace, at their first or second general quarter section or general session of the peace, to be held after the pahing of this actor at some adjournment thereof, for such county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the warden of his majesty's prison of the Fleet, and marihal of the King's Bench Prison shall severally, on the delivering in of any such list of prisoners in their respective custody, take an oath, in the open court of such general quarter session of the peace, or at some adjournment thereof, to the effect following*(that is to say:)

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52.

[The oath.]

I A.B. upon my corporal oath, in the presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, profess, and declare, That all and every person and persons, whose name or names is or are inferred and contained in the first part of the list by me now delivered in and subscribed, was and were, to the best of my knowledge and belief upon the twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, really and truly prisoners in afluol custody, in the prison or gaol of [insert the name of the prison], at the suit or suits of the several person or persons therein respectively mentioned; and also, that all and every person and persons, whose name or names is or are inserted or contained in the fccondpart of the fa'td life now by me delivered in and substribed as aforesaid, have, fence the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, been committed or surrendered to the said gaol or prison of [insert the name of the gaol or prison], at the suit or suits of the several person or persons therein respectively mentioned; except such person or persons who is or are in such lijl particularly mentioned and described to have died, hen discharged, dr removed to some other prison, by process of law, fence the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight; and also except such person or persons who is or are in fetch I ft particularly mentioned and deferred to have been permitted to have gone out of the said prison, by day rules of the court of [Common Pleas, or King's Bench, as the case shall be] fence the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thou fandseven hundred and seventy eight, to tranjafl their affairs \ and also except such person or persons who is or are therein also particularly mentioned and described to have, upon the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, or fence, been in the rules of the said prison of the [Fleet, or king's Bench, as the case shall be,] by leave of [the warden or marshal of the said prison, as the case shall be] j and have, to the be ft of my knowledge and belief, really and truly, ever fence, continued and remained in actual custody in the said prison of the [Fleet, or King's Bench, as the case shall be], or the liberties thereof, at the suit or suits of the several persons in the said list respefitvely mentioned \ [and if any prisoner or prisoners hath or have since the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, escaped out of either of the said prisons, then insert], except [insert the name or names of the prisoner or prisoners who have escaped], who, without my knowledge, privity, or consent, bath or have escaped out of the said pr 'tfen of

and that the said list is a true, exafl, persect, and just life of all such'who were really and truly prisoners in actual custody in the said gaol or prison of

on the said twenty-eight day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and who, fence the said twenty-eighth day of January, ore thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, have been committed to, and really have been, and now is or are, prisoner or prison ets, in o ftual custody, in the said gaol or prison of or the liberties thereof and that none of such prisoners, to my knowledge,

8o

AH other gaolers, onw*ering in their litti, to take the following Oath.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. [1778.

or with my privity, have voluntarily, or with design, or in ex peftalion, to take any benefit from or under any act of parliament to be made for relief of insolvent debtors, surrendered eh emselyes, or been, committed to the said prisen, or got their names entered as prisoners in the books of the said prison, or ftnee the said twenty eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, to my know ledge, or with my privity, have resided out of the said prison of

or the rules thereof [but if any have so done, add,except naming such by name].

And that every other gaoler and keeper of any other prison or prisons, in any county, city, town, riding, division, place, or liberty, shall severally, on the delivering in of any such list respectively, take an oath in the open court of the general quarter session or general session of the county, city, town, division, liberty, or place, for which he or she shall deliver in any such list, and swear to the effect following; (that is to say):

I A.B. upon my corporal oath, in the presence of Almighty God, do fdemnly swear, profess, and declare, That all and every person and persons, whose name or names are inserted or contained in the first part of the list by me now delivered in and subscribed, was and were, to the be ft of my knowledge and belief, upon the twenty eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, really and truly prisoners in a dual custody, in the prison or gaol of at the suit or suits of the several persons therein respectively mention ed; and also that all and every per fan and persons, whose name or names is or are inserted or contained in the second part of the said list now by me delivered in and subscribed, as aforesaid, have, Jtnce the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, been committed or surrendered to the said gaol or prison of [if any such prisoner or prisoners.hath

or have, since the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand feveft hundred and seventy eight, been committed or surrendered to such gaol or prison], at the suit or suits of the fevetal person or persons therein respectively mentioned, except [if any exception is necessary] such persons as are therein particularly mentioned and described to have died, been discharged, 'or removed to some other prison by process of law, or to have escaped out of such prison without my privity, knowledge, or corsent, ftnee the aid twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight; and that all and every of them, whose name and names is and are conjained in the first part of the said list (exceft as before excepted) tb the best of my knowledge and belief, have really and truly continued in actual custody in the said gaol or prison of

ever since the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and that the said list is a true, exact, persect, and just list of all such persons as were really and truly prisoners in actual custody, tn the said gaol or prison of on the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and who since the said twenty-eighth day of January,

81

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 2.

huary, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, have been realty and truly committed, or furrehderid to the said gaol or prison of

(except as before excepted) to the bel of fny knowledge and belief \ and that none of [uch prisoners, to m knowledge, or with my privity, have Voluntarily, or with design, or in expectation, to take any benefit front or under any act of parliament to be made for relief of insolvent debtors, surrendered or been committed to the said prifin of.

tr got his, her, or their name or names entered as prisoner or prisoners in the books of the said prison, or fence their commitment, have to my knowledge, or tviib my privity, resided out of the said prison of

[if any have so done, then add, txcept inserting their names.]

Which said fefpetfive baths the said justices, at theiirft or second Oithi to b general quarter session or general session aforesaid, or at some adjournment thereof, within their respective jurisdictiofis, arfc j coart! CC hereby empowered and required to administer in open court: and the words of the said oath herein before directed to be taken an] entered A by the said warden and marshal respectively shall be entered or written at the end or bottom of the list which shall be delivered Of the lists.*in by them respectively, and shall be subscribed and sworn to by them respectively in open court \ and the words of the oath to be taken by every such gaoler or keeper respectively shall be entered or written at the end or bottom of the list which shall be delivered by them respectively, and shall be subscribed and sworn^by them respectively in open court: and every such list which by tw shall be so delivered in, subscribed, and sworn to, in pursuance clerk of tbd of this act, shall be kept by the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or peace, other officer acting as clerk of the peace of every such county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty rcljpedively, in Which any such list as aforesaid shall be sworn to, for the better satisfaction of the said justices, and information of all of any prisoner or prisoners therein named; and so as the same may, from time to time, be seen and examined by any creditor or creditors of prisoner or prisoners, without fee or reward;

lit. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, threc6fc* That all and every gaoler and gaolers and keeper of any gaol f list toc Or prison, is and are hereby required, ten days at lead before the first of second general quarter session or general session of the pnum>* peace shall be held, after the passing of this act, for the county, tiding, division, city, town, place, or liberty in which any gaol

Or prison shall be, or to which the same belong, to fix up in some tonfpicuous place or places in every such prison, and at the most frequented and usual gate, door, or entrance, into every such prison, three or ntore true copies of the list or lists proposed or intended to be delivered in by any such gaoler or keeper at tbd laid general quarter sessions, or at some adjournment thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and Perfbht in persons, whose name or names shall be inferred in any such list ein tb to be delivered in as aforesaid, who, upon the said iwcnty eighth prisoner*

yqli XXXII. Q day without s

fraudulent intention, on Jan, i77*>

and conforming to this act, shall he discharged.

Persons arrested for debt, and held to bail, on or before Jan. 10,

1778, forren dering themselves on or

Ding thivast, shall be discharged

2 Anno decimo oft?ro III c. 52. [1778.

day of January, one thousand seven umn hcd and seventy eight, were really and truly prisoners in the ado a! custody of any gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of any prison respectively of this kingdom, and did not come into or get his, her, or their names entered in the book of any gaol or prison as a prisoner or prisoners there, with a view or design to take the benefit of some act for relief of insolvent debtors, and who shall take the oath herein after mentioned, and shall perform, on h: $ or her part, what is required to be done by hm or her by this act, shall be for ever released and discharged from his or her imprisonment, in such manner as hereafter is provided.

V Provided always, and be it enacted, That any person or persons who shall have been arrested and in actual custody of an officer, for any sum or sums of money by virtue of any writ or process, i(tiling out of any court of record, and held to bail thereon, and which bail shall be upon record, on or before the tenth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and what shall have, on or before the twelfth day of February

8 and con qncthu, and seven hundred and seventy eight, surrendered him, forming to her, or themselves, in discharge of his, her, pr their bail, and shall thereupon have been committed to prison, every such person or persons shall, upon due proof of the preinifes upon oath, be discharged from his, her, or their imprisonment, in like 'ttianner as if such person or persons had been actually in prison on the twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, subject, jievertheless, to the same re ftriftiops and provisions, and a compliance with the like terms, conditions, and qualifications, herein before imposed upon persons actually in custody on the twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and also subject to the same terms and conditions relating to the estate and effects of every such prisoner as aforesaid,

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall apd may be lawful for any justice or justices of the peace of any county, riding, division, city^town, place, or liberty, within this kingdom, uppn the petition of any such prisoner or prisoners to any justice or justices of the peace, within his or their respective jurisdictions, upon every such prisoner or prisoners, so petitioning, and, at the time of his or her so petitioning, leaving with the justice or justices of the peace who shall be so petitioned, a true copy of the

schedule, containing iiis or her intended discovery of his or her real and personal estate, to be sworn to at the first.or second general quarter session next ensuing after every such petition, or may issue their some adjournment thereof, by warrant under his hand and (cal, warrant for or the; r nd and seals, to require the sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler tctttsmiamr or galers> or keeper of any such prison within the jurisdiction sessions, etc. of any such justice or justices, touring before the justices, at the first or second next general quarter session or general session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof to be held, as the case shall happen to be, next after the expiration of ten days froqi Jthe'dute of such warrant, Tor such respective county, riding, di

Justices, on petition of any prisoner, nd his.deli vertag a sche etiile of his estate.

with the war unt jof his detainer, etc.

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. Si

Vision, city, town, place, or liberty, the body of any person being in the said prison as aforesaid, with the warrant or warrants of his or her detainer, together with a copy or copies of the cause or causes which he, she, or they, is or are charged with in any such gaol or prison as aforesaid, at the time aforesaid; for which copy or copies of cause or causes, such prisoner shall apply to the said gaoler or keeper of fitch prison, or to the clerk of the papers, or other person who shall make out and transcribe the same, at least six days before the time of his or her discharge; and such prisoner shall pay for the same the sum of two Shillings, and no more, for making out, transcribing, and frgning the same 5 Vrbich warrant of every such justice or justices, every such sheriff / X and sheriffs, gaoler or keeper, is and are hereby commanded to obey.

VII. And be it also enacted, That the copy of every schedule Schedule of which shall be left with any such justice or justices, shall, within the prhoner'i ten days after the same shall be so left, be transmitted by the cl*atj: lob justice or justices, with whom the same shall be so left, to the [h^clerk of^clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace;* the peace for the county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, in which the same shall have been so left, there to remain and be inspedied, from time to time, asoccasion shall re forinspettiort choir, by any creditor of any such prisoner who shall desire to or creditor, inf A the same.

P And be it also enacted, That every such justice ot Any justice who shall refuse or omit, for the space of ten days, to omitting foe transmit the copy of the schedule, so left with him as aforesaid, ten day to to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer atfting as clerk of the peace, for the county, riding, division, city, town; ichedulefo place, or liberty, in which the same shall have been so left, shall the cleifc of'for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds the peace, tt which mall anti may be sued for and recovered in any of his majesty's courts of record at Wejirfiinjier, by action of debt, together with costs of suit, in the name of any person who shall prosecute for the same; and one moiety of which money forfeit CD shall, when recovered, go to the party who prosecutes for the '

same, and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the pariftl in which the offence shall be committed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every prisoner Prisoner irf. and prisoners, who shall intend to petition to be discharged uh tending to pe der this act, as aforesaid, shall first cause public notice to be jtfchargvane inserted in three several London Gazettes, previous to such gene to giv* prevl ral quarter'session*or general session, or the adjournment thereof ous notice'at which the said prisoner or prisoners shall apply to be discharged hi<b#

from any gaol m London, or within the weekly bills of mortality; #l

and if such prisoner shall be in custody in any gaol out of Lon;

don, or the weekly bills of mortality, then also in fpme newspaper# which shall be published in of near the county, xidirtgi division city, town, liberty, or place, in the gaol whereof he or she shall be foin custody; containing the namev'trtfde, and occupation, and two last places of abode, if fb many, of every such prifoper and prisoners and the prison vwierein be she, dr they, is.or aw

to be inserted.

Printer of Gazette to Jceepan alpha bet tea] lilt, etc.

84 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. [1778.

confined, and of his, her, or their intention to take the benefit of this act; and mentioning such notice in each Gazette or newspaper, to be the first, second, orihird notice, according to d. to be paid the time of publiftiing each of such notices; and for the inserting each time for Gf each of which said several notices in the said Gazette, or in t?ces!ms n" any other newspaper, there shall be paid, each time, by every such prisoner, twopence, and no more: the first of which said notices shall be so inserted in the said Gazette, or in the said other newspapers, as the case may require, twenty-one days at least, and the last of the said notices six days at least before any such first or second general quarter session, or general session, or adjournment thereof, shall be held as aforesaid; so that as well all the creditors who have not charged the said prisoner or prisoners in custody, as those creditors who have charged such prisoner or prisoners in execution, or on mesne process, or otherwise, may have sufficient notice thereof; and the printer of such Gazette is hereby required to keep a book, and enter therein an alphabetical list of the names of prisoners advertising and intending to take the benefit of this act, and the names of the different prisons in which they are confined.

X Andy to the intent that all creditors may have full and sufficient time to consider the matters and things contained in the schedule or schedules intended to be delivered in by any debtor or debtorsy be it Every debtor further enacted, That every such debtor, when he or she shall i11crfh* cording to the directions of this act) publish the first notice estate to the an intention to petition for his or her discharge, be or (he shall

fader, and to in such notice, declare, that the schedule, containing his or her eclare the intended discovery of his or her real and personal estate, (to be worn to n manner as by this act directed) is lodged in the hands of the gaoler or keeper, or the deputy of such gaoler or keeper, of the prison wherein any such prisoner shall be confined; and every such prisoner is hereby directed and required to deliver such schedule to such gaoler, keeper, or deputy, as the case may be, before he shall publish such first notice s aforesaid, signed by his or her own christian and surname; to be attested by any such gaoler, keeper, or deputy; and

backto prison. n ca^c any pr*oner ft*aueglcft or refuse to deliver one such pr*schedule to such gaoler, keeper, or deputy, prior to such his first notice, to be given as aforesaid, he or she, upon due proof made of such neglect to the satisfaction of the court to which such prisoner shall make application for his discharge, shall be remanded back to prison, there to remain till he or she shall have complied with the directions aforesaid: and every such gaoler, keeper, or deputy, is hereby directed and required to attest the signature of the prisoner's name to such schedule, and to receive gtvehimvdu the same into his custody and charge, giving a duplicate thereof plicate there, to every such prisoner, with an acknowledgement of his having received the original; and he is hereby further required to de and also to liver a true copy of any such schedule, signed by himself. any*fred&or request made to him by any creditor for that purpose, in writ ho requests such copy to be delivered to the creditor himself, or to tt. such personas he shall appoipt to receive the lame, within three

notice, etc.

On neglect thereof, to be

Gaoler to'at tett the prisoner's signature to his schedule, and

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. 85

days after demand made, on payment for each schedule after the rate of sixpence per sheet, each sheet to contain seventy two words; and foin proportion for any Jess number of words; and in case such creditor shall, only search or examine such schedule, then such creditors shall pay for every such search and examination the sum of one shilling: and if any such Gaoler, etc. gaoler, keeper, or deputy, shall neglelf or refuse to conform to so teit 10j* the directions hereby given him respelling such schedule, every or c1 ao*such gaoler, keeper, or deputy, so offending, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to any person who shall sue for and recover the lame, in any of his majesty's courts of record at fvefitmnjler* by action of debt.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the notices to be given by every prisoner, in manner directed by this act, shall be to the effect following; viz.

I [insert the name, trade, occupation,

and two last places of abode, if so many] new confined in oner not*ce#

finfert the name of the prison and county,] do hereby give this pustick notice, being [insert the first fe cond* or third as the case may be,] that I do intend to take the benefit of an act* pojfed in the eighteenth year of his present Majesty's reign (entitled An act for the relief of insolvent debtors; and for the relief of bankrupts, in certain cases); [and if it be the first notice, then add] and I do hereby give notice, that a true and perfeb schedule, containing a discovery of all my real and per final estate hereafter to be sworn to is now ready to be delivered to any creditor applying for the same, in manner aforesaid, to the gaoler or keeper, or his deputy, of [insert the name

of the prison wherein such prisoner shall be confined, and the county in which it is situate] ]

every such notice shall be signed by the prisoner, and Notice to be countersigned by the gaoler or keeper, or deputy of such gaoler by t, # or keeper, of the prison wherein such prisoner shall be confined. on oner*ctc*

XII. And be it further enacted, Thar every such prisoner as Prisonerbeing aforesaid, who, in pursuance of any such wariant as aforesaid,

shall be brought to the general quarter session, or any adjourn publication of, ment thereof shall, in case it shall be proved upon oath, or by notice prpv*

'producing the said thfee Gazettes and newspapers before men ed, etc. tioned to the said justices, at any such session, or the adjournment thereof, that such notices were inserted in the London Gazette, and other newspapers, were required, in manner as hereinbefore is direlied, and that the person or persons so petitioning was or were actually a prisoner or prisoners on the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, or since, in the gaol or prison in which his, her, or their name or names is or a re specified in the lid of prisoners there delivered in at any such first or second session, or any adjourn ment thereof, as aforesaid, in pursuance of this all, shall, in open ^hcduleof1*Court, at the said general quarter session, or general session, or his eftatct*G 3 any debts, etc

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52, [1778.

any adjournment thereof, subscribe and deliver in a true scha dule or account of all his or her real estate, either in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy; and also of the whole of his or her personal estate, which he or she, or any person or persons in trust for him or her, or for his or her use, benefit, or advantage, is or are seized of, interested in, or entitled to, or was or were in his or her possession, at any time since his or her commitment to prison, with the names of his or her several debtors, and where they respectively Jive, or may be met with; and the several sums of money from them respectively owing, and how the same respectively became due, nd are secured $ if by mortgage, specialty, contract, note, or other writing, then the name and names and places of abode of the several witnesses who can prove such debts or contracts, (if there be any such), and shall also make oath nd swear to the effect following; (that is to say:)

Prt (oner's TA.B. upon my corporal oath, in the presence of Almighty goj\ oath on deli J[ do solemnly swear, protejl % and declare, That On the twenty-eighth schedule*1^f January one thousand seven kindred and seventy*eight, 1 was C C u ea prisoner, or else [as the case may be] that since the said twenty' eighth day of January, one thou fond seven hundred and fiventy eighty lhavefurretiderejy or have been committed to the prison of in discharge of my daily or for want of daily [as the case shall be]; and that I was actually arrejledy and in the custody of an officery before the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eighty in the attion or suit actions or fuitsy in which I surrendered or was committed as aforesaid, to the said gaol or prison of and that I have ever since my said

surrender or commitment, continued a prisoner within the prison of in the actual custody of the gaoler or keeper of the said prison of or within the liberties

'thereof, at the suit of and without any

'fraud or collision whatsoever; and that the schedule now delivered by mty and subjeribedy doth contain y to the be ft of my knowledge, remembrance, and belief y a fully jufly truly and per fed account and discovery of all the goods, effectsy and eflatesy real and personaly either in pof session, reversiony remainder, or expeflancy, which /, or any person in trust for me or for my benefit or advantagey are feij'ed or possessed of interested /*, or entitled toy or was or were in my possession at any time since my commitment to prison; and of all debts as are to me owing, or to any person or persons in trust for me \ and of all the fe curt tiej and contrails whereby any money now is or willy or may hereafter become payabuy or any benefit or advantage may accrue to mty or to my ufey or to any person or persons in trust for me \ and the names and places of abode of the several persons from whom such debts are due and owing; and of the witnesses that can prove such debts or contracts, [if any such there be]; and that neither /, nor any aether person or persons in trust for mey or for my use, have any lands, money,jlocky or any estatex peal or personaly in possessmy reversiony or remainder, or expectancy % other than what are in the said schedule contained except wearing ap..... ..... fiat

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52-

partly and bedding for myself and family, working tools, and necessary* implements for my occupation and calling, together with a fumkof money not exceeding forty fillings, and these in the whole net exceeding tbi value of twenty pounds; and that have not, nor anybody for me bath, directly or indirectly, sold, Icjfcned, or otherwise conveyed, aifposed of in truji, or concealed, all or any part of my lands, money, goods, chattels, flock, debts, securities, contracts, or ef.ate, real ir per fond, whereby to secure the same, or to receive or expect any profit or advantage thereof, or with intent to defraud or deceive any creditor or creditors to whom I am or was indebted in anywise howsoever.

So help me GOD.

And the said schedule and oath shall be, by every such prisoner. Schedule and subscribed In the presence of the justices in open session of the oath to be tub peace, as hereby is directed, and shall be kept by, and remain feribedin the with the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting {^ged^ith as clerk of the peace, for the county, city, liberty, division, town, the clerk Tor or place, where the same shall be subscribed and taken, for the the examina better information of all the creditors of luc!) prisoner who shall t, on of credi desire, or may have occasion, to resort thereto; and every such for, creditor shall be at liberty, at seasonable times in the day time to peruse and examine the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the justices within court.at the' their respective jurisdictions, at any such general quarter session, rcqufli of a or general session, or adjournment thereof, at the request of any creditor, rpay creditor or creditors of any such prisoner, are hereby authori&d examine gaol to cause the deputy warden and marshal of the Fleet and King's o^tc* ri Bench prison, and any other under officer, tipstaff, and turnkey of any gaol or prison, and any other person, tp come before them, and to examine them respectively on oath, touching any of the matters contained in any of the oaths prescribed by this 36i to be taken, and the truth thereof; and if the oath which the prisoner's shall have been taken in open court by any prisoner or prisoner oath not be shall not be disproved by good testimony of any credible per coimys'tj son or persons on oath, and such justices or the major parr of diidwgehim, them, present at any such general quarter session, or general Teflion, shall be satisned with the truth of the oath taken by any such respective prisoner, then such justices shall, in such (elhon, or some adjournment thereof, command the said sheriff* or he riffs, gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of such prison or prisons, forthwith to set at liberty such prifoper or prisoners, without having or taking any fee or reward, other than one hil on his paying ling for his or their attendance with every such prisoner at such afeeofis to general quarter session, or general session, or any adjourn gaoler; meat thereof in order for his, her, or their discharge; (and which every such sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of such prison or prisons, is and are hereby authorised to receive and take for every such order:)and every such order who shall bt shall be a sufficient discharge to the sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or indemnified gaolers, or keeper of such prison or prisons, and shall indemnify fr the escape.

tg Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. [1778.

him or them against any escape or escapes, or action or action$ whatsoever for escape, which shall or may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted, against him or them.

jsfttte tnd ef

XIV. And be it further enacted by though authority aforesaid, seat the That all the estate, right, title, interest, and trust, of such pri si8d?sch*wn fnerj of, in, and unto, all the real estate, as well freehold and to be vetted in copy, as customaryhold, and to all the personal estate, debts, the clerk of and effects, of every such prisoner, shall, immediately after the the peace dltcharge of any such prisoner, be, and the same is hereby vested n the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting a clerk of the peace, of and for the county, riding, city, town corporate, division, liberty, or place, where any such prisoner shall be who it to make respectively discharged; and every such clerk of the peace, town over the same clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, is hereby di to the aflig rested and required to make an assignment and conveyance of every such prisoner's estate and e/fedts, vested in such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of thp

peace, as aforesaid, to such creditor or creditors of the said prisoner, as the justices at any general quarter session of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, which shall be held by them within their respective jurisdictions, shall order and direct, (which alignment and conveyance shall be good and effectual in law, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, without being wrote on parchment or paper stamped) j and to vest the estates thereby

assigned and conveyed in the party or parties to whom the same shall be so assigned and conveyed, his, her, and their heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, according to the estate and for which he interest the prisoner had therein; and for the preparing, inwall be paid grossing, and executing of which assignment and conveyance, po clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk'of the peace, shall take any greater fee than two Shillings; and every such assignment and conveyance shall he in trust for the benefit of the creditor or creditors of every such prisoner tp whom the same shall be made, and the rest of the creditors of such prisoner, in respect or in proportion to their respective Assignees im debts j and every person or persons to whom any such assign powertd to ment and conveyance as aforesaid shall be made, is and areuc* hereby fully impowered to sue, from time tovime, as there may

be occasion, in his, her, or their own name or names, for the recovery and attaining any estate or effects of any such prisoner, or execute any anc a e*ecule any trust or power vested in, or created for truitorpower the use or benefit of, any such prisoner, but in trust for the be for the pri neiit of him or themselves, and the rest of the creditors of every (oner, etc. such prisoner. and to giye discharge and discharges to any debtor Assignees to Pr debtors f any such prisoner, as shall be requisite: and every get in the ef such assignee or assignees shall, with all convenient speed, after sea of the his or their accepting any such assignment or conveyance, use f^w a. his and their hest endeavours to receive and get in the estate'C and effedis of every such prisoner j and shall, with all convenient speed, make sale of all the estates of such prisoner vested such assignee or assignees j and if any such prisoner shall be'w. iptereftej

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. 89

interested in, or entitled to, any real estate, either in possessiori, and to sell, reversion, or expectancy, the same, within the space of two w, th, jj flionths after every such assignment and conveyance, shall be ijixnev's real sold by public audlion, in such manner, and at such place, as cltate, etc.

the major part of the creditors of any such prisoner who shall aflecnble together, on any notice in writing published in the London gazotuy or in some daily paper, if the prisoner before his going to gaol resided in London, or in the weekly bills of mortality, and if elsewhere, then in some newspaper which shall be published in or near the county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or place, in which such prisoner dwelled before he or she was committed to gaol, thirty days before any such sale shall be made, shall, under his hand, or their hands, agree on: and my*such assignee or assignees, at the end of three months at thin three farthest from the time of his or their accepting any such assign months mentor conveyance as aforesaid, shall make a just and fair dividend of all such prisoner's estate and cffetfs which shall have been then recovered amongst his or her creditors, in proportion and in regard to each creditor's respective debts; but before firstmaking any such dividend shall be made, such assignee or assignees shall up their ac make up an account of such prisoner's estate, and make oath in verify lnethem writing, before one or more justice or justices of the peace of the upon oath, county, riding, division, town, liberty, or place, in which any such prisoner shall have been discharged, that every such account contains a just and fair account of the estate and effects of every such prisoner got in by or for such assignee or assignees, and of all payments made in respect thereof, and that all payments in every such account charged were truly, and bona fide, made and paid; and notice of thetoaking of every such dividend shall be 30 dayi[notice published in like manner as a meeting of the creditors is hereinto given of before directed to be published, thirty days at lead before the jjdend* 1 same shall be made; and no creditor mall be allowed to receive and none to pnv share of such dividend, until he shall have made out the receive any justness and identity of his respective debt by oath, or due proof in writing, before some such justice or justices: if any creditor Loved their of such prisoner shall be dissatisfied with the reality or tairness of debts, any debt claimed by any other creditor, then the same, at the Debts claimed request of any such creditor or creditors so dissatisfied, shall be?* e*ain examined into by the justices of the county, riding, division, determined by pity, liberty, or place, in which such prisoner shall have been the court, discharged, at their next general quarter session, and what they shall there determine in the premises shall be conclusive to all parties: and if, after payment of all such prisoner's creditors. Surplus of the there shall any of his estate and eflfe&s remain after payment of prisoner's ef ?11 reasonable charges, the same shall be paid to such prisoner; [q him, etc, his executors or administrators,

XV. Andy to the intent that no loss may arise to any creditor or creditors from any neglect or omission in the schedule not containing the tvhoje of the estate, real or personal, belonging to any prisoner who ball apply for his or her discharge, under the authority of this a fly be it Creditors not pna^ed, That all the estate, whether real or personal, which shall ^y^ifnort

belong so jue che

9

dulc of prisoner's ellatt.

[Proviso.]

On death or removal of any clerk of the peace, etc. prisoners estates to become veiled in their successors.

No suit in equity to be commenced, but by consent of majority in value of creditors

Clerk of the peace to exhibit to the creditor, or his attorney, on payment of is. the schedule of any prison

Aonodecimo oflayo Georgii III. c. 52* [n

belong to any prisoner or prisoners and of which he, she, or they, shall be actually possessed at the time of making such fehe dule, shall be deemed and taken to be a part of the estate contained in such schedule, though not inserted therein, and shall. in like manner become vested in the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as such, to all intents and purposes as if the same had been contained in such schedule, and had been delivered into the court according to the directions of this a.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no person holding any security whatsoever, for which the insolvent never received any valuable consideration, shall be imitled to receive any benefit from his estate.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case of the death or removal of any clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, as aforesaid, in whom the estate, right, title, interest, or trust, of an' prisoner or pri  so'ners, shall have vested by the authority of this act; every such estate, right, title, interest, and trust, shall become vested in the successor or successors to every such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, as aforesaid, respectively, as the case may be, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, under the provisions of this act.

XVIII. Provided further, and be it also enacted, That no

suit in equity shall be commenced by any aftlgnee or assignees of any such prisoner's estate and effects, without the consent of the major part in value of the creditors of such prisoner, who shall meet together pursuant to a notice to be givervin the London Gazette for that purpose,

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace of every respective county, city, and county town, and county, riding, division, cinque port, liberty, and place, with whom any schedules of the estates of any insolvent debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, shall be left, and his successors, clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other, officer acting as clerk of the peace as aforesaid, shall, on the reasonable request of any creditor or creditors of such insolvent debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, or his or their attorney, produce and shew to such creditor or creditors, or his or their attorney, in the daytime, the schedule of the estates of any such insolvent debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, which shall be left with any such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, or his predecessor in that office the person so requiring to see and peruse any such schedule, paying or tendering to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, in whose custody any such schedule shall be, or his deputy, the sum of one shilling for his trouble in searching for, and looking out, such schedule, and attending whilst the same shall be perused by the party or parties requiring to have the same looked out, and to peruse the same: and

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. 91

that a true copy of every such schedule, signed by the clerk, of attested copy the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, in whose Custody the same shall be, or his deputy, pur cj*i"nce^a porting the same to be a true copy of such schedule, without being wrote on stamped paper, and for which copy no more shall be paid than sixpence by the (beet, (each sheet to contain seventy two words, and so iu proportion for a iefs>number of words), shall, at all times, be admitted in all courts whatsoever as legal evidence of the same: and if any clerk of the peace, or Clerk of the his deputy, town clerk, or other officer adding a? clerk of the p*ce refuting peace, shall, on reasonable request as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to produce to any such creditor or creditors as aforesaid, or his or or to deliver*then; attorney, any such schedule as aforesaid, and to permit the copy thereof, lame to be inspedkd as aforesaid, in the daytime, on such pay etc. mentor tender as aforesaid being made to him; or shall ask or take more than after the rate of sixpence by the (beet, each (licet to contain seventy two words, and foin proportion for less than seventy two words in a sheet; or shall refute to make and deliver a copy of any such schedule, on being requeued as aforesaid so to make the same, and having the money tendered to him for payment of such copy after the rate aforesaid j shall, for every Hiall forfeit such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds; which shall jl aj*d trc and may be sued for artd recovered in any of his majesty's courts 0 co 8# of record at Westminster, by a&ionof debt, together with treble costs of suit, in the name of any person who mall prosecute for the same: and one moiety of which money forfeited shall, when thepro^cuio*0 recovered, go to the party who prosecuted for the same, and the and the other other moiety thereof to the poor of the parish in which the octo the poor of fence shall be committed. the p*nfl*.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before such Assignees of time as any assignee or assignees aforesaid shall enter on, or take copynold or any profit from, any copyhold or customary estate, as aforesaid, customary he or they shall agree and compound with the lord or lords of compoufid the manor or manors of whom the same (half be held, for the with the lord payment of such fine or income as, upon any surrender and act of the manor, niifiion thereto, hath heretofore been most usually accustomed

to be paid; and that upon every such agreement or compofi and to be action, the said lord or lords for the time being, at the next court, or some subsequent court, which shall be held for the said p manor or manors, after such agreement made, shall admit such assignee or assignees tenant to such copyhold or customary pre -- mites, according to the cullom of the said manor or manors of which the same shall be held, for and during such estate and interest as the said prisoner had therein at the time of his or her, being discharged as aforesaid, reserving the rents, duties, heriots, customs, and services, payable and to be rendered ir respect of the said copyhold or customary premises.

XXI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall ex The prisoner tend to prejudice or affect any estate or interest, or right what right and in soever, of any other person or persons, other than the said pri

foie or fugitive, whi9h be ex pedant upon, or subjaft unto,

the

All mort gauges, etc. to tako^place preferable to claims of an inferior natare;

Powers in prisoners of leaf ing lands, etc. vetted in assignees.

The acting gaoler, at the time of deli

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52.

[177?#

the estate and interest of the said prisoner or fugitive, hereby vested in the said cleric of the peace, 'town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace; but that the estate, interest, and right whatsoever, of every other person or persons, shall remain, continue, and be saved to them, in the same manner as if this act had not been made.

XXII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed to binder or prevent any mortgage or mortgages upon the estate of such prisoner or prisoners, or any part thereof, to take place upon the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, comprised in such mortgage or mortgages respectively; nor to prevent any Statute staple, Statute merchant, recognisance, or judgement, acknowledged by or obtained against any such prisoner or pri  (oners, to take place upon the lands, tenements, or real estate, of such prisoner or prisoners and also where any inquisition, shall have been taken upon any such Statute or recognisance, or any writ or execution shall have been taken out and delivered to the sheriff or proper officer, upon any such judgement before such discharge shall be given in open session to any such personas aforesaid, the personal estate of every such prisoner respectively shall be subject thereto, in the first place, for so much as shall remain due upon such mortgage, Statute, recognisance, or judgement respectively, in lice manner as such mortgagees and creditors, by Statute, recognisance, or judgement, would have been preferred to other creditors of an inferior nature, against the real or personal estate of such prisoner and prisoners respectively, if this act had not been made; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in apy wise notwithstanding.

XXIII. And whereas many persons who may be inti tied to, and claim the benefit of this act, are seized and possessed of lands.) tenements, and hereditaments, to hold to such prisoners for the term of their natural lives, with power of granting leases, and taking fines, reserving small rents on such efiates, for one, two, or three lives, in possession or roversion, or for some number of years determinable upon lives, which said powers ought to be executed for the benefit of the creditors of such prisoners \ it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in every such case, all and every the powers of leasing such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which are or shall be vested in any such prisoner or prisoners, as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby vested in the assignee or assignees of the real and personal estate of such prisoner, by virtue of this act, to be by such assignee or assignees executed for the benefit of all and every the creditors of such prisoners as aforesaid.

XXIV. And whereas, in some gaols or prisons in this kingdom, the office of gaoler or keeper is held in fee for life, or otherwise, by persons who never aft as gaolers or keepers themselves, or know anything of the prisoners therein, but depute or employ some person or persons under them as gaolers or keepers of such gaols or prisons; be it therefore enacted, That, in every such case, the person who shall have been actually employed and acted as deputed gaoler or

keeper

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. 93

keeper of any such gaol or prison, at the time of the delivering wing the in the lists, hereby directed to be delivered in, of prisoners in ia

any such gaol or prison, at any general quarter sessions of the sworn peace, or some adjournment thereof, and not the principal gaoler or keeper, (unless where such principal gaoler or keeper shall act as gaoler or keeper himself)) take the oath herein before appointed to be taken by the gaoler or keeper of every such gaol or prison.

XXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Court, on re the justices at any general quarter session of the peace, or ad editor to*journment thereof, to which any prisoner shall be brought in administeran pursuance of this act, shall, if required by any creditor or ere oath to the ditors of any such prisoner or prisoners, who shall oppose his or gaoler, her discharge, administer and give to the gaoler, or the person who acts as gaoler or keeper of any such prison, at the time of bringing up ?ny such prisoner, in order to be discharged under this act, an oath to the following effect; (that is to say):

I A.B. do wear, That was really and truly a The oath.

prisoner in my custody, in the prison of to the hest of my knowledge and belief \ at or upon the twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and evenly eight; and that the copy or copies of the cause or cause s of his [or her] commit mentor detainer, now by me brought with the bodj of the said

and produced to this court, is or are a true copy cr copies of the cause or causes of such detainer or commitment, without any fraud or deceit by me, or any other person whatsoever, to the best of my knowledge and belief.

So help me GOD.

And if any person who was gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any such gaol or prison, on the said twenty-eighth \xtn gaoler day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, on Jan. is, or since, shall not happen to be the gaoler or keeper, or deputed 1778* then he gaoler or keeper, of any such gaol or prison, at the time any w1 the such list as aforesaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then QWU>* the justices, at any such session, or at any adjournment thereof, may and are hereby required to administer and give to the re, person or persons, who shall be gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper of any such gaol or prison, and deliver in any such list as aforesaid, at any such general or quarter session, or any adjournment thereof, an oath, touching the commitments, or books of commitment, of any such prison, to the cffecfc following; (that is to say):

I A.B. do swear, That I have examined the commitments, or books Oath, kept of or concerning the commitment, of prisoners to the prison of in the [county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty of as the case flxill be]; and that I do verily believe that the said commitments, or books of commitment, are really true, and not fictitious, nor calculated for this purpose; and by them it doth appear

94 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. [1778.

pear that was. on the twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred dud seventy eight, really and truly a prisoner in the actual evjlody of the then gaoler or keeper, or deputed

gaoler or keeper, of the said prison, without fraud or deceit by me of any other person or persons, to my knowledge and belief

So help me GOD.

and examine bun, on oath, etc.

Sheriff or gaoler, disobeying order of court, to ioifeit 1001. with treble costs.

XXVI. And, in order to dirover any fraudulent entries or commitments of prisoners in any gaol books, be it further enacted by the

Comtat the authority ntoresaid, That the justices at any general or quarter session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, are hereby au himmon the fborised, a the request of any creditor or creditbrs of any pri person VI ho fbner, to convene before them, at some certain time to be ap acted as gaoler pointed by them, any person or persons who was or were gaoler on Jan.8, cr keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any gaol or prison 177 > or mce, their respexftive jurisdictions, on the said twenty-eighth

day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, or at any time (ince; and to examine every such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, on oath, touching the commitment and continuance in custody of any such prisoner, as the justices, at any such general or quarter session, or adjournment thereof, shall think lit: and if any sheriff, gaoler, or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall negleift or refuse to bring before such justices, at any session of the peace, or adjournment thereof, any prisoner as shall be directed and required by warrant of any justice or justices as aforesaid, or to attend on being summoned for that purpose; or if any gaoler or keeper attending shall refofe to make answer and discovery in the premises, as shall be reasonably required at such general or quarter session, or any adjournment thereof, he, she, or they, so offending in the premises, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the font of one hundred pounds; to be recovered, by and in the name, and for the use, of the party injured, by action of debt, to ht brought in his or her name, in arry of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, together with treble costs of futt.

XXVII. And whereas a great number of workmen, skilful in the several trades and manufactures of this kingdom, and also many abk seamen and mariners y finding themselves unable to satisfy the whole of their respectrue debts, and dreading the mi[erie\ of a gaol, have chose to leave their employments and native country, and have entered themselves in foreign service: and whereas their continuance abroad must be of great prejudice to the trade of this kingdom; in order therefore to induce and enable such persons to return, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every debtor and debtors, who was or were actually beyond the seas, in foreign pans, on the

Jan. v778, tenth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy e^ght,

iu< rendering nd did not go into such foreign parts with the view or intent to them ft Ives, gain or have the benefit of an insolvent debtor's act, who (ham

benefit of this teturn an surrender himself of rhemselyes, within fourteen days next immediately after his or their landing m England unto thfc

gaoler

Debtors who were beyond the season

ac!

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52*. <95

gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of the prisons of the King's Bench, Matjbalfca, or Fleets of to the gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of the prison or prisons of such county, city, town, riding, division, liberty, or place, where such debtor or debtors last dwelled, for the space of six months, (which said gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers, is and are hereby required and empowered to receive and detain such debtor or debtors, surrendering as aforesaid, in order to their discharge, as herein after mentioned), and who, from and immediately after such surrender, do continue in actual custody of such gaoler and gaolers, keeper or keepers, until the time of his'discharge, shall be deemed a prisoner or prisoners within, and be, to all intents and purposes, entitled to, the benefit of this act; and shall, upon due proof of the said premises, by the oath of such debtor or debtors (not disproved by any credible witness), bedischarged in the same manner as if he, (lie, or they, had been actually in prison on the said twenty-eighth day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and continued therein.as aforesaid; nevertheless to the same restrifhons and provisions, upon the same and a compliance with the like terms, conditions, and qualifr terras as other cations, herein before imposed upon the said prisoners actually prisneri* in custody upon the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and also subject to the terms and provisions relating to the estate and effects of such prisoner, as aforesaid; only such particulars thereof except in cers require the name of a prisoner to be inserted in the gaoler's tain particu or keeper's list, as aforesaid, as relate to the oaths of such gaoler ar or keeper herein before appointed to be taken; which particulars cannot podibly be applied to the case of persons surrendering themselves as aforesaid; and also except the said oath hereinbefore appointed to be taken by prisoners in custody upon the said twenty-eighth dav of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, instead whereof, the person or persons so surrendering shall take an oath, in open court, at some general or quarter section of the peace, or some adjournment thereof, of the county, city, town, riding, division, place, or liberty, in the prison of which any such fugitive or debtor shall be held, after the surrender of any such fugitive or debtor, to the effect following; which the said justices, authorised to put this at in execution, are hereby required and empowered to administer in such manner as the Oaths herein before mentioned are to be administered.

I A.B. upon my corporal oath, bi the presence of Almighty God, so- Fugitive!

lemnly wear, protest, and declare, That I was actually on the oath. tenth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, beyond the fcas in foreign parts, videlicet, at and that I did, within fourteen days next immediately after my land ingy surrender myself to the custody of the keeper cf '

[as the case mhy be; that I have ever ftme such ft) fiiyttnitr continued'ti'prisoner in, his custody\^andtkit*the

schedule

6 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. [1778.

schedule now delivered, and by me subscribei, doth contain, to the best of my knowledge, remembrance, end belief \ a full, just, true, and perfect account and discovery, of all the real estate, effects, and

other personal estate, in any wise belonging to me; and also all of such debts as are to me owing, or to any pet sin or persons in trufl for me? and of all the securities and contracts whereby any money now is, or wilt or may hereafter become payable, or whereby or where from any benefit or advantage may accrue to me, or to my use, or to any other person or persons in trufl for me; add the names and pines of abode of the several persons from whom such debts are due and owing; and of the witnesses that can prove such debts or contracts, [if any such there. be]; and that neither I, nor any persons in trust for me, is or art seized of any real estate, in possession, reversion, or remainder, or expectancy, or of any personal ejlale of any kind whatsoever, other than what are in the said schedule contained; except my wearing apparel and bedding for myself dnd family, my working tools, and necessary implements for my occupation and calling, together with a [urn of money not exceeding forty shillings, and not exceeding in the whole the value of twenty pounds j and that I have not, directly or indirectly, sold tiffined, or otherwise conveyed, disposed of in trust, or concealed, all or any part of my real estate, money, goods, chattels, flocks, debts, securities, contracts, or personal estate whatsoever, whereby to secure the same, so as to receive or expect any profit or advantage therefrom to myself or family, or with any view, intent, or design, to defraud or deceive any creditor or creditors, to whom I am indebted in any wise howsoever, or prevent their recovering or attaining their tefpeclivd debts.

So help me GOD.

Fugitive ar

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any fu retted, intend gjtive intending to surrender to the terms of this act, shall def Entitled" " w^l*n the space before mentioned of fourteen days, be arrested to the benefit n any suit or action, which cause of action accrued before the of this act. said tenth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seven ty eight, such fugitive giving notice (as before directed) to any justice of the peace at the next general quarter session or general session; and, in all other respects, complying with the terms and conditions of this act,shall be entitled to the benefit of the same;

and every sheriff, bailiff, or officer, gaoler, or keeper of a prison in whose custody such fugitive shall be detained, shall Conform him or themselves to the directions of this act, id like manner as before mentioned.

XXIX. And whereas a great number of commission and warrant officers, in his Majesty's fia and land fervke, who, through unavoidable misfortunes, have involved themselves in debt, are now unable, though willing, to serve their king and country, because, to avoid the disgrace andfbame of a prifin, they have taken Jfbelter in privileged places, and cannot come forth without danger of being immediately arrested, or have been thrown into prifin, without hopes of being rtleafea by any discharge of their debts, and are therefore become useless and a heavy burthent wflead of being firviceable to thejlatez and whereas many

of

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52.

of them art not under that description of these perfom who can take benefit by the provisions of this act, without some extenfeon thereof yet are very proper objects of such relief as is hereby intended to be given; be it therefore enacted, That all and every commission or warrant officer or officers, in his majesty's fca or land service, now upon the full or half-pay list, who shall, on or before the twenty sixth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, surrender himself or themselves to the gaoler or keeper of any of his majesty's prisons, in such manner as is herein directed for fugitive debtors returning from foreign parts, who mean to claim the benefit of this act, and who shall, subsequent thereto, conform themselves in all respects to the like terms and conditions prescribed to such fugitive debtors, (except as to so much of the oath required to be taken by them, as declares that such debtors were in foreign parts on a certain day, and did surrender within fourteen days after their return;)instead whereof, every such debtor shall swear, that he did, on or before the twenty sixth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, [as the case may r], surrender himself to the cqstody of the gaoler or keeper of [insert the name

of the prison]y and who shall, in all other respects, take the mine oath as every such fugitive debtor is required to do, shall be deemed and taken to be a prisoner or prisoners within the true meaning of this act and be entitled to the benefits thereof, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XXX. And whereas diverse persons are under a necessity of residing abroad, to avoid being thrown into goal on account of annuities by them granted as a means of raising money either to themselves, or others for whom they have become surety and such persons cannot have the benefit of a discharge by virtue of this act, in respect of the accruing payments of such annuities subsequent to the twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person or persons who was or were actually beyond the seas in foreign parts to avoid being thrown into gaol on account of debts so contracted on or before the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and who shall surrender himself or themselves to the gaoler or keeper of any of his majesty's prisons, in such manner as is herein directed for fugitive debtors returning from foreign parts who mean to claim the benefit of this act, and who stall, subsequent thereto, conform themselves in all respects to the like terms and conditions prescribed to such fugitive debtors, stall, notwithstanding the penal sum contained in any bond, judgement, or other assurance, whereby such annuity may have been secured, Should be larger than the sum limited by this act, be entitled to the benefits of this act to all intents and purposes; and such person or persons, so conforming, shall not afterwards be arrested, or held to bail, or liable to imprisonment, on account of the accruing payment of any annuity thentofore granted or secured, or in respect of any bond, judgement, or othdr Vol. XXXII H assurance,

97

Any comimf iion or warrant officer, 'who shall surrender himself as is herein directed for fugitive debtors, before June 26, 177s, fli.itj be inri tled to the benefit of this act.

Persons beyond the seas on account of annuities granredbefore jans, 17^8, who shall surrender themselves as fugitive debtors, etc. shall be entitled to the benefit of this, ait.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. [1778.

sflutsmce, made, entered into, or obtained for securing the payment of any such annuity.

Exception

XXXI. Provided always, That no person shall be entitled to be discharged from his imprisonment, under the provisions of this act, where the annuity secured to any one creditor shall exceed the sum of one thousand pounds unless by the content of torch creditor.

Funnre estates

XXXII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall r/to^a extend to exempt or discharge the future estate or effects, real ble to pay*personal, of any such debtor or debtors, as are last herein ment of an before mentioned, from being liable to the payment of torch annuities. nuity debts as aforesaid.

Gaoler, or

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore printer of the said, That if any gaoler or keeper of any prison, or his deputy Gazette, etc. or deputies, shall, without just cause, to be approved of by rho wh trug ju^'ces at ^ome g^eral quarter session or general (eflion of the lations of tm* peace, or adjournment thereof, within their respective juris a. to forfeit didions, refuse or delay to bring any torch prisoner or prisonera ick>1. for each a aforesaid, to any torch general quarter section, or general fef ti*wecottslh or frac adjournment thereof, in order to hisorherdif

charge, or shall neglect, refuse, or designedly omit to insert, in any such list, the name or names of any torch prisoner or prisoners who was or were actually in custody in his of their respective gaol or prison, on the said twenty-eighth day of Jannory^ one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, or tonce; or shall neglect or refuse to make out, fix up, or deliver such lists as aforesaid; if any torch gaoler or koeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall neglect or refuse to take any of the said oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him; or (lull, upon any account or pretence whatsoever, take or receive more than the said town of one shilling hefein before allowed for his or her attendance in order to be discharged of such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid; shall detain any such prisoner after he or (be shall be discharged as aforesaid; or if the printerof the London Gazette, or other newspaper as aforesaid, shall wilfully refuse or neglect to insert therein the notice by this act dhreded to be given, on reasonable request to him made for that purpose, and tender of the money hereby directed to be paid; or shall take or receive any fee or gratuity more than twopence as aforesaid for doing thereof; every such gaoler and keeper of such prison or persons, his deputy or deputies, and every torch printer as aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit and pay to each prisoner, in any such case injured, the sum of one hundred pounds; which shall and may be recovered, with treble costs of tolit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts of record at Westminster, wherein no eflom, protedkm, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

Gaoler con

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforeufe<tof*fe^ That if any torch gaoler or gaolers, or keeper or keepers, 5001, with full or any deputed gaoler or keeper, of any prison, shall, in uking coils, etc of the aforementioned paths, for/wear or perjure himself, and

99

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52.

shall thereof be lawfully convicted, such gaoler or kfrper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of such' prison or prisons, (over and above such penalties as may be inflrdted on persons convicted of perjury), shall, upon every such conviction, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds; to be recovered with full cods, 'by bill, plaint, or information, or action of debt, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, shall be allowed, by and in the name of such person or persons, his and their executors and administrators, to whom any assignment or conveyance, in pursuance of this act, shall be made, of the estate and effects of such prisoner or pri (oners; and if no such assignee or assignees shall be living, then in the name or names of any other creditor or creditors who shall sue for the said penalties \ to be applied, Ohe moiety Applicatjonof

to the informer or informers, and the other moiety towards fa e pciu ty* tisfaction of the debts of such his creditor or creditors.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any clerk of the refufwg peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting as*prisoner a8 clerk of the peace, shall delay or refute to give every or any such copy of his. prisoner so discharged as aforesaid, within fourteen days after his discharge, or her discharge, a copy of the order of his or her discharge, on the payment of two Shillings and sixpence; or shall take more or taking ex than the sum of two Shillings and sixpence for such copy; or (hah orbitant fccs* take more than one shilling for an assignment or conveyance of such prisoner's estate or effects; every such clerk of the peace, or al forfeit his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, wno shall so offend, and who shall be convicted at any p such general or quarter session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, of any such offence, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay to every such prisoner the sum of twenty pounds, as the justices of the peace, at any such general or quarter fdlion of the peace, dr adjournment thereof, shall order j and who are hereby empowered to cause the same to be levied by distress and file of the goods of any such clerk of the peace, 'or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, so offending.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore Prisoner. etc.

'said. That if any prisoner as aforesaid, or any other person or convicted of persons who shall take the benefit of this act, mall forswear and to

perjure himself, or themselves, in any oath to be taken under ohri^ny6.*this act, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he, she, or they, so offending, shall be adjudged guilty of felony,

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore Persons dif

said, That no person to be discharged by this act shall, at any jj*

tifne hereafter, be imprisoned by reason of any judgement or fable to im decree obtained for payment of money only, or for any debt, prisonmept bond, damages, cpntempts, costs, sum or Turns of money, con for dehtt, eic* traeked, incurred, occofioned, owing, or growing due, before the^"

said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred, 77*\"*and seventy eight; but that upon every aired upon every judgement, or such decree, or for such debts, damages, contempts,

Ha cgftsj

loo Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52: [1778.

cods, sum and Turns of money, it shall and may be lawful for any judge of the court where the process issued, or for any two justices of the peace, upon shewing the copy of the order of such prisoner's discharge or discharges, to release and discharge out of custody such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid; and shall, at the same time, order the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in such salt or suits, to pay such prisoner or prisoners the cods he, she, or they, shall have incurred on such occasion, or so much thereof as to such judge or justices shall seem just and reasonable; and every such judge is hereby empowered so to do on such prisoner's causing a common appearance to be entered for him in every such action and suit.

XXXVIII. And whereas, under former assis of this kindy doubts have arisen, what was to be done with such prisoners who applied at'any session to be discharged, who owed and (hod charged with debts,

as well previous as subsequent to the day limited by the respcfiive acts; to remedy which, be it therefore enacted by the authority afore fonerto be fcid' That no prisoner or prisoners shall be discharged of any discharged of debts subsequent to the twenty-eighth day of January, one thou debtt subse. sand seven hundred and seventy eight; and if it shall appear to quest thereto, the justices, in any session or adjournment, that any prisoner or prisoners, then applying to them to be discharged, shall stand charged as well with debts previous to as subsequent to the said twenty-eighth day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, that, in such cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the just; ces to discharge the person of such prisoner on account of all debts previous to the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eighr, and to remand him or her back to the custody of the keeper of the prison from whence he or she was brought, for all debts with which he or she (lands charged with in his custody, subsequent to the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight.

Justice, etc.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the at thority aforesaid, That if any aion of escape, or any suit or action, be brought tionvought against any justice or justices of the peace, sheriff, gaoler, qr against them, keeper of any prifoo, for performing their office, in puiyuance of this act, they mav plead the general issue, and give this act in and recover evidence; and if the plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his treble coftt. action, or verdict pass against him, or judgement upon demurrer, the defendant shall have treble costs.

Persons discharged may

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any feire facias, or action of debt, or upon judgement plead gene shall be brought against any prisoner, his or her heirs, executors, al adtonsor or administrators, upon any judgement, obtained against any judgements such prisoner or on any Statute or recognisance acknowledged Drought, by him or her, before the said twenty-eighth day of January, one against them thousand seven hundred and seventy eighl, with respect to pri 1771 etc. f0061"8 n a<^uai custody, or with respect to debtors beyond the*11* Teas as aforesaid, upon the said tenth day of Marcby one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, it shall be lawful for any u such

10*

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52.

such prisoner, his or her heirs, executors, or administrators, to plead generally that such prisoner was actually a prisoner in such prison at such a person's suit on the twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and teventy eight, or was or were beyond the leas in foreign parts on the tenth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight; and was or w, ere duly discharged according to tj^is aft, at the general quarter session or general session, or adjournment thereof, held at such time and place, for such county, riding, division, liberty, city, town, or place, (as his, her, or their case is,) without pleading any and mother matter specially; in case any other Tuit or action shall be uit, may commenced against him, her, or them, for any other debt, Turn ftb* or Turns of money, due before the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, or the execution, tenth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, to plead in discharge of his or her person from execution,

(over and above such matters as aforesaid)) such debt or '

Turn of money (as the case shall happen) was contracted or due before the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, or the tenth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, without pleading any other matter specially; where to the plaintiff shall or may plaintiff may reply generally, and deny the matters pleaded as aforesaid, or reply general? reply any other matter or thing which may shew the said defen ly>ctc* dant not to be entitled to the benefit of this act, or not duly discharged according to it, in the same manner as the plaintiff might have replied, in case the defendant had pleaded this act,

[Treble costs.]

and his discharge, by virtue of this act, specially; and if the butif nonsuit plaiptiffbe nonsuited, discontinue his action, or verdict pass fd uj0 against him, or judgement on demurrer, the defendant to have trc cco'

XLI. Provided always, That nothing in this act contain Atrornies or ed shall extend, or be construed to extend, to release or fervour n discharge any attorney at law, or solicitor, or any other perfop bezzrring moor persons acting, or pretending to act as such, with regard to jj^deci thebu any debt with which he or they shall stand charged for any mo nefit of this ney, or other effects, recovered and received by him or them, a. for the use of any person or persons, bodies corporate or politic, and by any attorney, solicitor, or other person or persons acting as such, embezzled, concealed, or converted, to his or their own use, or to release or discharge any servant or agent, or any per tonne or persons employed or entrusted as such, with regard to any debt or demand with which he, she, or they shall stand charged, for and on account of any money, goods, or other effects, received or possessed by him, her, or them, for the use, and on account of his, her, or their master or matters, or emptbyers, and by such servant or agent embezzled, Concealed, or converted to his, her, or their own use; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding,

XLII. And whereas many evxudifpoftd persons, to support their Persons who, profligate way of life, bav<y by various subtle stratagems, threats, apd

H 3 devices, L

iot Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. [1778.

obtained mo devices, fraudulently obtained 'diverse sums of money, goods, wares, excludeth merchandizes, ponds, bills of exchange, promissory notes, or other e benefitof this unties for money, to the great injury of industrious families, and to the manifest prejudice of trade and credit; be it enacted, That no prisoner, who knowingly and deugnedly, by false pretence or pretences, shall hate obtained from any person or persons, money, goods, wares, merchandizes, bonds, bills of exchange, promissory notes, or other securities for money, shall have or receive any benefit or discharge by or under this act; but the justices, at any general or quarter session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, before whom any such prisoners shall be brought, upon due proof of the matter, made to their satisfaction, shall remand such prisoner to the custody of the gaoler or keeper of the prison from whence he or she shall have been brought; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Any pcmh

XLIII. And whereas many debtors have, with a view to defraud tflbjncd anyr ^eir creditors, sold, transferred, conveyed, or assigned their estate and pirt of his*effects to same person or persons, subsequent to their being in custody of estate or tf law, or tmprisoned under Jonfe process for debt: and whereas fitch sale,

sets s, after be transfer, conveyance, or offignment, has been frequently made, to the v^fhdefign to infinite prejudice of the fair and hcnejl creditor, though sufficient proof defraud his tould not be obtained to convifl the party of a fraudulent design 5 be creditors, shall it enacted, That whenever it shall be proved by one or more Jose the benefit credible witness or witnessfes to the satisfaction of the court, to of this act which any prisoner shall be brought up, in order to obra n his or her discharge, that such prisoner has (bid, transferred, conveyed, or assigned, to any person or persons, all or any part of his estate or effects, subsequent to the time of his imprisonment, or of his being in custody of law, without just cause for so doing, to be allowed by the justices presiding in such court as aforesaid; such prisoner shall lose all the benefits and advantages that he might have otherwise claimed under the authority of this a, and shall not be tntitled to his or her discharge: and every such sale, transfer, conveyance, or assignment, is hereby declared to be null and void.

Gaoler to per

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, in11 hi private That every g*k* or keeper of any prison shall, and is hereby to^prisoners, 'required to suffer, in the daytime, any person or persons defir whose names ing the same, to see and speak, in the lodge, or same convenient in[cr^d in room in the said prison, with any prisoner or prisoners, whose k. 1. names are inserted in the aforementioned list or lists, or London

Gassette, or other newspapert, or any of them, or any persons surrendering themselves pursuant to this al 5 and also fee, in the true^and genuine books of the said prison, the entries made of the name or names of such prisoner or prisoners, together with the name or names of the person or persons at whose suitor fuks he, she, or they, are detained: and if any such gaoler or keeper shall neglect or refuse to comply wkh what is here above required, every such gaoler or keeper, who shall so offend in the premises, shall forfeit and pay, to the person so refafed and aggrieved,

the

the list, or gazette, etc.

and the examining original books of entries, etc.

on penalty of 4.0l. with costs

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. 103

the sum of forty pounds; to be recovered, with costs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts at Pt'estminster, wherein no essoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed, by and in the name - or names of the person or ersons so refused and aggrieved.

XL V And whereas severalpersonj, who have taken the benefit of Prisoners fu as of insolvency, from a difficulty of obtaining a new credit to Jet tureestatest themselves up in their tjfual trades and occupations, [as their future Refunds m effects have, been made Habit to their debts previous thereto) have gone notwithstand abroad for the better maintenance of them [elves and families, carrying ing their ptr the arts and manufactures of this country to our enemies, or rivals in liable trade: in order to prevent such evsl for the future, be it enacted, to creditors*That the future real estates, as well freehold and copyhold, as customary copyhold, 'salaries of offices under government money, or money in the funds, or lent upon real security only, of every such person or persons, prisoner or prisoners, fugitive or fugitives, which, after the time of his, her, or their total forrcnder of his, her, or their estates and effects, under such acts, he, she, or they, shall or may be seized of, in his, her, or their own right or use, by grant, demise, or purchase, shall remain and be liable to his, her, and their respective creditors, as before the making of this act; and any creditor or creditors of any such prisoner or prison who may foe ers, fugitive or fugitives, may, at any time hereasier, sue out c*ccuti2{ execution, extents, or other process, against such real estate or money in the funds as aforesaid, of such person or persons, on or personal any judgement at the time of such discharge recovered, or fta cffe&s, * tute staple, or recognisance acknowledged by, or decree obtained against any such prisoner or fugitive, but not against his, her, or their person, or his, her, or their personal estate or effects, except money in the funds obtained or accrued since such time of such discharge, other than as aforesaid.

XLVI. And be it also enacted, That any creditor or credi Creditorsmay tors of any prisoner or prisoners, fugitive or fugitives, who shall foe fr hebe discharged under this act, may, at any rhyme after any such discharge, commence and prosecute any action or suit against any tlfc time of fgch prisoner or fugitive, his, her, or their respective heirs, exe prisoner'* dif cutors, or administrators, for the recovery of any fam or fonts of charge, money which shall be due from any such prisoner or prisoners, fugitive or fugitives, at the time of his or their said discharge, but shall not hold the person of any such prisoner or fugitive to but not bold special bail; nor shall take the person, or personal estate and ef j.he prj*?n?to feds, other than as aforesaid, of any such prisoner or fugitive, in pc, a ba "* execution, 'by any judgement, sentence, or decree, which shall nor take his have been, or hereafter may be recovered" or obtained against any ^rion, etc, prisoner or fugitive; and any judge of the court, out of men?recover which such execution shall issue, shall have power to discharge ed against him the same by virtue of this act: and in any action or suit, which shaft be hereafter commenced against any such prisoner or fugi to^taken of tive, his. or her heirs, executors, or administrators, no benefit or thecauteof advantage (hah be had or taken, for that the cause of action didst*n not a, not accrue within three years next before the commencing of any

h4 such3ye"*etc*

A

Exception.

Discharge of prisoner no acquittal to his partner or furctief.

Gaoler making false entries in prison book or list, jo forfeit cool with treble pods.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. [1778.

such action or suit; nor shall any Statute or limitation be pleadable, or be allowed to be pleaded in bar of or in any such action or suit; which shall be hereafter commenced by any such creditor or creditors against any such prisoner or prisoners, unless such cause of action or suit did not accrue within three years next before any such prisoner or fugitive shall be discharged under this act; and, in any such case, the same may be pleaded by any such prisoner, his or her heirs, executors, or administrators.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it likewise enacted, That by the discharge of any prisoner or fugitive by force of this act, no other person or persons who was or were partner or partners in trade with any such prisoner or fugitive, at the time of his or her discharge under this actor then flood bound, engaged with, or liable to, the payment of any debt with any such prisoner or fugitive, or engaged in any contract together with any such prisoner or fngitive, shall be discharged from any such debt or demand; but every such other person and persons shall severally (land and be chargeable with, and liable to pay, such debt and debts, and to perform suchcontradis, in like manner as if any such prisoner or fugitive had never been discharged from the same.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any gaoler or keeper, or reputed gaoler or keeper, of any prison or prisons, shall make, or cause to be made, any false entries in any book or books belonging to any prison or gaol under his care, or of*which he is or was gaoler, or shall prepare or keep, or cause to be. prepared or kept, any false book or books, in order for any false or untrue entry or entries to be made therein; or shall insert in any list, to be delivered in as aforesaid, the name or names of any person or persons who was not a prisoner or prisoners in actual custody in any such gaol or prison upon the said twenty-eighth day or January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy ?ight, or shall not have ever since remained in such actual cu

frifoner* re iufing tode clare the abode, etc. of the person at Whose (uit he U detained,

stody (except as in the oath of any such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall be excepted,) every such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall, over and above the penalties which he shall be liable to for every such fraud, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds 1 to be recovered, with treble costs of suit, by and in the name, and for the use, of any person or persons who shall be prejudiced by any entry, or such false entries; which penalties shall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, or Wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any prisorter, being the reunto required by any creditor, shall refuse to discover and declare the trade or occupation, and habitation, or last place of abode, of the person or persons at whose suit he or she is detained or charged in custody; being called for and desired, by any creditor or creditors, to come to the lodge of the prison in which any such prisoner shall be confined, without some reasonable capfc being mad? appear to tfye contrary $ every such prir

177^-3 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52.

105

Toner, upon proof being made thereof before the justices at any to be excluded general or quarter session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, to be held as aforesaid, shall not have or receive any benefit or 0118 a discharge by or under this act; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

L And whir eat thire is but one common or county gaol for each of Justices may the respiclive counties of York, Lincoln, Lancaster, and Durham, ffcmble ator which said counties art each of them divided into several ridings or divisions, all which have several commissions of the peace \ and if the ani boil. of those gaols be obliged to carry the debtor s, prisoners therein, session there to the quarter session of each riding or division, same will be a very for discharge great charge, not only to such gaolers, but also to the prisoners in those * prisoners. large counties; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for two or more justices of the peace for any of the ridings or divisions in the respective counties,

(or any othercounty or counties where die prisons are atadiftanee from the place where the sessions are held,) at the common or county gaol thereof respectively, or at some convenient place near thereto, and they are hereby required to assemble and meet, and to hold session, there, by adjournment from their respective quarter session, from time to time, for the discharge of the respective prisoners therein, according to the powers, limitations, and directions of this act,

LI. And whereas the division or difiricl of Holland in the said The county Lincoln, is dislant near forty miles from the said county of^houamdhi gaol, and it is highly inconvenient and expenftye for the justices of the Lin coin Shire, peace acting for the said division, to be obliged to travel to the said may adjourn gaol, for the sole purpose of discharging the prisoners under the to the county powers by this act given; be it therefore enacted, Thar, for the ifbh*sn!rf several purposes aforesaid, the justices for the said division or prisoners?* distria of Holland, may adjourn their original sessions to the county gaol, or some place near thereunto; and that it may and shall be lawful for any two justices of the peace, aaing either for the parls of Lindsey, Kesteven, or Holland, to hold such adjourned lesions (or the sole purpose of discharging such prisoners; notice of the adjournment of such original session being given by the clerk of sessions to such justices, and who shall attend there to register the proceedings of the said court, so far as the same relate to or affca the discharge of any prisoner detained for debt in the division of Holland, and claiming the benefit of this act.

LII. And whereas the next general quarter sessions of the peace for Justices for the the county of Surrey, which shall happen after the passing of this a CL Surra may pray be in the country, and upwards of twenty miles from any of the assemble at the said prisons be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, townhall of That it shall and may be lawful for such justices as shall be af sut.b, fjr^ sembled at the general quarter session of the peace to be held for the county of Surrey, next after the passing of this act, and they are hereby required forthwith to adjourn the said session to the townhall in the borough of Southwark, for the purpose of ?dministering the oaths required to be taken and subscribed by thi&aa, by the several gaolers within the said county wherein ny prisoner or prisoners arc confined, an 19 rb '*

io

Justices of London, Middlesex, and Surrey to assemble their respective courts for ad mi differing oaths, etc.

and to give 30 days notice of sitting to di (charge prisoners.

Prisoners who are kept in custody for payment of fees, etc. to be discharged'

This at not to extend to debtors to the crown

nor to prisoners who owe more than 1000l. to one person, unlefr tiich creditor consent 1

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52.

[177?.

such respective prisoner or prisoners confined therein, according to the powers, limitations, and directions of this act.

LIII ad whereas the next general quarter Jejfonof the peace far the city of London, and general quarter sessions for the counties of Middlesex and Surrey, will not ke held until the middle of July, which will he the means of detaining in priftn a number of persons whoy with their families, are in the grestejl dtstress; be ft enabled by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any two or more of the justices of the peace for the city of London and the counties of Surrey and Middlesex> to assemble their respective courts as soon as may be after passing this act, for the purpose of administering the oaths, and other the matters required by this act, and to appoint such day or days for the discharge of prisoners as they (hid! see proper; and every person or persons so cleared at such meeting as aforesaid, shall receive all the benefits accruing to him by this act, in the same manner as if such business had been done av any general quarter session, or general session of the peace, or adjournment thereof \ anything in this act to the contrary notwithstanding; and such justices are hereby required to cause to be inserted in the London Gazette, notice of the day or days on which they will lit, for the discharge of such prisoners and other the purposes di reded by this act, (which notice shall be inferred in the London Gazette thirty days previous so such time.)

LIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all debtors and others, who were in prison on or before the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, cr since, in any of the gaols of this kingdom, and now remain there for not paying their sees, rents, or Other demands due, or claimed as due, to the keeper or gaoler of any prison respectively, or to any other officer of such prison, and upon no other acqount, shall be discharged therefrom, he, she, or they, taking the oath by this act required to be taken by prisoners.

LV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall not extend, or be confirucd to extend, to discharge any person out of prison, (Seeking his or her discharge under this act, with respect to any debt or penalty with which he or she shall stand charged at the suit of the crown, or at the suit of any sheriff or other pubkek officer, upon any bail bond entered into for the appearance of any person prosecuted for any offence committed against any act or acts of parliament relative to his majesty's revenues of customs, excise, or (alt duties, or either of them.

LVI. Provided also, Thar this act shall not extend to discharge any person out of prison, seeking his Or her discharge under this act, who shall be charged in eviffody by anybody politic or corporate, or by any one person, on or before the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, in any turn exceeding tlte fowi of one thousand pounds, betides interest and costs, and whose discharge shall be in court

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 51. 107

opposed by such body politic or corporate, or one person;

(except such person or persons who shall hive been bound in Exception, security for any other person or persons to a larger amount, and it shall appear, to the satisfaction of the court, that such person or persons so bound, or giving, or joining in, such security, hath or have not received, or applied to his, her, or their own proper and separate use or benefit, any part of the sum or sums of money so due and owing as aforesaid j and also except such person or persons who nt>w is or are, and was or were, prisoner or prisoners in the actual custody of any gaoler or kcepei of any prison in this kingdom respectively, at the time of passing the late ak for relief of insolvent debtors, and who was or were deprived taking or receiving the benefit of the said act, arising from their debt or debts to any one creditor exceeding the sum of one thousand pounds as aforesaid; 'provided such debt or debts due to any one creditor do not exceed the sum of one thousand five hundred pounds, besides interest and costs)) if any such Creditors of body politic or corporate, creditor or creditors, to whom a sum posing pnfon exceeding one thousand pounds shall be owing, shall oppose the^uow hii* discharge of such prisoner, (except as aforesaid)) shall iofift j8. 66. per that such prisoner be continued in gaol; that then, and in such week case, such body politic or corporate, or creditor or creditors, opposing the said prisoner's discharge as aforesaid, shall, at his, her, or their proper cods and charges, allow and pay, in the whole, such a weekly maintenance to the said prisoner, not exceeding four Shillings, nor less than three Shillings and (iypence per week, in such manner as the said justices, in their general quarter session, or adjournment thereof, shall order; and, upon and on non. nonpayment of the same for the space of fourteen days, the said paym^t for prisoner, upon application to the said jutyices in there general or weeks, quarter session, held as aforesaid, shall be discharged, pursuant to Sifcharged. the intent and meaning of this at.

LVII. And whereas under fotmer atis, rreditors bdve bun put determina to gnat expends and trouble in at finding every session and adjourn ment, during the whole continuance of the ai to oppose though discharge rcf^ of prisoners clearly excluded from any benefit under the send respoctive to the reten acts, hut who after having been before one session heard, and refused tien of any a discharge, to hart ofs their creditors, confiantly gavefrtfb notices for Prisoncri each subsequent session and adjournment of their intended application to be discharged; to remedy which, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases whatever, the determination of the justices in session or adjournment shall be final to all intents and purposes., unless the prisoner (half, during the conti unlessthepri nuance of this at, get rid of the objection or objections for fonerget rid which they refused his discharge; and, that the same may be of theobjec. clear and certain, the justices are hereby required to state the objections why such prisoner's discharge is refuted by them; and, hit discharge. in all cases whatever, it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices, at any subsequent session or adjournment, upon applica pro^y^o tien from the prisoner, upon due proof on oath made to them, witnesses of by tw^prmore credible witnesses, (which oath |hcy ate hereby objectiom be

jm* wgtemovtd#

etc. may discharge such prisoner.

108 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 51. [1778.

empowered to administer,) of each objedson or objections being removed, and on proof of notice served, at least ten days pre*to such application, on the creditor or creditors who before opposed his discharge, and of notice likewise inserted in the Gazeitey in manner before directed by this act, to order such prisoner'to be brought before them, and, if they shall then be of opinion the said prisoner is entitled to the benefit of this act, to order him to be discharged, he taking the oath, and in all other respects conforming to the directions of this act.

LVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That when any creditor mall intend to oppose the discharge of any debtor with whose debt he is charged in custody, at the first quarter sessions of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, he is hereby required to give four days notice of his intention to oppose such discharge to the prisoner, or to leave such nptice in writing with the keeper or gaoler of such prison, in order that such prisoner may be prepared to make his defences and in case no such notice shall be given as aforesaid, previous to such quarter sessionsror such adjournment thereof, and such creditor shall appear to oppose his discharge, and it shall happen that the prisoner is remanded, then such creditor shallway to such debtor the expenses of his application 2nd attendance, in any sum not exceeding ten pounds, as the justices at such sessions shall direct and allow.

LIX. Provided always, That every fugitive or fugitives, in titled, or to be intituled, to the benefit of this act, shall obtain their respective discharges on or before the first day of October % one thousand seven hundred and eighty, or shall be excluded from all benefit of this act.

LX. And whereas it may happen that several persons, who may claim and be entitled to the benefit of this a fly are seized of an estate tally in some freehold or copyhold lands, tenementj, qr. hereditaments, which entaily with the ren*ainders thereupon expectanty they havey by lawy power to defeat and bar either by levying asine or fines, suffering a common recovery or common recoveries, or by surrender or surrenders thereof, whereby such person or persons said freehold or copyhold lands, tenements, or hereditaments, would be liable to the payment of their debts, and be delivered up according to the terms of this act, for the benefit of their creditors \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in every such case, such person or persons so seized as aforesaid, and who shall be entitled to, and claim the benefit of this act, shall, to all intents and purposes whatsoever in law, be deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared to be seized of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in fee: provided the same shall be delivered up to the creditor or creditors of every such prisoner, in the same manner as if such person or persons had actually levied a fine, suffered a common recovery or recoveries, or made a surrender or surrenders thereof, and thereby had become seized in see 5 any law, or construction of law, to the contrary thereof, in anywise notwithstanding. Assignefstnay

LXL. And whereas many persons who may take the benefit of this apply for surat

Creditor intending to oppose the discharge of a prisoner, to

ive him four ay notice thereof.

or pay the expenses of his application, etc.

No fugitive to obtain a discharge after O t. 1, 1780.

Persons seized of an estate tail claiming the benefit of this act, are to deliver up the jfame to creditors.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. 109

have been gr/at dealers, or otherwise engaged in large transac there examina tiens, whereby they may be entitled to sundry and great debts and touch

demands, of various and intricate natures, and they may be entitled to thee dlfcoj

equities of redemption of efiaies, subject and liable to mortgages, judge very of their ments, and other encumbrances, or to reversions, remaindersy!or other efsetts,contingent estates in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or to other trusts or interefis in efiaies, both real and personal, which may not be Juffiiiently described or discovered in the schedule, or inventory, before directed to be delivered in, upon oath, as aforesaid, or which may want his aid or affifiance to adjust, make out, recover, or manage, for the benefit of the creditors: be it therefore enacted by the autho V

rhy aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective assignees of the estate and effects of such prisoner or prisoners who shall obtain his, her, or their discharge, in pursuance of this at, or another person or persons duly authored by them for that purpose, from time to time, to apply to any two or more of the justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, where such person or persons shall be then redding, thereby desiring that such person or persons may be further examined as to any matters or things relating to his, her, or their estate or effects; whereupon and justice such justices shall send for, or call before them, such person or mav (end for persons, by such warrant, summons, way, or means, as they exanu"|c shall think fit; and, upon such person's appearing, shall examine ingty.acc him, her, or them, as well upon oath as otherwise, as to such matters and things, as such assignee shall desire, relating to the estate and effects of such person or persons; and if any person or persons (on payment, or tender of payment, of such reasonable Person refu charges as such justices shall judge sufficient) shall neglect or ^pp'ar* refute to come and appear, not having a lawful excuse, to be onoathfmay made known to such justices, and by them allowed, or, being be committed, come before them, shall refuse to be sworn, or to answer to all such questions as by such justices shall be put to him, her, or thebi, relating to the discovery of his, her, or their estate or effects, so vested, or intended to be vested, in such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, or in such assignpes as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for such justices, by warrant under their hands and seals, to apprehend such person or persons so offending as aforesaid, and him, her, or them, to commit to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, until such time as he, she, or they, shall submit him, her, or themselves, to such justices, and answer upon oath to all such lawful questions as shall, by such justices, be put to him, her, or them, for the purposes aforesaid. percent.

LXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Silvering That all and every such person and persons, who shall, within within twelve twelve months after the discharge or such prisoner or prisoners, month, any voluntarily come in and make a discovery of any part of such Part f a pri debtor or debtors real or personal estate, as shall not be com not coin rifed prised in fitch schedule as aforesaid, before any justices aforesaid, sche

1. shall dule.

i to Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. [1778.

difojiarge obtained fraudii' kmly, void.

Persons concealing any citate or effects of the prisoner, forfeit 100i and double value, with treble costs of luit.

shall be allowed after the rate of twenty pounds per tentum, out of the net produce of such debtor or debtors' estate which shall be recovered on such discovery, and which shall be paid to such person or persons so discovering the same, by the assignee or af  lignecs of such prisoner's estate and effects.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, that'notwith standng the discharge of any prisoner or prisoners by virtue of this a, if it shall hereafter appear the same was obtained fraudulently, or that any part of the oath taken by any such prisoner was not true; then, and in every such case, every such discharge shall be void, and of none effedh

LXIV And, for the bettir discovery of the estate and effects of any prisoner who shall be discharged by virtue of this act* be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons who shall have accepted of any trust or trusts, and shall wilfqlly conceal or protect any estate, real or personal, of any such prisoner, from his creditors, and shall not within thirty days after any assignee or assignees shall, in pursuance of this abe chose of any such prisoner's estate, discover and disclose to such assignee or assignees such trust and estate, in writing, and deliver up or make over the same to such assignee or assignees, he, she, or they, lo offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and also double the value of the estate, either real or personal, so concealed, to and for the life of the creditors of any such prisoner, be recovered by action of debt, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, in the name or names of the assignee or assignees of such prisoner's estate, together with treble costs of suit.

Assignres, content of tue majority in vnlue of the creditors, may compound for debts due to the prisoner estate i

and may submit any dif

suit relating hereto to arbitration }

LXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful, at ail times hereafter, for any assignee or assignees of the estate or effects of any prisoner or prisoners, who shall be chose in pursuance of this at, by and with the consent of the major part in value of such prisoner or prisoners' creditors, who shall be present at a meeting, to be held on twenty-one days public notice being previously given, for the purpose hereafter mentioned, in the London Gazette if the prisoner was incustody in London, or within the weekly bills of mortality, and if not, then also in same newspaper which shall be published in the county, city, or place, in or near which any such person shall have been in gaol, to make composition with any person or persons, debtors, or accountants, to such prisoner or prisoners, where the same shall appear necessary or reasonable; and to take such reasonable part of any such debt as can, upon such com po sit ion, be gotten in soil discharge of such debts and accounts, and also to submit any difference or dispute between such atfl gnee or assignees, and any person or persons, for or on account, or by reason or means of any matter, cause, or thing relating to such prisoner or prisoners' estate and effic&s, or to any debt or debts due, or claimed to be due, to or from such prisoner or prisoners, to the final end and determination of arbitrators, to be Ghofen by the stud assignee or assignees, and the major pert in

value

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. 111

value of such creditors, and the party or parties with whom they shall have m difference 5 and to perform the award of such arbitrators, or of any umpire to be chosen by them, or otherwise jro settle and agree the matters in difference or dispute between them, in such manner as the said assignee orassignees, with such consent as aforesaid, shall think fit and can agree; and the same shall be binding to all the creditors of such prisoner or prisoners and every such assignee or assignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they (half fairly do in the premises, in pursuance of this act.

LXVI. And whereas frovision ought to be made as to what Should If assignee become of tlx estate and effcqs of any prisoner or prisoners, fugitive uhc

or fugitives, not got in, obtained, or recovered, by any assignee or af 1, signees chose pursuant to the directions of the several acts, at the time g0t in, and of his or their death or deaths, and whose heir or heirs, executors, their heiri, administrators, and ofsigns, rcfifed to act or meddle therein; to ej* refuse te remedy which, be it enacted, That in all such cases, it shall and

may be lawful to and for the creditors of every such prisoner or appointed prisoners, fugitive or fugitives, to chufc a new assignee or assignees in manner and form as herein before is directed, and to and creditors obtain a new alignment from the clerk of the peace, or his de to obtain a puty, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, j^tvom the pursuant to the order of the justices, and which said order the clerk of tfte said justices are hereby required and unpowered to direct, (on peace, which due proof on oath being made to them of the death of such for thea mer assignee or assignees, and refusal of his or their heirs, execu are to tors, administrators, or assigns, to a d or meddle therein); and Clerk of the the said derk of the peace, or his deputy, tovyn clerk, or other p*ce tobey officer acting as derk of the peace, are hereby empowered to fnoassign*obey the same, and execute such assignment accordingly, in ment had bees manner and form as if no former assignment had ever been made, made; the said assignee or assignees, clerk of the peace, or his deputy, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, hereby conforming to all orders and dirodions made by this act relative to them, or any of them; and to be liable to all such pains and penalties as are inflicted on them, or any of them, by virtue of this act, for disobedience in any part thereof, or neglect of duty whatever 5 and m case any such assignee or assignees shall die, and his heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, shall refixfe to ad, that then, and in such case, it shall be lawful for such justices of the peace to appoint a new assignee or ash|neesv with the like powers and authorities as are given by this act; and the said justices shall have power, in a summary way, to oblige the heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, of such assignee or assignees, to account apd deliver up all such estate and eflfeds as shall remain in his or their hands, to be applied for the purposes of this act.

LXVII. And to the intent and purpose that the tfiate and effects Assignees of such prisoner or prtfontrs as shall be discharged by virtue of this Sp ad may be duly and faithfully applied for the benefit of his, her, or Efficiency, their real creditors) be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That fraud, mif*

it

management, or other mif bchaviourj

the court thereupon is to futnenon

think, fit

in Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. [1778.

it shall and may be lawful to ani for the respective courts at Westminster^ and the courts of great sessions in Waks^ and the principality of Chester % and the counties palatine of Lancaster and Durham, respectively, from whence any process issued upon which any such prisoner or prisoners was or were committed; or where the process issued out of any other court to and for the judges of the court of king's bench, common pleas, and exchequer, or of great sessions aforesaid, within their respective jurisdictions, or any one of them, from time to time, upon the petition of any such prisoner, or the creditor or creditors of such prisoner or prisoners, complaining of any insufficiency, fraud, mismanagement, or other misbehaviour of any assignee or assignees of the estate or effects of any such prisoner or prisoners, to summon all parties concerned, and, upon hearing the parties concerned therein, to make and give such orders and directions therein, either for the removal or displacing such assignee or af lord makeluch ^snees> ancj appointing any new assignee or assignees in the 01 tiers therein place or dead of such assignee or assignees so to be removed or as they shall displaced, or for the prudent, just, or equitable management or distribution of the estate and effects oany such prisoner for the benefit of the respective creditors, as the said courts or judges respectively shall think fit; and in case of the removal or displacing of any assignee or assignees, and the appointing of any new assignee or assignees, the estate or effects of such prisoner or prisoners shall, from thenceforth, be diverted out of the assignee or a, ffignees so removed or displaced, and be verted in, and delivered over to, such new assignee or assignees, in the same manner, and for the same intents and purposes, as the same were before vested in the assignee or assignees first chose as aforesaid; thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LX

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cales where mutual credit hath been given between any prisoner or prisoners. who shall be discharged in pursuance of this act, and any other person or persons, or body politic or corporate, before the delivery of such schedule or inventory of the estate and effects of such prisoner or prisoners, upon oath as aforesaid, the respective assignee and assignees of such prisoner or prisoners is and are hereby authorised and required, on his and their parts, to (late and allow an account between them and the other party or parties concerned; and nothing more shall be deemed to be veiled in such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adttng as clerk of the peace, or such assignee or assignees under such clerk of the peace, town t clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, as the estate or effects of such prisoner or prisoners, than what shall appear to he justly due to him, her, or them respectively, as and for the balance of such account, when truly dated.

Persons com

LXIX. And whereas many persons are often committed on attach mitted for not ments contempts, for not paying money awarded to be paid under a^rd^ectun^ submissions to arbitrators by rules of courts or under submissions to ar der submif titration bonds > and which submissions have been made rules of court,

in

Where mutual credit his been

fiven, the ahnee to he ft a ted and allowed.

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. 113

in pursuance of an at passed in the ninth and tenth years of the reign ons toaibi oj William the Third, for determining differences of arbitration; and trat, on*likewise for not paying of cojls duly and regularly taxed and allowed and for not by the proper officer, after proper demands made for that purpose \ p*y*ng cotti eiljo upon any writ of Excommunicato Capiendo* or other process etc'

Tor, or grounded on, the nonpayment of cojls or expenses in any cause or proceeding in any ecclestjlual court, or for any contempt to such court, it is hereby declared and enacted, That all such persons are entitled tc* arc and shall be entitled to the benefit of this act, on and subject th? benefit of to the same terms' and conditions as are herein expressed and lh, sa declared with respect to prisoners for debt only.

LXX. And whereas great numbers of people have been and are now imprisoned for debt, upon processes issuing out of courts of con jctence\ it is hereby enacted and declared, That all such prison pdfonersup ers shall be entitled to have the benefit of this act, and be dif of coumof  charged under the same, provided he, she, or they, conform to conscience. to the directions herein before prescribed, touching other prisoners have the bene who shall be discharged by virtue of this act. fit ot thw

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Quaker's af that in all cases wherein by this act an oath is required, the so, fii mation to letnn affirmation of any person, being a quaker, shall and may " m 1

be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every person make ta

ing such affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful and false affirming, shall incur and suffer such and the same penalties as are inflicted and imposed by this act upon persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury.

LXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Person who authority aforesaid, That no person who shall have taken the benefit cfany benefit of any ad heretofore passed for the relief of insolvent insolvent ad debtors, within the space of ten years lad pad, shall have or re within ten ceive any benefit or advantage of or under this act, nor be deem y, ca!,1ctx' ed to be within the intent and meaning thereof, so as to be dif lh "t3 iroin. charged under the same; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding; unless such person shall be will Exception, ing to Serve, and shall actually enter himself to Serve on board some one of his majesty's ships of war for the term of Seven years, or shall inlid as a Soldier in some of his majesty's land forces for the term of three years.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That when any prisoner, Prisoners who who may have taken the benefit of any insolvent ad within the rav^,ake? space of ten years lad pad, (half under this act apply for his discharge, every such prisoner shall produce to the court (to which ply for dif he shall make application for such discharge) a certificate in change under writing, signed by an officer properly authorised to engage or lhlsto enlid irien for his majesty's sea or land Service [as the case may sourttwi* bej, Setting forth that he was on the day of ficate, signed

[infers the date] engaged or inlided [as the by a proper case may be] to Serve as a mariner or soldier in his majesty's sea .ccr* r*f pr land Service for the term of which certificate are in

shall be atteded by one or more credible witness or witnesses; lifod ro Serve and in case such certificate shall not be produced, or shall not his Majesty Vol. XXXIII. be C

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. f 1778.

be properly authenticated in manner aforesaid, to the satisfaction of the justices before whom any such prisoner shall be brought he shall be remanded back to the prison from whence he came there to remain till he shall have fully complied with the directions aforesaid, or shall by other legal means sooner obtain his discharge.

LXXIV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

LXX V And whereas bankrupts who have net obtained their certificates and discharge of their debts, under [ome one of the acts relating to bankrupts, have not been deemed to be within the meaning of abts of insolvency, as such bankrupts have no schedules tq deliver up according to the terms and conditions of such aqs; never tkcless, as charge of their many bankrupts are confined in prison for debt only, though they have debt. already delivered up their whole efiates and effefls, or, from a fear of

being arrested and thrown into prison, are frequently induced to abscond from their homes, and go into foreign parts: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such person or persons against whom a commission of bankruptcy hath been awarded and issued on or before the twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, or who shall have been really an actual prisoner or prisoners, in the custody of any gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of any prison respectively, on or before the twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and against whom a commission of bankruptcy shall have since been awarded and issued, and who hath or have duly conformed, or shall duly conform, him, her, or themselves to the several acts of parliament relating to bankrupts, and hath not or have not been committed to any prison by a warrant of the of in such commission named, for contumacy or noncompliance to those laws, and who now is or are in prison for debt, damages, contempt, costs of fuir, or any sum or sums of money due and accrued previous to such commission, or who now arefecreting themselves in fear of their creditors; and shall be hereafter sued, arrested, or held to bailor shall surrender him, her, or themselves, or be surrendered, in discharge of his, her, or their bail, or taken in execution in any suit or action for any such debt or debts as aforesaid, shall and may apply to any one of the judges of the court wherein such process or processes hath or have issued, to summon his, her, or their plaintiff or plaintiffs, to shew cause/why such bankrupt or bankrupts (hold not be discharged from his, her, or their imprisonment, or arrest as aforesaid, such bankrupt or bankrupts first making oath before such judge, (or if at a distance from such judge, then before a justice of the peace), who is hereby author rifed to administer such oath, that such debt or debts did accrue

Previous to the issuing such commission; and such bankrupt or ankrupts making it appear to the satisfaction of such court or judge, that be or they nath or have made a full disclosure of his or their eftdte or effects, and delivered up the same; and such o - plaintiff

IH

This act not to extend to Scotland.

Clause of relief for bank rupts, who have not obtained certificates and dif

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. 115

plaintiff or plaintiffs not appearing, or not proving that such bankrupt or bankrupts hath or have concealed any part of his, her, or their estate or effefls; and such bankrupt or bankrupts making it appear that he or they hath or have duly conformed him, her, or themselves, to the laws now in force against bankrupts, such judge shall and may discharge such bankrupt or bankrupts from such imprisonment or arrest as aforesaid; unless it (hair appear that such commission was fraudulently obtained; such bankrupt or bankrupts causing a common appearance to be entered for him, her, or them, where necessary, in every such suit or action; if any such bankrupt or bankrupts shall be afterwards again sued and arrested, or taken in execution, or imprisoned, in any suit or action, for such debt or debts; previous to such commission aa fore fa id, any judge of the court wherein such process issued shall, upon summons of the proper party or parties, immediately discharge such bankrupt or bank rupts from such arrest or imprisonment; nevertheless such bankrupt or bankrupts shall, in all other respects, be deemed subject to the laws in force against bankrupts; and every sheriff and sheriffs, bailiff and officer, gaoler and keeper of a prison, is and are hereby required, on proper notice being given of such judge's discharge, to release and set free such bankrupt or bankrupts out of his or their custody, and each and every of them is and are hereby indemnified from any action or actions that may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted against him or them, for any escape for or on account thereof.

LXXVI. And whereas many bankrupts, having in all respcbs Clause with strictly conformed themselves to the directions of the bankrupt lawst respect to have, notwithstanding, been unable to obtain their certificates, and ^o^havecon havey on that account, been discouraged from exerting their industry in formed them" the pursuit of their several occupations; either living in the moji selves to the unhappy and distressed situation at home, or seeking relief in foreign bankrupt countries, where they can earn and secure to themselves the profit of an ^aw*1 industrious application to business; some of whom have carried with them the arts manufactures, and commerce of this country, to the great prejudice thereof: and whereas some relief given in such parti cular casey might prevent the evils arising to the publick and be an encouragement for such individuals to follow their different occupations at born; be it enacted, That any person or persons against whom a commission of bankruptcy hath been awarded and issued, on or before the twenty-eighth day of January9one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and who bath or have in all things conformed to the several acts now in force concerning bankrupts, by his, her, or their surrender and submission thereto, and who shall not have been committed for any act of contumacy or nonconformity, yet who hath not or have not gained*a total discharge from his, her, or their creditors, of his, her, or their debts, arising or accruing previous to such commission, for want of their certificate, shall have liberty, after the expiration of twelve calendar months from the day of the date of every such commission respectively, to petition or to apply, by motion of

114 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. [1778.

court, to the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners for the tiirie being, setting forth the true circumstance of the case relative to such commimon and certificate; and the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords of as aforesaid, shall have ppwer and authority to dire and order the acting of in the respective commissions named, to certify to the said lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords of,

' the conformity or nonconformity of such bankrupt or bankrupts, and such other matter as to them shall seem necessary concerning the same (the said acting of being hereby au lordchan thorised and required so to do); and the lord chancellor, lord im^weredto or ors of, as aforesaid, shall thereupon

altow such have power and authority, if he or they shall so think fit, to dibankrupts' rest and order an advertisement to be inserted in the London Ga certificates, zctte9 for the allowance of such bankrupt's certificate, (although

fiened'b* "0t tllczmc not appear to ^avc l>cen signed or consented to by fmir fifths of four-fifths in number and value of the said bankrupt's creditors, their credi agreeable to the laws now in being), in the same manner and for form as if the said certificate had been signed as aforesaid;

in case no sufficient cause shall be shewn to the contrary within the time limited by the said advertisement, the said lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords of, as aforesaid, shall have power and authority to allow such bankrupt's certificate, it the like manner as if the same had been signed agreeable to the laws now in being, and grant or make such other order thereupon, for the relief and discharge of such bankrupt or bankrupts' from his, her, or their debts as aforesaid, or otherwise, as to the

lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords of, shall seem proper; which certificate, if so allowed, shall be as full and effectual, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been duly obtained and allowed agreeable to the directions of the several laws now in force concerning bankrupts; any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

No person to

LXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such receive any bankrupt or prisoner, who knowingly or designedly, by false pretences, shall have obtained from any person or by false ore*pcfsons money, goods, wares, merchandises, bonds, bills of ex tcnees, have change, promissory notes, or other securities for money, shall obtained mohave or receive any benefit or discharge by or under this act; but ney, goods, the judge, the lord chancellor, lord keeper, lords of, bonds, etc. or justices at any general quarter sessions of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, before whom any such prisoner shall be brought, upon due proof of the matter made to their satisfaction, shall remand such bankrupt or prisoner to the custody of the gaoler or keeper of the prison from whence he or she shall have been brought; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

ll

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53.

CAP. LIII.

An act for the more easy and better recruiting of his Mayejifs land forces and marines.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, for recruiting his maje/ljs land forces and

marines, it is necessary that a new supply of men be forthwith raised, within the kingdom of Great Britain, by common consent and grant in parliament; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That within A levy of and throughout the several and respective counties, shires, ^"kodijed stewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, parishes, !|*}c0 towns, and places, of Great Britain, a speedy and effectual levy throughout of able-bodied men, to serve his Majesty as soldiers, shall be Great Britain, forthwith had, made, practised, and put in execution according to the rules and directions of this present act.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That the justices of the just5ccs f peace of every county, Shire, stewartry, riding, liberty, or place, ^oncntof within Great Britain, and all and every the persons who were the land tax, named, or otherwise appointed, to be of for putting and magii in execution an act of parliament, made and passed at Westminster, tratei. cor in the fifteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, inti g "jan tuled. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be put thit ad in raised in Great Britain, /^ the service of the year one thousand seven execution j hundred and seventy ftve), or any subsequent act or acts of parliament for that purpose, within the several and respective counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places, therein particularly expressed, who are still living, and have duly qualified themselves according to the said acts, or shall duly qualify themselves according to this present act, in that behalf, shall be of for putting in execution this present act, and the powers therein contained, within and for the same counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places, of Great Britain, for which they were so named or appointed respectively; and that all and every the justices of the peace, and magistrates of corporations and burghs, in any part of Great Britain, who are or shall be in any of his majesty's commissions of the peace, or in the magistracy of such corporation or burgh, at any time during the execution of this act, who shall duly qualify themselves according to this present act in that behalf (although not specially named or appointed of by the said act), shall be likewise of for putting in execution this present act, and all the powers therein contained, within the limits of their commissions and jurisdictions respectively: all which of, by this an? ad intruded with the execution of the same, are hereby strictly Majesty fr enjoined and required to use their utmost care and diligence that vice be not

I 3 his neglected.

u8

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53. [1778.

his majesty, service, in making such levies as aforesaid, be not disappointed or neglected.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the high sheriff of every county, or his deputy, immediately upon receiving notice for that purpose from the secretary at war, shall send precepts to the respective bailiffs, or others who are usually employed to summon juries, although in liberties out of the ordinary jurisdiction of the said high sheriff, direaing them to summon the several justices of the peace, and of of the land tax, within their respective divisions and liberties, to attend at the usual place of meeting in every division, upon a certain day in the said precepts named, within the time limited by the secretary at war, (notice of which day shall be sent to the war office and admiralty upon the issuing of the precepts by ing to be sent the sheriff), to qualify themselves for the execution of this a; etc anc^stall ihen and there appoint the feve commission ra times and places for the succeeding meetings in each of their tis to appoint respective subdivisions during the continuance of this act; and the time and the said justices of the peace, and commissioners of the land tax, Fucceedine16^ at ^cir meeting, or at some other meeting to be held meeting, and s fon as lt can be conveniently, shall issue their precepts to the issue precepts high constables, headboroughs, or other proper officers, for the for that pur respective hundreds, lathes, rapes, wapentakes, or other fubdi* hieh confta V sins within the said counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, or biei etc;divisions, as aforesaid; which precept shall contain an account of the times and places appointed for the succeeding meetings,

and shall be returnable on a day, therein to be named, within twenty days, and not less than fourteen days, from the time of issuing thereof; and such high constables, headboroughs, or other proper officers, are hereby required forthwith to signify the times and places appointed for such meetings to the several and to give of residing within their respective distrias; and the to such mu^assembled at such first meeting to qualify tary officers themselves as aforesaid, shall also give notice of the time and ffiail attend place of all and every succeeding meeting, to be appointed as thit service. aforesaid, to the military officer whom they shall have learned, by notice from the secretary at war, to be direaed to attend this service.

Sheriffs to be

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That all rea exocncet^n ^ona^c charges or expenses incurred by any sheriff or deputy curred in the mhc execution of this act, shall be allowed in the ac

execution of counts of such sheriff at the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, this act. V And for the encouragement of fit and able per font voluntarily

Every person t inter tnt Majesty's service, be it enacted, That every such voluntarily in person who shall, on or before the first day of May, one thou lifting himself, (and seven hundred and seventy nine, voluntarily enter himself Iwuiltv 10 into keels majesty's service, before the said of, at their ney m - or any subsequent meeting, shall, by warrant of any three or more of the said commissioners, receive the sum of three pounds out of the money of the land tax, arisen or to arise in the years one thousand seven hundred and sevenry fevea, and one thousand

High sheriff*, etc. upon notice from the secretary at war, to issue Precept for summoning the commissioners to meet, and quality them lelve*.

Notice of the

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53.

find seven hundred and seventy eight, or either of them, then iteing in the hands of any receiver-general, or of any collector thereof, within the county or place for which the said of are appointed; and thereupon the of then present, or any three of them, shall forthwith cause such volunteers to be delivered to the officers appointed to receive them; smd shall cause an entry to be made, in some book to be kept y the said of, or such clerk as they shall appoint, of the names of such volunteers, and of the parishes or places of their last abode (if they can be known), and of the time and place when and where they did so enter themselves, and of the iums pak) to them, and by whom such payments were made, and of the names of the officers or persons who received such volunteers, and for what regiment or company they were received; and shall cause true copies or duplicates of such entries, attested by three or more of the said of then present, within forty days after the delivery of fuefr volunteers, to be transmitted into the office of his majesty's secretary at war for the time bing, to be compared with the muster rolls.

VI. And it is hereby declared, That the pay of very such volunteer shall commence from the time that he shall so enter himself into his majesty's service; and that every such volunteer, after he shall have continued in the military service of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, during the space of three years, shall be at liberty (if he think fit) to demand hrs discharge from the colonel or commanding officer of the regiment or company to which he shall belong, (unless the nation shall be then engaged in a war, and in that case such volunteer shall remain in service during the continuance of wai); and such discharge shall be granted to him gratis, in writing, under the hand of such colonel or commanding officer, who is hereby empowered and required to give the same accordingly, on pain of suffering the penalties usually inflicted for disobedience to orders; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the warrants by this act directed to be issued by the said of for the encouragement of volunteers as aforesaid, shall be satisfied by (such receivers or collectors as aforesaid, to whom such warrants dull be directed, without any abatement for fees, gratuities, charges, poundage, or any other pretence whatsoever, and shall be allowed upon their accounts; any law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding; and the said receivers general, and their re foedive deputies, and the said collectors of the land tax money, or any of them, upon the summons of the said of, or any three or more of them, (frail attend at the said meetings for receiving volunteers as aforesaid, and duly pay to the said volunteers the rewards prescribed by this act, as they will answer at their peril any delay or obstruction to his Majesty's service which may happen by their defaults.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall

14 be

119

Volunteers to be delivered over to the military officers; and an entry to be made of their names, placet of abode, etc.

Duplicates of entries to be transmitted to the war office.

Volunteers to receive pay from the time of their entering;

and to be di recharged at the end of 3 years, or of the war, if they demand it.

Warrants for

bounty money to be paid without any deduction.

receivert general, and collectors, to attend meetings of of, and pay the bounty.

40 s. of every 31. paid out of

120 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53. [1778.

the land tax, be lawful for the lord high treasurer, or of of the

!ntocthepexd treasuiy fr l*lc me be, ng*to cauk forty Shillings of every three cnequer by pounds of the money which shall be supplied out of the land thepaymatters tax money for the years one thousand seven hundred and seven ot tue loices. ty seven, and one thousand seven hundred and l'eveniy eight, or either of them, for payment of the encouragements aforesaid, to be repaid into his majesty's exchequer, by the respective paymasters of his majesty's forces, out of such money as they shall receive for the said forces, to make good the respective credits on the said land taxes, and to be applied to the satisfaction of such principal and interest (if any) as shall be remaining thereupon.

Commission

IX. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore erkimpowered That the said of, or any three or more of Maas are them, in their respective places or stations, shall be, and arc

herein de hereby authorised and empowered to raise and levy, and to cause

(bribed to be raised and levied, at any time or times during the continuance

of this act, within their several limits and jurisdictions, all able bodied idle and disorderly persons, who cannot, upon examination, prove themselves to exercise and industriously follow some lawful trade or employment, or to have some substance^for their support and maintenance, to serve his ma in jesty as soldiers; and to require and command all and every the o^panvand high constables, churchwardens, overseers of the poor, petty town officers $ constables, headboroughs, and tythingmen, and other parish and toihrn officers, or any of them, within their respective limits, and jurisdictions, to be aiding and assisting to them the said of, or any three or more of them, in the perform and to meet ance of this his majesty's service j and for that purpose the said In their fub of, or any three of them, are to meet in their re qivuions, spective subdivisions, according to the appointment of the justices and iflfue ge and commissioners as aforesaid, and to issue out their warrants, aramntafor unc*cr their hands and seals, thereby requiring and commanding bringing be soh churchwardens, overseers of the poor, petty constables, fore them, at headboroughs, tythingmen, or other parish or town officers, or their second else requiring and commanding the said high constables to issue subdivision their preccpts to such churchwardens, overseers, petty confta pehonfwithin hies, headboroughs, tythingmen, and other parish and town thedescription officers as aforesaid, every or any of them, to make, or cause to of this act. be made, a general search within their respective parishes, town ships, constablewicks, or other places, for all such persons as they can find, who are or shall appear to them to be within the description of this act, and to bring all such persons before the'of who have power to execute this act in and for

such county, Shire, stewartry, riding, or division, at such time and place as shall have been appointed, by the justices and of as aforesaid, for the second meeting of the said of, in their respective subdivisions, which time and place Subfrquent shall be prefixed in the said warrants and precepts respectively; meetings to be anc afterwards the said of, within their respective andpiacetat limits an d*visions, Hiall meet at such convenient time or times shall be as they shall think fit, in order to utue their like warrants or thought fit. pre

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53.

precepts for making general searches for persons within the said description, and for bringing them before the of at any future times and places appointed by the justices and of as aforesaid, during the continuance of this act.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of, or any three or more of them, in their respective places or (Unions, shall be, and are hereby authorised and empowered, to raise and levy, and to cause to be raised and levied, to serve his Majesty as a soldier, (at any time or times during the continuance of this act, within their respective limits and jurisdictions, and subject to the several rules and regulations herein before specified, for the raising and levying persons who have no lawful trade or employment), any tit and able person who shall be convicted of running goods to the value not exceeding forty pounds, in lieu of any punishment or penalty to which such person may be liable by any law now in force for preventing the running of goods; or any tit or able person who shall be taken in the act of running goods, and be thereof convicted before one or more of his majesty's justices of the peace for the county or place where the offence was committed.

XI. Provided always, That in case the second meeting appointed to be held in any subdivision, shall be at so great a distance of time as may render it inconvenient to issue warrants for bringing persons before such of at the second meeting, then the of of such subdivision respectively may adjourn themselves to some convenient day, previous to such second meeting, in order to issue their warrants as aforesaid.

121

Person convicted of running good to the value of 401. may be levied at soldiers, in lieu of all legal penalties.

If the second subdivision meeting be too distant, commissionerimay adjourn to a previous day.

XII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall After suchfe and may be lawful to and for the churchwardens, overseers of corn! meeting, the poor, constables, headboroughs, tythingmen, and other of paari^effiue/* ficers of any parish or township, or any of them, at any time ^ff^re*after the said second meeting of the said of, having such persona proper warrant or precept as aforesaid, to search for and ap ascomewithin prebend all or any such person or persons as they, or any of t^descriptioa them, shall find, or shall appear to them, or any of them, to be and convey within the description of this act, and to convey such person or rhem before a persons before one or more of the justices of the peace of the justices county, Shire, stewartry, city, riding, liberty, or place, within which he or they shall have been so apprehended, to be examined; and if the said justice or justices shall judge the person or whomaycom persons, so brought before him or them, to be within the demit to feription of this act, it shall in that case be lawful for the said p'tac^5^he U justice or justices to grant a warrant for Securing such person or nt meeting persons (in case they shall think it necessary) in the gaol or house of the com of correction, or other proper place of Security, of the county, tmlfioneri^tc. town, or place, where such persons shall be apprehended $ and the keeper of such gaol or house of correction, or other proper

!lace of Security, mall receive such person or persons without ee or reward, and the parish officers shall allow such keeper sixpence by the day for each person, during the time that their

commissioner to examine the said persons.

and, if found proper for the Service, to deliver them to the military officers.

Officers to five receipts for them i

and to pay to the panlh officers, for their trouble, 20 s. for every such man;

and to the churchwardens, etc. from tos. to 40 s. if such man have a wife or family,

as shall be settled by the co m million ersj

and 6 d. per diem to the

fiarish officers or the time they shall have kept him.

Disputes relating the reto

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53.

[1778-.

shall remain there; and shall convey them before the of, at their next meeting for tiding of soldiers, to be examined, and (if judged by the said of to be within the description of this act) to be lifted and delivered into his majesty's service, according to the true intent and meaning hereof.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners for executing this a, who shall attend this service at the place or places for lifting soldiers as aforesaid shall strictly examine the persons who shall be brought before them by the said churchwardens, overseers, constables, head boroughs, tythingmen, or other parish or town officer as aforesaid; and in case the said of, or the major part of them then present, upon examination of the persons so brought before them, ftpll find that such persons shall come within though descriptions herein mentioned, and the said of, and the officer or officers who shall be appointed to receive the impressed men, shall judge them to be such as are hereby intended to be entertained as soldiers in his majesty's service, then, and in such case, the said of shall cause such persons to be delivered over by the said churchwardens, overseers, constables, headboroughs, tythingmen, or other parish or town officers, to such officers or persons as shall be appointed to receive such recruits as aforesaid; officers or persons giving a receipt under their hands, acknowledging what men are lo delivered to him or them, which receipt they are hereby required to give.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the respective officers who shall receive such new raised men, shall pay to the clerk appointed by the of, for the use of the officers of the parish or town so employed in the nrffing such men, for their pains and services therein, twenty Shillings of lawful money of Great Britain for every man so raised; and shall also pay, for every such new raised man who shall have a wife or family, any sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings, of lawful money of Great Britain, to the said clerk, to be by him paid over, as is herein after directed, into the hands of the churchwardens or overseers of the poor, for the benefit of such parish or township in which such new raised man shall have gained a settlement, and whose wife or family may become chargeable to such parish or townfh'.p respectively; which sum shall hi settled by the of present at the meeting when such person shall be enlisted, or any three or more of them, regard being had to the number or children, or other particular circumstances of such person so enlisted; for both which payments the clerk shall give a receipt; and the sum of sixpence per diem for keeping every such new raised man who shall be delivered as aforesaid, according to the number of day that the officers of the said parish or townhall have kept him in custody, pursuant to the powers granted by this act, until such delivery; the said allowances of twenty millings, and of

six

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53. 11j

sixpence per ditto, in case of dispute, to be ascertained and dito be settled ftribmed to or amongst the said churchwardens, overseers, con jlables, headboroughs, tythingmen, and such other parish and town officers, or any of them, according to the judgement and direction of the said of, or the major part, of them then present.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au commission thority aforesaid, That the said of, or any three or

more of them, in their respective divisions, are hereby aulho ncy allowed to rifed and empowered, by and out of the said sum of twenty hil parish officers lings, herein before directed to be paid for the use of the officers* to the of the parish or town so employed in the raffing of such men, to jv*1 allot and order such sum as they shall think fit, to the respective 0 high constables, within their respective limits and jurisdictions, for their pains and Service in the execution of this at, not exceeding the sum of two Shillings.

XVI. Provided always, That no person shall be enlisted by able-bodied the said of, by virtue of this act, who is not such

an able-bodied man as is fit to serve his Majesty, and is free 00 m 1

from ruptures, and every other distemper, or bodily weakness or

infirmity, which may render him unfit to perform the duty of a

soldier; and that no man be enlisted for his majesty's Service by and none un

virtue of this act, who shall appear, in the opinion of the com jj?'*nlfl

missioners, or officer or officers appointed to receive the im Sf age^etl

pressed men, to be under the age of Seventeen years, or above the age of forty five years, or who shall be under the size of five feet four inches without shoes.

XVII. And, for the better preventing any disputes which may Ptrfom dif

arise about paying for the fubfifence of those persons who, having the de!

been apprehended and detained by virtue of this act, may afterwards scription of be discharged upon examination before the of and military this pa officers, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if rise not to be any person being judged by the of not to be within!^l1theif

the description of this act, shall be by them discharged, the of pen fleers of the parish or townhall be entitled to no consideration for their expenses in keeping such person; and if any person If within the being judged by the of to be within the description de!fnpja^ of this act, shall be rejected by the military officer, such officer office, be shall pay to the officers of the parish or town sixpence per diemf shall pay the for the whole time that they shall have kept every such person, expenses of to be charged to the account of his respective regiment or com keepingtbenu pany; and every officer who shall object to any person delivered obje&ionsto to him by the of, shall specify his objection to such be Specified, person, whether it shall be to his age or size, or bodily disability, and the grounds of such objection shall be forthwith (as far as may be) inquired into by the said of, and they shall proceed accordingly; and every officer who shall refuse or dif*jn$ * charge any person delivered to him by the of, as fit to serve his Majesty within the description of this act, shall, to thefecre without delay, transmit to his majesty's Secretary at war, his rea tary at war. (bn for such refusal or discharge, in writing, attested hv himself.

" 4

Inhabitants

required to be assisting herein.

to t. premium to such as shall discover any

rarpe^lun, le be inis lied.

Clerks to be appointed by the of at their first general meeting

and at fubdi iifion meetings.

Clerks to be paid by the officer % s. for every man in listed.

The second and sixth lection i of the articles of war to be read to oew raited men.

Names of the man, parish, time of enlisting, etc. to be entered in a book.

Attested copy thereof to be

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53. [1778.

XVIII. And it is hereby enacted and ftridmy enjoined by the authority aforesaid, That the inhabitants of every parish and townshipj where any persons described as aforesaid do abide, or are to be found, at the instance of anyone or more of the of appointed for the execution of this a, or of any churchwarden, overseer of the poor, or constable, of the same parish or township, shall (not having a lawful or reasonable excuse to the contrary) be aiding and assisting in the furtherance of his majesty's service by this act described.

XIX Jnd9 to encourage such inhabitants and others to assijl in discovering and apprehending such persons described as aforesaid, it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person shall discover and give information of any able-bodied man, fit to serve his Majesty within the description of this act, so that he dull be apprehended and enlisted before the commissioners as aforesaid, such person, for every man so discover ed and enlisted, shall receive, from the officer to whom such man shall be delivered, the sum of ten Shillings, out of the twenty Shillings which he is elsewhere directed to pay to the officers of the parish or town for every man enlisted by virtue of this a, and the remainder only of the said twenty Shillings shall, in that case, be paid to such officers.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioo ers, at their first general meeting assembled, to appoint a clerk to attend them, then and at each of their subsequent meetings; and for the of of the several subdivisions to appoint a clerk to attend them at their respeduve meetings in each subdivision wherein soldiers are to be lifted as aforesaid; and such respective clerks, as a reward for their labour and pains in the execution of this act, shall be entitled to, and shall receive, for every man who shall be lifted in pursuance of this act, at the meetings whereon they shall respectively attend, the sum of two Shillings of lawful money of Great Britain, to be paid by the respective officer who shall receive such new raised men respectively.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of, or such of them as shall be present at such meeting for lifting of foldiexs as aforesaid, shall cause the second and sixth sections of the articles of war against mutiny and desertion, to he read to such new raised men, in the presence 8f the said of then tficre $ and the said of, or the major part of them then present, (hal forthwith cause an entry or memorial to be made, in a book or books to be kept by them or their clerks for that purpose of the names of such new raised men, and of the parishes or places of their last abode (if they can be known), and of the time and place when and where such men were delivered to the said officers or persons appointed to receive them, and the names of the officers or persons who received them, and for what regiment or company they were so received, and the sums paid $ and shall cause

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53. 125

true copies or duplicates of such entries, attested by the said transmitted, of, or any three or more of them then present, with J^ forty days after the delivering such men as aforesaid, to be adrairajty,tc. transmitted into the admiralty, or office of his majesty's secretary at war for the time being, to be compared with the muster roll; and every clerk, for every neglect or default in not trans on penalty of mining the said copies or duplicates of such entries to the ad 10*mnralty, or office of the secretary at war, as aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds, one moiety thereof to the use of his Application Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such * lbc penal person or persons who shall inform or fuc for the same, in some tjr' of the courts of record at Westminster^ or the court of sessions in Scotland; and it is hereby declared, that the pay of evsry such Commence, new raised man, so delivered to the officers or persons appointed ment of folio receive them as aforesaid, shall commence from the time of dier*payj his being taken and secured as aforesaid; and from and after After article such delivery as aforesaid, and reading the said articles of war, of war arc every person so raised shall be deemed a listed soldier to all intents and purposes, and shall be subject to the discipline of war, to martial law. and, in case of desertion, shall be proceeded against as a deserter by any law now in force, or by any law to be made for punish tnent of deserters; and no person so lifted shall be liable to be taken out of his majesty's service, by any process other than for some criminal matter.

XXII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the au commission thority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the of, ^cnt*who shall have been present at any such meeting where any new*raised man shall have been delivered over as aforesaid, or for the emit, may, major part of them, upon the demand of such man, or of any upon demand other person on his behalf, signified to their clerk within four I days after such meeting, and by him notified to each of the said jn*t a further

commissioners, to appoint a further meeting of the said commis meetingi sioners, to be hoi den within six days after the making of such demand, unless the party appealing shall require a further reasonable time; and if, upon further and more certain informa ^ot tefbe lion, the said of, or the major part of them at such within the de fur the r meeting, shall find that such new raised man was not, feription of at the time of his being delivered over as aforesaid, within the this are description of this act, they are hereby required to certify the so^e^the same, under their hands and seals, to his majesty's secretary at secretary at war, who, on the receipt of such certificate, shall cause the man war, who to be forthwith dischargedj and the recruiting officer shall, on cause the such person's receiving his discharge as aforesaid, cause to be J!^H

Eaid to such man the sum of one shilling for each day he shall ave been so detained in the service as aforesaid, to be allowed or to such officer out of the recruiting fund, over and above such each day be ftbfistence as he may have received; and the clerk appointed by shall have been the of shall repay to such officer (without see or detained, other dedudion) the several sums before paid to him by the said C cr, C officer, and shall give back the receipts taken as above directed^exchange for a copy of the man's discharge 5 and in case no full, received

such of him, etc.

126

If no discharge be obtained, clerk to pay over the turns deposed to the proper periods.

None to be enlisted till the Turns payable by the officers are first paid.

Officers may

secure im prefied men.

Keeper to be a*lo*ed their iabfistence money.

Civil officers to be aiding in securing them, and to be allowed for their trouble.

commissioners may levy a fine, not exceeding 101. on gaoler for escape of men,

and on parish officers for neglect of duty.

Person ob ft ruling the execution of

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53. [1778.

such discharge shall have been obtained as aforesaid, then though said clerk shall, after the expiration of fourteen days from the time that such new raised man was delivered over as aforesaid, pay over, without fee or deduction, to the persons respectively entitled thereto under the directions of this act, the several fuens deposited in his hands for that purpose.

XXIII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall be construed to extend to empower the said of to enlist any personas a soldier, until the several sums herein directed to be paid, by the respective officers appointed to receive such new raised men, shall be first paid to the person or persons respectively authorised to receive the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the officer or officers, and other person or persons, appointed to attend the said of, and to receive such impressed men, shall, in case he or they shall find it necessary, secure such imprested men in some secure house or place, to be provided by the justices of the peace, in their petty or speci^l sessions, for that purpose; but in case no such house or place shall be so provided, then in the gaol of the county, town, or place, where futh man shall be received into his majesty's service, or in the house of correction, or other public prison, of such county, town, or place, where debtors are not usually confined; and the keeper of such gaol, house of correction, of prison, shall receive such impressed men, until they can be removed, without fee or reward; and such keeper shall be allowed the usual subsistence for such meo during the time they remain there, from the officer by whom they shall be delivered as aforesaid; and the constables, headboroughs, and other civil officers, shall (if required) be assisting to such officer in conveying such man or men to such secure place, goal, or house of correction, and shall be allowed such reasonable sum or sums as the major part of the of then present shall appoint to be paid by the officer or officers who shall require such assistance.

XXV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, or any three or more of them, to impoie upon any gaoler, or keeper of a house of correction, or prison, who shall suffer any person committed to his custody, in pursuance of this act, to escape; or upon any high constable, churchwarden, overseer, petty constable, headborough, tythingman, or other parish or town officer, for every wilful neglect or default, in the execution of any warrant, order, or precept, to them or any of them directed in pursuance of this act, a fine not exceeding ten pounds, and to cause every such fine to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owners, and to pay the said fine to the informer or informers.

XXVI. And be it furthef enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever dull wilfully do any

act

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53. 127

a<sl or thing whereby the execution of this act, in the searching tw*fiu*

for, taking, and securing, such able-bodied men as aforesaid, for'clt io

shall be hindered or frustrated, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding ten pounds, to the use of the informer or informers; and all and every such offences may be inquired of, heard, and finally determined, by any two or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, dwelling in or near the place where such offence shall be committed;

who have hereby power to cause the said penalty to be levied by which maybe

distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, rendering livid by di

the overplus (if any be) to the owners; and if the offenders have

no goods and chattels sufficient to answer the said penalty, then to commit him or her to the county gaol or house of correction, thereto remain for the space of three months, without bail or mainprize.

XXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That Voters for this act shall not extend to the taking or levying any person to n, cher serve as a soldier, who shall make it appear, to the satisfaction of the of then present, that he hath any vote in the be listed, cie&ion of any member or members to serve in parliament, in any county, city, borough, town, port, or place, within the kingdom of Great Britain.

XXVIII. And it is hereby enacted, That no person who, at No military the time of the execution of this at, shall have any military of officer roay (ke or employment in Great Britain, (other than in the militia) iloi^mrol*shall execute any power or authority by this at given to com mifltoners as aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Limitation of That if any action, plaint, suit, or information, shall be com a^10118, menced or prosecuted against any person or persons for what he

or they shall do in purfttance or execution of this act, the same shall be commenced within six months after the offence committed; and such person or persons so sued, in any court whatsoever, shall and may plead the general issue, not guilty, and General iffut. upon any issue joined, may give this act, and the special matter in evidence 5 and if the plaintiff or prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or forbear further prosecution, or suffer a discontinuance, or if a verdict pass against him, the defendant shall recover treble costs; for which they shall have the tyke remedy as in Treble cots any case where costs by the law are given to defendants.

XXX. Andy for the better obviating such frauds and abuses as may be praflifed in discharging of soldiers, it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no private soldier, who No soldier or shall be duly lifted into his Majesty's service by virtue of this act, (during the time such soldier shall remain in Great Britain) w'iciioufa cer shall be discharged from his Majesty's service, without thexon tificite from frnt of the colonel, or, in his absence, the field officer command tot colonel, ing in chief the regiment, first had and obtained in writing"urt ctc* der their hands and seals for that purpose; in which writing the cattfe of his dischargfe shall ber expressed, and & duplicate or copy of which a of every such discharge forthwith transmitted to the secretary at duplicate to

be transnoitud

138

to the secretary at war.

Officer breaking this order to oe cashier td.

Impressed men, after 5 years service, to be discharged, if they demand it.

Clerks to be rewarded for their trouble in t ran emitting dupli cates, etc.

His Majesty, when a sufficient number of men shall be raifod, may, by proclamation, etc. suspend the execution of this act; ormaysuspend or enforce it in any county or place.

Persons employed in the execution of this act, exempted from the penalties of acts JK5 Car. a.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53. [1778.

war, to be by him kept and entered in a book; or if a marine, without the consent of the lord high admiral, or the of of the admiralty for the time being, first: had and obtained; and any officer that shall presume to discharge any soldier enlisted pursuant to this act, in any other manner contrary to this act, (hull, for such offence, be cashiered.

XXXI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That every person who shall be impressed upon this act, after he shall have continued in the military service of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, during the space of five years, shall be at liberty, if he think sir, to demand his discharge from the colonel, or, in his absence, the officer commanding the regiment or company to which he shall belong, unless the nation shall be then engaged in a war, and in that case such person shall remain in service during the continuance of war; and such discharge shall be granted to him gratis, in writing under the hand of such colonel or officer, who is hereby empowered and requited to give the same accordingly; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said several clerks to the said of, provided the said copies or duplicates be duly transmitted into the office of the admiralty, or secretary at war, as aforesaid, shall have and receive, by the hands of the paymasters of his majesty's land forces and marines, or one of them, such rewards as the lord high treasurer, or of of the treasury for the time being, upon consideration of the numbers of men lifted in the several counties, cities, bo roughs, or other places, and the pains and charges of the several clerks in this service, shall judge the said clerks severally and respectively to deserve.

XXXIII. Provided always, That his Majesty, when he shall be satisfied, by the said returns of the of, or otherwise, that a sufficient number of recruits in the whole shall be raised for his present service, may be graciously pleased to suspend or stop the further execution of this act, by proclamation, or order in council, or other public notice in the London Gazette; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. Provided also, That his Majesty, when he shall judge it expedient for his service, may at any time suspend or enforce the execution of this act, in any county or place of Great Britain, by notice from his majesty's secretary at war; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no commissioner, churchwarden, oversee constable, headborough, tythingman, or other parish or town officer, who shall be employed in the execution of this act, shall be liable, for or by reason of such execution, to any of the penalties mentioned, in an act made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, For preventing dangerswhich may happen from popish recusants or in one other ad, made in the first year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary

(entitled.

!77$0 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53. 129

(entitled. An act for abrogating the oaths of allegiance and fupre gui Sc Mar. maty, and appointing other oaths); or in one other act, made in the parliament held in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of the late King William, the Third, ( intituled An act &4

for the further security of his majesty's person, and the frcctjfton of u*5* the crown in the protestant line; and for the extinguishing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and all other pretenders, and their open and secret abettors.)

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no per Commission

son or persons, hereby appointed to be a commissioner or comers in England missioner for any county, riding, city, borough, cinquc porr,

or place, of England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, (except such taken the

as duly qualified themselves to be justices of the peace, or com oarbs ap missioners for executing the said a & for the land tax made and panted by passed in the fifteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, or any as subsequent act or acts of parliament for that purpose), shall be ( capable, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, of acting as a commissioner or commissioners in the execution of this act, or executing any the powers of the of therein mentioned, (unless it be the power hereby given of administering oaths), until such time as he or they respectively shall have taken the oaths appointed by an act of parliament, made in the first year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, inti 1 Gu! Mar. tuled. An act for the abrogating the oaths of supremacy, and allegi ittce, and appointing other oaths); and also in the said act, (entitled, An act for the further security of his majesty's person, and the nd &*of the crown in the protestant line; and for extinguisnng the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and all other pretenders, and their open and secret abettors); which oaths it shall and may be lawful to and for any two or more of the said of to, administer, and they are hereby required to administer the same to any other of the said of; and that no person j}or commis or persons, hereby appointed to be a commissioner or of for any parr of Scotland, (except such as duly qualified equalised themselves, according to the laws of Scotland, to be commis themselves as sioners there for executing the said act for the land tax made and rh1tilrc passed in the fifteenth year of his present majestyyreign, or any subsequent act or acts of parliament for that purpose), shall be capable of acting as a commissioner or of in the execution of this present act, in any part of Scotland until such time as he or they respectively shall have duly qualified thfcm selyes, according to the laws of Scotland, for that purpose.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any commission person hereby appointed a commissioner for any county, city, emn England town, or place, in England, ivales, or Berivict upon Tweed, (except

as before excepted) shall presume to act as a commis taujn fioner in the execution of this act, before he shall have taken the oaths, said oaths which by this act he is required to take, and in the manner hereby prescribed, he shall forfeit to his Majesty the sum of two hundred pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, or forfeit tool, on the case, bill, suit, or information, in any of his majesty's Yol. XXXII K courts

Commissioners for the county, ttc. at large, may a d for any city, etc.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53. [1778.

courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and commis and that if any person hereby appointed a commissioner for any jioner*inscot* Shire, stewartry, burgh, or place ill Scotland, (except as before an50*excepted), shall presume to act as a commissioner in the Execution of this act, before that he shall have qualified himself according to the laws in Scotland, he shall forfeit to his Majesty the sum of fifty sounds, to be recovered in the court of exchequer in Scotland, in' the same manner as any other penalties are there recoverable.

XXXVIII. Provided also, That in case there shall not be a fufikient number of of for any city, borough, town, port, or place, of Great Britain, (fcr which by this act of are specially appointed), capable of acting according to the respective qualifications required by this act 5 then, and in every such case, any the of appointed for the county, Shire, or stewartry at large, within which such city, bo*town, or place, doth stand, or which is next adjoining thereto, may ad as of in the execution of this act, within such city, borough, town, port, or place 5 anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no commissioner of the land tax, not being a justice of the peace, or a magistrate of a corporation or a borough, shall he capable of acting as a commissioner in the execution of this act, or of any of the powers therein contained, in or for any county at large, within England, the dominion of Wales, (the counties of Angle fey, Merioneth, Cardigan, Caermarthen, Glamorgan, Montgomery, Pembroke, Caernarvon, and Monmouth, excepted), or in or for any of the ridings in the county of York, unless such person by himself, or his tenants or trustees, was taxed or did pay, in the same county or riding, for the value of one hundred pounds per annum, or more of his otfcn estate, by virtue of the fakl act for the land tax, made and parted in England, in the fifteenth year of his majesty's reign, or any subsequent act or acts of parliament for that purpose; or unless such person so appointed to be a commissioner shall, at the time of the execution of this act, by himself, his tenants or trustees, enjoy an estate of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the said yearly value of one hundred pounds, or morse, within the said county or riding respectively \ thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any person awicd prefum intended by this act to be disabled for the catife last mentioned.

Qualification ot com mir lioncri for counties at large within England.

Persons dif

ing to ad, foiieit 50 I.

comnvflion trs may ad

shall nevertheless presume to act as a commissioner in the execution of this act, or any of the powers therein contained, every such person, for such offence, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, to any person or persons who will inform or fuefor the same, to be recovered in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the exchequer of Scotland, as aforesaid.

XLI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That

o no

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53. 131

' no person who i appointed ro be a commissioner for executing fr an dty, this a d in any part of Great Britain, shall be disabled, for the1*^ cause last mentioned, from adding as a commissioner within bitantr.or and for any city, borough, cinque port, or corporate town for inns of only, whereof he shall be an inhabitant at the time of the exe court, cution of this act, or from acting as a commissioner within any of the inns of court or inns of chancery.

XLII. And whereas Jonte doubts may arise whether mayors, laiu. ffi* another chief magistrates of cities, boroughs, towns corporate end cingue ports, for which of are penally appointed by virtue of this ah, can act as of for executing this afi in the said cities, boroughs, towns corporate, and cinque ports', be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all mayors Mayor, ba? bailiffs, and aether chief magistrates, who are appointed coinmif to ad

sioners for executing this act, shall be, and have power to act as f, on*ni f^ci commissioners for executing this act, within and for any city, ally appoint borough, town corporate, or cinque port, wherein they inhabit ed. at the time of executing this act, as well where of are specially appointed by this act, as where they are net.

XLIII. And whereas it may often be expedient for his m/efl/s

service, that the of hereby appointed fall execute this act in

cities, towns, or other places, where it may not be convenient to enforce

the execution thereof through the county in which such city, town, or

place, hall be respectively situate be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the mayor or other chief magistrate of Chief magt*

every city, town, or place, Hull, upon receiving notice for that it rates of CI

purpose from the secretary at war, immediately proceed to put t, e, clc* upon- n #..*rirl i nonce from

this act in execution within their respective junfdidions, in the tf, e fccrerarjr

same manner, to all intents and purposes, as if such mayor or at war, to

other chief magistrate had received such notice from the (heritf enforce this

of the county in which such city, town, or place, shall be respectively

situate; thing in this act contained to the contrary didioni?

notwithstanding.

XLIV. And it is hereby provided and enacted, That no badiffs fol bailiff s follower or assistant, employed or belonging to any (he tterc jiff, bailiff of liberties, marshalsea court, or any other person or nat deemed to persons that shall be so employed by any one that shall have the f Ho any power of executing any warrant or process whatsoever, shall be calling, deemed thereby to follow or exerclfeany calling or employment, or to have a sufficient support and ma.ntenance, within the intent and meaning of this act.

XLV. And forasmuch as great incovcniencies may happen by bn- prejfwg men during the time of harvest, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Labourer?, day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, un having proper till the twenty-fifth day of October following, no harvest labourer, liable Voor person working at hay harvest or corn harvest work, within the he imported time aforesaid, within the kingdom of Great Britain, shall be from May 15, imprefied by virtue of this act, but shall ba'ttee and exempted to from the same during the time aforesaid; they have a certificate under the lunds of the minister, and of one church

*32

Commission cisior executing this at \ % iihin the caitieof York.

oorntniflion ers for ex cuting th s ad in thrtap wood.

Officer not attending to receive i reruns, of may adjourn, ant order the detention ot tr>e i id pit fit d men.

Notice of adjournment to be given to officers at tending xhis fervict, etc.

Officer to pay subsistence money for every recruit,

and incidental charges.

Continuance of this act.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53. [1778.

warden or overseer of the poor, or elders, of the oarish or place where they live, allowed under the hand and seal of one justice of the peace of the same county, Shire, stewartry, riding, city, or place; fthich certificate shall be given gratis.

XLVI. And for the more easy and better putting this act in ext cut'wiy be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any three or more of for putting this act in execution in the several ridings of the county of Tor, (being justices of the peace), though not all of the same riding, may, within the castle of York, or limits thereof, execute the powers of this act.

XLVII. And whenas diverse foldierwho have deserted his ma icjlf s service, have been harboured in a certain place called threap wood, lying within or near the counties 0/chester and Flint, or one of them, and adjoining to the town of Cuddington in the said county i/'chcfhrr; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thar the of hereby appointed for the county of Chester, and the officers of the said town of cuddington, fnalh execute this act in the said place called 7hrcopwood9 according to the true intent and meaning thereof.

XLVI

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if at any of the meetings of the of by this act appointed in any of their subdivisions, they shall not be attended by some proper officer appointed for the receiving of recruits, cither through negligence or any unavoidable accident, then, and in that case, it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said of to adjourn themselves to some other convenient day, and they are hereby authorised to give directions for detaining in custody all such persons as shall have been then brought before them by the parish officers to be enlisted, or such of them as they shall think duly qualified for his majesty's service; and the said of shall give notice to any of the officers attending on this service, in the county or place where such subdivisions shall lye, of the day of such adjournment; and the said officer is hereby required, either to attend himself, or to appoint some other officer to attend such of, and to receive such persons as the said of shall enlist into his majesty's service; and the officers so receiving the recruits flvall pay, to such per Tonne as the of shall appoint, sixpence per diem for the fubliflence of every recruit then enlisted, from day of the.last meeting of the of to the said day of adjournment, the same to be charged to the account of the several regiments or companies into which the said recruits shaft be enlisted, together with such charges and expenses as shall appear to the said of to have been incurred on account of the detaining the find persons, from the day of the former meeting of the said of to the day of such second meeting, not exceeding three pounds.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act, and everything herein contained, shall be and continue in force until the end of the next session of parliament,

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53. 133

L And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Form pre the several entries which the of of the land tax are

by this al required to make, of the names and descriptions of tties' pupliant all volunteers, and also of all impressed men, together with the to this act. other particulars herein before directed, be made according to the form hereunto annexed.

Height. d scrip. tic a of the Re. cruits. For V -- hit C run prukj. For what Co: p' entered vo luuunly. m C a Officer v>hol rccei V CI or retutrd the J Recruit, and; on what Day. 1

Recruit's Name.'Ejt 1 I laches, j i' 03 3 1? IL c r C Or whn Grounds rctuud.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 54. [1778.

CAP. LIV.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain Turn of money out of the linking (upd; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service.of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight? nd for further appropriating the supplies granted in this (eflion of parliament; and for carrying to the aggregate fun a sum of moncry which hath arisen by the two sevenths exede.

[Preamble.]

1.156, 1091. is. 8d. 1 q. granted out of the sinking fund, for the: trvice of the current year to be issued by the treasury accordingly. Treasury empowered to rale the said (urn, or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the sinking lund: Alt persons who Dull lend any money upon the credit of this act to have a tally of loan, 'with orders lor iepavment of the money, with interest. Orders to be re gillered in course. No undue preference to be given in payment. No see to be taken, on foilcituie of treble damages, with full costs. Penalty of undue preference in point of regdtery or payment. Auditor, C neglecting his duty, liable for damages, C to be recovered at Westminster. No undue preference in the regiilcring, where orders are brought the same day; nor it subsequent orders are paid before others not brought in cdurfe, so as money be rdeived lor the pieceding orders. Power of alignment, and method of transferring of orders. If it shall be judged more advise able, the treasury may raise the said sum by exchequer bills iostead of loans i and te bills in such case to be made in the manner prescribed by the land rax act of this session. All advantages and penalties in the land tax act of this session, relating to loans or exchequer bills thereby authorised to be made forth, extended to this act. The said exchequer bills, interest, and charges, are to be paid out of the sinking fund. flank authorised to lend to hi lyiajfttyr the lum of 1, 296, 209l. is. 8d. halfpenny: notwithstanding an act of 5 & 6 Gul. & Mariac. The sum of 703, 790l. 18 s. 3 d. halfpenny, surplus of the sinking fund: and 4, 976l. 1 s. id. halfpenny, remaining in the exchequer on April 5, 1778; and 46, 8151. remaining of the deductions of 6d. in the pound upon all, salaries, C from the crown; and, 9211, 3s. 10d. savings from the pay of his Majesty's national tioops; and 17, 690l. sayings from the pay of sundry regiments;

'and Inch moneys as shall be paid into the exchequer between April 5. 17781 and April 5, 1779, of the produce of the duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabic; shall be applied towards making good the supply. The moneys aiifing by the land tax, malt tnx, lottery aft, loans, (1, 500, 000l.) further Joans, (500, 0001.) vote of credit, and 703.790i, 18s. 3d. halfpenny, remaining in the exchequer on Ap il 5, 1778, of the surplusics of the sinking fund; and 4 976 1 17 s. id. halfpenny, remaining in the exchequer on April 5, 1778; and 46, 825b remaining of the deductions of 6d. in tilt pound upon all salaries, See. and 37, 911 I. 3 s. lod. savings out of the pay of the national troops; and 27.690l. sayings out of the pay of sundry regiments of foot; and such moneys as shall be paid into the exchequer betwem April 5, 1778, and April 5, 1779, of the produce of the duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabic; and 1, 196, 209b is. 8d. halfpenny, by this act granted, out of the excesses, CC nnpofing the sinking fund; together with the money arising from the sale of French prizes taken before the declaration of war; and also such sums of money as his Majesty shall direct to be applied to the public service, which shall arise out of the sale of the ced d iihnds in the West Indies: shall be applied to the uses following;: 3.097, 895b 16s. towards naval services; 'i, oooo, ooool. towards paying off dnl difctiarging the debt of the navy: 4000l. to the royal hospital for fed.mu at Greenwich, C 382, 816 b is. 8d. for the charges of the office ot otd nance; 300, 4.83 b 13 s. od for the charges of the office of ordnance not provided fqr in 1777: 4, 8; 3 666b 15s. nd. halfpenny, towards maintaining the land forces of which 634.24.0l 38. ud. for defraying the charges of 10.057 effective men, C and 3113 invalids for guards, C in Great Britain, See 960.843b 18$. qkb for forces and garrisons in Africa, ice, 51, 913 b is. 6 d. to make good the difference of pay between the Bri

*35

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 55.

tish and Irish establishment of troops serving in America*71, 473l. 18 s. 6d. halfpenny, for general and general staff officers in Great Britain: 56, 0741. 19 s. 46- halfpenny, for five Hanoverian battalions at Gibraltar and Minorca, and for provisions for three of the said battalions at Gibraltar, for the year 1778: 367, 1031. 98. rod. for 13, 471 troops of Hesse Cassel, C 35, 4411. 19s. i. halfpenny, for two regiments of Hanau, C 1, 6451. 17s. id. to make good a deficiency of a vote of lait session*8s d. q fora regiment of Waldeck, C 93, 9471. 15s 8d. for 4, 300 Brunswickers, Sec. 34, 0071.1s. nd. fer 1, 141 troops of bran debourgh Anfpach* 47, 1601. 13s. 3d for provisions for foreign troops serving in America: 17, 3791.10s. 8d, for defraying the charge of artillery for foreign troops for 1778: 186, 6311. 14s. 6d. for augmentations of his Majesty's forces, from their commencements, C 90, 939]. 15 s. to the reduced officers of the land forces and marines: 7111. d. to the two troops ot horse guards reduced, See. 1381. for pensions to officers widows, Sec05, 4311. 15s. 5d. to the outpenlioners of Chelsea Hospital: 18, 8951. 5s. ad. for augmentations of the forces: 80, 3191. 14s. id. for augmentations of the forces, from March 15, to Dec. 14, 17781 401, 6111.9 s. for the embodied militia from March 16, to Dec. 14, 1778: 37, 559 k 7*. 6d. for militia cloaching for 1778: 45, 608k is. for three regiments to be raised in North Britain, from April 15, to Dec. 14, 1778: 18, 071l. 11s. for infantry, cof Anhalt Zerbft: 1, 406, 913 k is. 4d. 1 q. towards extraordinary expenses of the land forces, See. not provided for: 1 500, 000 k for discharging exchequer bills of last session: i, oooo, ooook for paying off the exchequer bills of last session: 19, 100k to make good to his Majesty the like sum issued in pursuance of the addreffts of the house of commons: 3, 100 k for the civil establishment of the island of st.john: 1, 8661. for the civil establishment of Georgia: 4, 7011. 10s. 5d. for supporting the civil establishment of Nova Scotia: 4, 950k for the civil establishment of East Florida: 4, 9001 for the civil establishment of West Florida 1, 371l. for defraying expenses attending surveys in North America 13, 000! for maintaining the British sorts, con the coatt of Africa*5.550 I. for supporting the civil establishment of Senegambia: 105, 117k 8s, 3d. for the expenses of recoining the deficient gold coin: 6, 998k 11s. don account of new roads, See. in the highlands of Scotland: 56, 680). as. 6d. for the relief of American civil officers, C 6 400 k to Mr. Moore, for his trouble in compiling a general index to the journals: 3, 000 k to the Rev., Mr. Forlter, fdr his trouble in compiling a general index to the journals: 3, 000k to the Rev. Dr. Flcxman, for ditto; 500k to Mr. Cunningham, for ditto: 9, 075 k 3 s. <iid. to mike good to his Majesty the like Aim issued to Duncan Campbell, for the expense of confining, See. convicts on the Thames: 43, 6111. 10s. 9d. halfpenny, to the linking fuhd, to make good the deficiency on July 5, 1777, Sec. and 38.493k as. 7d. halfpenny, to make good the defi.iency of grants for the service of the year 1777.. The said aids to be applied only to ibe uses before mentioned. Rules to be observed in the application of the half-pay. By aft 17 Geo. 3. a sum not exceeding 93, 616k 8 s. 4d. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers. Overplus moneys, above satisfying laid officers, to be disposed of to officers who were maimed, Sec. in the late wars, or to officers widows and children, as his Majesty shall direct. 31, 154k 17 s. 8d.: q. remaining in the exchequer of the two seventtis excile, to be carried to the aggregate fund.

CAP. LV.

An act to permit the exportation of certain goods, directly from Ireland, into any British plantation in America, or any British /}/ tlenient on th^coajlof Africa; and for further encouraging the 'fisheries and navigation of Ireland.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the encouragement of trade, it is amongst other things, emitted. That,

[Preamble.]

Act 15 Car. 1 recited.

136

After June4,

*77'o, ail

ciods, the produce or inctniitaltuie or Jroiand, (except wool, and woolfbn and cotton inanu failure si hats, glass, hops, gunpowder, and coals)! may be exported from thence dirttly to America, or the coait of A t rica: and all British goods, (except woollen manufactures and glai*)i and aho ad foreign certificate goods.

Mailer of the 'vessel export ing goods as abovementioned, to po diue a proper cfmficai* to the collector, etc of the colioms at te port of hu arrival

and deliver an invoice of the particulars of tus lading.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 55. f 1778.

from and after the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand six hundred and sixty four, no commodity of the growth, production, or manufacture of Europe, shall be imported into any land, island, plantation, colony, territory, or place, to his Majesty belonging, or which shall hereafter belong unto, or be in the possession of, his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in Asia, Africa, or America. (Tangier only excepted), but what shall be bona fide, and without fraud, laden and shipped in England, Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed: and inherent it is thought proper to allow the exportation of goods, (except as herein asur excepted) directly from the kingdom of Ireland, to the British plantations in America, or into any of the [ettlements belonging to Great Britain on the coast of Africa; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, it shall and may be lawful to export from the kingdom of Ireland, directly into any of the British plantations in America, or the West Indies, or into any of the settlements belonging to Great Britain on the coast of Africa, in ships or vessels which may lawfully trade to and from those pkces, any goods, wares, ard merchandise, being the produce or manufacture of Ireland, (wool and woollen manufacture in all its branches mixed or unmixed, cotton manufactures of all sorts mixed or unmixed, hats, glass, hops, gunpowder, and coals, only excepted); and all goods and Commodities of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain, which have been or may be legally imported from thence into the said kingdom of Ireland, (woollen manufactures in all its branches, and glass excepted); and all foreign certificate goods, which have been or may be legally imported from Great Britain into Irelandany law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the matter, or person having the charge of every ship or vessel exporting any such goods from Ireland to the said plantations or settlements, shall, upon his arrival there, produce to the collector or other principal officers of the customs, or other public officer at the port or place where he shall arrive, a certificate, under the hands and seal of office of the collector and comptroller of the customs of the port in Ireland where he took in his lacting, that oath had been made before them, by the exporter of such goods (which oath they are hereby authorised to administer), that the goods mentioned ip such certificate are bona fide of the produce or manufacture of Ireland; or that the same are of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain, which had been legally imported from thence into Ireland; or that they are foreign certificate goods, which had been legally imported from Great Britain into Ireland, (as the case may be?); and shall also deliver an invoice of the particulars of his lading to such officers, in the manner directed.

X

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 55.

by an act of parliament, made in the third and fourth years of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Qft to permit the exportation Irish linen cloth to the plantations, at\d to prohibit the importation of Scotch linen into Ireland; and shall in all other respects, not altered by this act, comply with the regulations prescribed by the said recited act, or any other law now in force in this kingdom, resppding ships trading to the said plantations or settlements; otherwise such ships, and the goods laden on board thereon, shall be subject and liable to the same penalties and forfeitures as if this act had not been made.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to permit the exportation from the said kingdom of Ireland to any of the places aforesaid of any foreign linens, whether the same be white or brown, or cheeked, or painted, stained, or dyed, in the said kingdom of Ireland.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing herein before contained shall extend, or be courtrued to extend, to any bar iron, to iron slit, rolied, plated, or tinned, nor to any sort of manufactured iron wares, until a duty of two pounds ten Shillings per tonne, on such bar iron, and also a dutvof three pounds three Shillings and eleven pence Irijk, per tonne, on such flit, rolied, plated, or tinned iron, and manufactured iron wares, exported from Ireland to he British colonics or plantations in America, or to any of the settlements belonging to Great Britain on the coast of Africa, shall be imposed by some act or acts of parliament to be made in the kingdom of Ireland \ and that then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful, from and after the commencement of, and during the continuance of, such respective duties, but no longer, to export any such iron or iron wares from the said kingdom of Ireland directly to any British colony or plantation in America, or to any settlement belonging to Great Britain on the coast of Africa, in any ship or vessel that may lawfully trade thither, subject to the regulations herein before mentioned; anything in this act, or in any other ad, to the contrary not with (landing.

V Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any bounty or premium shall be granted of allowed in Ireland, on the exportation of such iron or iron wares from thence to the said British colonies or plantations, or to any settlement belonging to Great Britain on the coall of Africa then, and in such case, the liberty herein before given to export such iron and iron wares thither directly from Ireland, shall, during the continuance of such bounty or premium, cease and determine; and such iron and iron wares shall, in all respects, be subject to the like restrictions and regulations, penalties and forfeitures, as such goods were and would be liable to if this act had not been made.

VI. Provided always, and it'is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no cotton manufactures of any kind, whether mixed or unmixed, shall be prermitted to be exported

Proviso relan ing to foreign linens.

This act not to extend to bar*iron, or iron wares, till certain duties are, laid thereon by the i<i(u parliament.

If any bounty (h 411 be granted in Ireland on the exporta, tien of such iron or iron wares, then the liberty grained by this act to cease, etc.

No cotton manufactures to be exported from Ireland to America

*38

etc without a proper certificate from'some customhouse in Great Britain

on forfeiture of the goods.

The liberty hereby granted of exporting Irish mall u I assure*, etc. not to take place till duties are laid thereon equivalent to those on the same manufactures, etc. in Great Britain.

Recital of i5geo.3.c.]i.

and 16 Geo. 3. P 47-

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 55, [1778.

ported from the said kingdom of Ireland to any of thq places aforesaid, unless the person or persons exporting the same shall produce and deliver a certificate properly authenticated frotp the customhouse of some port or ports in Great Britain, particularising the quantities, kinds, and marks, of such cotton manufactures, and specifying that such goods have been legally exported from Great Britain: and in case any cotton manufactures shall be offered to be exported from the said kingdom of zr/ land to any of the places aforesaid, without such certificate, or which on examination shall not correspond with the marks, numbers, and descriptions, contained in such certificate, all such manufactures shall be forfeited and seized, and appropriated, one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and tnafled. That the liberty hereby granted of exporting goods and merchandise, the manufacture of Ireland, to the places herein befofle mentioned, shall not take place except in such cases as the said goods and merchandise now do, or hereafter shall, stand chargeable and pay duties and taxes, to as great an amount as goods and merchandise of the same denomination and quality exported from Great Britain to such places now stand chargeable with, (whether the said charges be on the importation of the materials of which the said, goods and merchandise are made, or by duties on the exportation of the same, or by inland excise not drawn back or compensated for by bounties).

VIII. And whereas by an act, made in the fifteenth+year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for the encouragement of the fisheries carried on from Great Britain and Ireland, and the British dominions in Europe; and for securing the return of the fishermen, sailors, and others employed in the said fisheries, to the ports thereof, at the end of the fishing season); it is amongst other things provided and emitted. That no bounty shall be allowed or paid for any ship or vessel employed as therein mentioned, by virtue of the said or any former att of parliament, unless the whole and entire property of such ship or vessel shall belong to some of his Majesty's subjects residing in that part of his Majesty r dominions from whence such ship or vessel shall be respectively fitted and cleared out: and whereas by another att, made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for the further encouragement of the whale blhery carried on from Great Britain and Ireland, ard the British dominions in Europe; and for regulating the fees to be taken by the officers of the customs in the istand of Newfoundland); it is among, fl other things provided and enacted, That no bounty shall be allowed or paid for any ship which, from and after the first day ef August, one thousand seven hundred and je verity six, shall be fitted out and employed in the whale fishery, in pursuance of the said att, unless the whole and entire property of such ship or vessel shall belong to some of his Majesty's subjects residing in that pari of his Majesty's dominions from whence fitch ship or vessel shall be re jpettively fitted and cleared out \ which said piovijocs have been found

*39

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 56.

prejudicial, inasmuch as they prevent any co partnership between his Majesty's subjects residing in Great Britain, and his Majesty's jub jells residing in Ireland, for carrying on the said fjhcries; be it therefore declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said bounties shall and maybe allowed and paid for any ship or vessel, being the property of his majesty's subjects residing in Great Britain or Ireland, employed in the said whale fisheries, which, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, shall befitted and cleared out frojn any port in Great Britain or Ireland, pursuant to the directions of those acts, or any other act of parliament now in force, although the whole and entire property of such ship or vessel hall not belong to some of his majesty's subjects residing in that part of his majesty's dominions, from whence such ship or vessel shall be fitted and cleared out; anything in the said recited acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, all ships and vessels whatsoever built in Ireland, and owned by his majesty's subjects residing in any part of the British dominions in Europe, shall be deemed british built, and shall be entitled to the like privileges and advantages in all respects as ships built in Great Britain; and all ships and vessels belonging to any of his majesty's subjects residing in Ireland, and not jbritish bmt, shall be entitled to the same privileges and advantages in all parts of his majesty's dominions as ships belonging to his majesty's subjects residing in Great Britain, and not British or irish built, are entitled to.

CAP. LVI.

An act to permit the importation of cot tonne yarn, the manufacture of Ireland, into this kingdom duty free.

WHEREAS by an ot7, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, A subsidy granted to the King of tonnage and poundage, and other fuens of money, payable upon merchandise exported and imported, a duty was mposed upon all cotton yarn imported into England: and whereas it is expedient that cotton yarn, of the manufacture of Ireland, Should be imported into Great Britain duty free', be it therefore enacted by the king's rhoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in ihis present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Thar, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, no subsidy, custom, duty, or other imposition whatsoever, shall be demanded, received, or taken, upon any cotton yam of the manufacture of Ireland, which shall be imported directly from thence into Great Britain $ provided the mailer, or person having the charge of

The bounties in the recited acts mentioned shall be paid for all, vessels the property of his majesty's subjects in Great Britain or Ireland.

After June t 1778, all Arps built in Ireland, and owned by his Majesty's European subjects, to be deemed bri tifli'built, etc.

[Preamble.]

Act 17. Car. C recited.

After June 14, tt78, cotton yarn, of the manufacture of Ireland, may be imported into

HO Great Britain duty free; the matter of the veltd bringing with Dim a proper certificate from the officers of the pott where the goods were put on (ward, etc.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 57, 58. [1778.

the ship or vessel importing the same, shall bripg with him a certificate or certificates from the chief officer or officers of the port or place in Ireland where such goods shall be put on board, expressing the marks, number, tale, or weight, of the goods in each bale or package mentioned in the bill or bills of lacting, with the name or names, place or places of abode, of the exporter or exporters from Ireland, and the name or names, place or places of abode, of such other person or persons that shall have sworn the goods therein mentioned to have been bona fide of the manufacture of Ireland, without fraud or covin, and where and to whom the faipe are consigned in this kingdom; and the matter, or person having the charge of the ship or vessel in which such cotton yarn shall be imported, shall also, upon his arrival, make oath, before the collector, or other principal officer of the customs, St the port of importation, (which oath such col!eftor? or other principal officer of the customs, is and are hereby respectively authorised to administer), that the said bales, pareels, and goods therein contained, are the same bales, pareels, and goods, which were taken on board, by virtue of the said certificate or certificates so to be produced \ any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LVII.

An act for raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the lei vice of the year one thoulaml seven hundred and feveuty ei^ht.

[Preamble.]

Commissioners of the treasur/ may raise 500, 000l. by loans and exchequer bills, before Jan. 5, 1779, in manner as by the land tax act of this fess1011 is prescribed, etc. i'he ciaules in the said act relating to loans or bills, extended to this act. Exchequer bills so issued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6; 1779. Action not to lie for such retufal. Money so raised to be repaid out of the next parliamentary aid \ and if none be granted before July 5, 1779, to chatgtd on the linking fond. Moneys lo issued to be replaced out of the fit it supplies. Bank of England authorised to advance the said sum on the credit of this act9at 5^6 Gul. & Marie notwithstanding.

CAP. LVIII.

An act to explain and amend so much of an made in the fourth

year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the preventing the ciandejline conveyance cf sugar and panelcs from the Britilfi colonies and plantations in America into Great Britain.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, by an all made in the fourth year of the reign, C of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for granting Qcr

reciied/0 3 tain ^uties, n british colonies and plantations in America \ for continuing, amending, and making perpetual, an act passed in the (ixih year of the reign of his late umjetty King George the Second, intituled An act for the beltir securing and encouraging the trade of his Mfefifs sugar colonies in America; for applying the produce of such duties, and of the duties to arise by virtue

1778j Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 5$. <4<.

of the said act, towards defraying the expenses of defending protecting, nd securing, the ("aid colonies and plantations; for 1

explaining an at, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland trades, ahdfor the better securing the plantation trade; and for altering and disallowing several drawbacks on exports from this kingdom, and more eflfedtually preventing the clandestine conveyance of goods to and from the said colonies and plantations, and improving and securing the trade Certain affida between thetame and Great Britain;)it was amongst other things, ts wer to be enacted That., from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, she'com^ck, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, every person or persons, etc. by all per loading on board any ship or vessel, in any of the British colonics or Tonne Shipping plantations in America, any rum or spiritsfsugars or paneles, melasses any'l, gars or or syrups, as of the growth, product, or manufacture, of any British colony or plantation, jheuld, before the clearing out of the said ship or colonies in Vessel, produce and deliver to the colie Clpr, or other principal officer America. the customs, at the loading port, an affidavit to prove the said rum or spirits, sugars or panties, melasses or Jyrups, to be the growth, produce,

or manufacture, of the said colonies or plantations, in the manner directed by the said act; and that such collector, or other principal officers of the customs, should, within thirty days after the sailing of the ship or vessel, transmit an exact copy of the said affidavit to the secretary's office for the respective colony or plantation where the goods were shippedy on forfeiture of five pounds, to be recovered in the manner V directed by the said act: and whereas by another act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, so much of the said act as related to melasses or Jyrups Bas been repealed: and whereas the re jlrictions and regulations, prescribed by the said act of the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, have been found inffficient to Prevent the importation of foreign sugar and paneles into this king After March dom; for remedy whereof, may it please your Mfiejly that it may be ile^or enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, etc. flnll.with by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and in 30 days temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, after sailing of and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, the cen^y of the collector, or ofher principal officer of the customs, to whom affidavit to the such affidavit shall be produced and delivered, shall (without see secretary's or reward,) within thirty days after the sailing of the ship or ofijce ior the vessel, transmit one exact copy of the said affidavit, to the fecre cp pny*tary's office, for the respective colony or plantation where the copy^ve jti sugar or paneles, referred to in the said affidavit, were shipped; dices.ere.ot arfd shall also, within the like space of thirty days, transmit an th parish other exaeft copy of such affidavit to the j unices and vestry of thehce the parish and parishes, precinct or precincts, where the said sugar ar grew or paneles grew, or were produced and manufactured, on the penalty of forfeiting fifty pounds for every such omiitbn and ^1.** y neglect.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Penalty on in case any justice of the peace of the said colonies or plantations

shall,

14* fore they are properly authenticated.

After March

779>sugar or paneles imported into Great Britain from America, without a proper certificate, hall pay duties as foreign sugar, etc.

Penalties to be sued for, etc. in the same manner as those mentioned in the before recited act.

[Preamble.]

A*3. recited.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 59. [1778.

shall, from and after the said first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, subscribe his name to any paper or parchment writing, purporting to be an affidavit for the purpose directed by the said act of the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, unless the person or persons, purporting to make such affidavit, shall actually appear before him, and be sworn upon the holy evangelists to the truth of the said affidavit, that then, and in every such case, every such justice of the peace shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of fifty pounds.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, if any sugar or paneles shall be imported into Great Britain, from any British colony or plantation in America, without, or shall not be included in, the certificate required in and by the said act of the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, that then, and in either such case, all such sugar and paneles shall be deemed and taken to be foreign sugar and paneles, and shall be liable to the same duties, restrictions, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, in all respects, as sugars and paneles of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of any French colony or plantation would be respectively liable to by law; anything in the said recitej act, or any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the several penalties herein before mentioned shall be sued for, had, recovered, di ftributqd, and disposed of, in such and the same manner, to all intents and purposes, as the several penalties mentioned in the said before mentioned act, of the fourth year of the reign of hi present Majesty, are in and by the said act directed to be sued for, had, recovered, distributed, and disposed of.

CAP. LIX.

An act to amend and render more effectual the laws relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; and to establish certain regulations with respect to officers crying in the corps of fencible men directed to be raised in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other corps therein mentioned.

WHEREAS // j of the utmost importance to the internal defence of this country, in times of war and danger of inva(ion, that the militia /i)ould be kept up as complete as possible: And whereas by an afi, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesh, intituled An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the several laws now in being relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; it is (amongst other things) enacted, That all such militia men, whose times of service in the militia shall be near expiring, dating the time the regiment, battalion, or independent company, in which

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 59. 143

which they served, hall be embodied and absent from the county, ridings or place, to which they belong, shall be returned, by the commanding officer of such regiment, battalion, or independent company,

/* A county y riding, placessor which they fervt, so as that they

may reach the f 'aid county by the expiration oj their term; but no provision is made for the immediate supply of others in the place of such militia men so returned as aforesaid, the want of which, in actual itruafion, immediate danger thereof might be of the utmost detriment to the public Jafety: and whereas it would not only greatly promote the public service, but be of much ease and advantage also to such persons as may be chosen by lot for such corps of militia as may be at a defiance from home, and to others, who may be willing to serve as substitutes for the same, if such persons, whose times shall be near expiring, were to be engaged to continue as substitutes for such as may be chosen by lot, as aforesaid; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That Directions'for whenever any corps of militia shall be embodied and absent from cortunanding the county, riding, or place, to which it belongs, the command ^hemditta'i*1 ing officer of such corps shall apply to every man whose time embodied, and shall be within four months of expiring, and who in his judge at a distance ment shall be fit to serve, and inquire if he be willing to continue from home, his service for a further term of three years, and for what sum or price he shall be so willing to continue it, if required; and also that the commanding officer of every corps, during such time as the same shall be embodied, and at a difiance from home, as aforesaid, shall, on the first day of January, March, May July September, and November, respectively, or as soon after as conveniently may be, transmit to the clerk of the general meeting List of private of the county or riding to which his corps shall belong, a list of all such private militia men in the said corps whom, upon ap f^nce, to be plication made as aforesaid, he shall find willing to renew their transmitted to service as aforesaid; in which list shall likewise be set down the the clerk of ftim for which he shall be so willing to renew and continue his the '

service as aforesaid; which list shall be signed by the militia men mccun$* so contenting as aforesaid, and be made in th$following form;

144 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 59. [1778.

dated the day of

Name of the County. Names of the Men actually ierving. ifstibftifufe*, for whom they ierve. Of tjic Parish of I ft the H undred of Time of his Service expire on the Engages to serve 5 Years longer if required, for the Sum of Signature of Lonfent.

al. CD P. H. \ ABE.

r. 1. E.F.

G.K. L M. R. N. t # CK.

who shall transmit duplicates to the clerks of the subdivision meetings:

Seven day after which, subdivision meetings shall be held.

Business to be done at those meetings.

and that such signature as aforesaid shall be binding and conclusive, to all intents and purposes, on the person so figriing as aforesaid.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the clerk of the general meeting shall transmit to each clerk of the several subdivision meetings respectively, duplicates or copies of such parts of the said lists as contain the names of such persons as serve for the paristies, town ships, or places, within such respective subdivisions; the clerk of each subdivision meeting respectively shall, on receipt thereof, forthwith give seven days notice for a subdivision meeting to be held, at which the whole number, whose rhymes shall expire within four months of the date of the said lists, shall be chosen by lot, or otherwise supplied, according to the Statutes in that case made and provided; and the deputy lieutenants or justices present at the subdivision meeting, when the men so chosen shall attend to be sworn and enrolled, shall acquaint each man who shall be chosen for any parish, township, or place, in the said subjivision, if there be any of those who are at that time serving for the same, who are willing to continue his or their service as substiture or substitutes for the next three years, after the expiration of his or their present term of service, and also with the price or prices for which he or they are willing so to continue the same; and the person or persons chosen as aforesaid shall declare whether he or they be willing to give the prices which shall appear, by the lists aforesaid, to be agreed to be taken by the persons then serving, who shall have signed their consents as above directed; and such persons as are willing so to

give

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 59. 145

give the Turns To set down as aforesaid, shall signify their consent thereto, and shall forthwith pay, into the hands of the deputy lieutenants or justices, such Turn or sums as (land respectively in the said lists against the names so subscribed as aforesaid > sum or Turns of money shall be, by the Taid deputy lieutenants or justices, remitted to the commanding offidbf of the corps of militia, and be by him paid to such persons respectively as shall have engaged to Jjerve as abovementioned, who, on the receipt thereof, shall be sworn and enrolled as is herein after directed: Jodjce to ad and that it shall and may be lawful for any justice of the peace om ulti* for the county, riding, city, division, or place, where such re mcn>^to giment, battalion, or independent company, shall happen to be, certify the to administer the oath to every such militia man; and such ju same ftice is hereby required to certify such oath, under his hand and seal, to the commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or independapt company, according to the form herein after directed; which certificate shall be good and valid to all intents and purposes, as if the person so sworn had been enrolled.

Form CERTIFICATE.

shire, 1 A.B. of the parish of C in the county of I). hired as a Form of certo tvit. J substitute to serve in the militia for E. F. of the parish tiiicate. of G. in the county of H. came this day before me J. K. one of his Mojejifs justices of the peace for the county of and took and subscribed the following

oath; videlicet,

I A.B. do sincerely promise and futear, that I will be faithful and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George, his heirs andfuc cessors \ and I do swear that lam a protestant and that I will faiths fully serve in the militia within the kingdom of Great Britain for the defence of the famey during the time which I am so certified for, unless lam sooner discharged.

So help me GOD.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, In counties That m all counties where the number of men is sufficient to ^.g^i^two form two companies only, theeldeft captain shall rank as major, companies but shall only be intrtled to the pay of captain; and no clerk the eldest cap shall be allowed where the number of men is sufficient to form tain to rank as only one or two companies, but the receiver-general shall pay ma)or>ctc* the money necessary for such number of men to the commanding officer of such company or companies, who shall account with him for the same.

IV. And whereas, by the laws now in being for raiseng and training Acceptance oc the militia, within that part Great Britain called England, it is acommission provided that the acceptance of a commission in the said militia hall jj* not vacate the seat of any member returned to serve.in parliament: raen ntied, and whereat his Majesty has thought proper, for the more effectual or to be raised,

by

146 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 59. [1779.

in Great Bn protection and internal defend of that part of Great Britain called th*n, ffil which Scotland, to direct that fencible men; in fevered of the shires in that shalfnotbe Part f united kingdom, Should be forthwith raised and embodied:

entitled to and whereas officers, serving in any of the said corps of fencible men, half pay, etc. will not, by virtue of such service, be entitled to receive half-pay, or thereof to ave anp ran*after the said corps shall be dismissed notvacatea Qn^ disembodied, but will befimiiar to, and as near as may be on the seat in parlia same footing with officers serving in the militia rf England: and tntau whereas his Majesty may think proper to grant commissions to officers

to raie corps for the defence of this country, the officers of which corps may likewise not be entitled to receive half pay, or to hold any rank in the army, after the said corps shall be reduced and disembodied; be it enacted and declared, That the acceptance of a commission in any corps of fencible men, raised or to be raised in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or in any other corps which his Majesty may authorise and direct to be raised in any part of Great Britain, in which the officers shall not be entitled to half-pay, or to any rank in the army, after the reduction of the said corps, shall not, nor shall be construed to vacate the seat of any member returned to serve in parliament.

Officers in V And whereas it is necessary to ascertain the rank to bt held by ue raised the officers of certain corps raised, or to be raised, within that part of cibie^n^and *reat Britain called Scotland, called fencible men, or of any other militia^fficers, arps f men which may be raised within Great Britain, wherein to rank ac % officers shall not be entitled to rank or half pay, except during the 'cording to time of the actual service of such corps, with respect to the officers of

femority. militia of that part Great Britain called England, during the

time that the officers of such corps, and of the militia, shall serve together; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the officers of such corps ancnulihe militia, of equal degree, shall rank according to the date of their respective commissions. Lord lieute

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where nanr, in cera battalion of militia is commanded by a lieutenant colonel, tain cases, may w (ha]j have been commandant of the same for five years or commission to ln8er> lt b.c. lawful for the lord lieutenant of the county, a lieutenant riding, or place, to which such militia shall belong, with the colonel. consent of his Majesty, to give to such lieutenant colonel commandant a commission of colonel, anything in any act of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

No quarter

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore maiter, fur said. That no person, serving as quarter master, surgeon, or son^terk to ^>atta*ln dark, in the militia, shall, from the time of passing this be promoted abe appointed to any other commission in the militia, higher higher than a than that of a lieutenant, during the time he acts as such, lieutenant. though he (hold have such qualification as the law requires for such higher commission.

Commanding

VIII. And whereas, in and by the said recited act, it is (among(i officer, with other things) enabled. That when the militia of any county, riding, or of lewd*Should be ordered out into actual service, it Jfmdd and might b lieutenant, etc. lawful for the captain of any company of militia to augment his com may accept of pony, by incorporating, with the consent of his filajeft/s lieutenant,

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 59. 147

or in the absence of his Majesty's lieutenant with the consent of two volunteers, to or more of the deputy lieutenants any number of persons who Should rated^nto the offer themselves as volunteers and who Should appear to him to be other Compa juffiaently trained and disciplined* and provided with proper clothes nies, or to arms and accoutrements, and who Should take the oath and perform form a the other ah therein prescribed; be it further enacted by the au company thority a sore fa id. That it shall and may be lawful for the commanding officer, with the consent of his majesty's lieutenant, 0 % in the absence of his majesty's lieutenant, with the consent of any two or more of the deputy lieutenants, to accept a number of volunteers to serve in the said militia, either to be incorporated into the other companies, or to be formed into a distinct company, In which latter case commissions may be granted by his majesty's lieutenant to officers legally qualified to command the same.

IX. Provided always, That the number of volunteers in any Number of battalion shall not exceed the number of men contained in any volunteers in one company of the said battalion; and though such volunteers to exceed (hold not be provided with proper clothes, arms, and accou the number of trements, upon the representation of his majesty's lieutenant, or mtn in one of two or more of the deputy lieutenants, such volunteers shall company of haye the same allowance, with regard to pay, arms, clothes, and the same*ctc# accoutrements, as militia men are by law entitled to, during the

time of their continuing in actual service.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That officers intit no person who is entitled to half-pay shall be deemed or taken tonne

to forfeit or quit such half-pay, during the time he shall serve as forfeit the'a lieutenant or ensign in any regiment, battalion, or independent same by fcrv company of militia, but that the same shall nevertheless conti lns 88 l'cut< nue; and, instead of the bath now appointed, such officer shall take the following oath; militia.

I A.B. do swear That I bad not between the Oath to be

any place or employment of profit civil or military t^cn by luc under his Majesty besides my allowance of naif pay as a reduced 0 ccrl* in late regiment of

(or allowance as in

late troop of horse guards or regiment ofhorfe

reduced) Jave and except my pay as a lieutenant or ensign (as the case may b.c..) for serving in the militia of the county of

And the taking the oath shall be Efficient to entitle such person to receive his half-pay, or the said allowance, without taking any other oath; anything in the said recited act, or any other law, statufc, or usage^to the contrary notwithstanding,

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That When militia at any meeting for any county, city, or town, whose militia shall j? be at that time on actual service, it shall be lawful for any two deputy iieute or more of the deputy lieutenants of such county, city, or town, nants, etc. or for any one deputy lieutenant together with any one justice shall have the of the peace of such county, to have and exercise all the powers f*me pwert

La. copratmcct, ngf'

148 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 59. [1778.

asare vested in conferred, by the said recited act, with respect to the militia, on three deputy any three deputy lieutenants, or any two deputy lieutenants to etcu by he re g, w^h any one justice of the peace, or any one deputy cited a. lieutenant together with any twojustices of the peace, of any county at large, anything in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding; and that the said deputy lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, and justice of the peace or justices of the peace, as aforesaid, shall have a power to adjourn themselves from time to time as they shall see proper.

Explanation

XII. And whereas doubts have arisen whether any principal or of the recited substitute, duly sworn and enrolled, according to the act of the feconi t^militia*men cat /present Majesty, who shall neglect to join the corps t6 which who shall abbe belongs, or who after having joined it shall desert or absent himself icond or de from his duty in the same, before the expiration of the term for which fert. be was so sworn and enrolled, can be taken up and punishea according to law, after the expiration of the three years for which be was so engaged and sworn; it is hereby declared to be the true intent and meaning of, the said act, That every principal, substitute, and volunteer, shall faithfully perform his three years service; and if he shall abscond or desert, or absent himself from his duty in the same, before the expiration of the time for which he was enrolled, whenever he is taken, he shall be subject to be punished for such default or desertion, and shall be obliged to complete the remainder of his three years service as was unexpired at the time of such his default or desertion.

Substitutesde

XIII. And whereas several persons have made a practice of taking wid*vuffcr money to serve* and have deserted, and the pecuniary penalty on such ing military" p*rf<ms in general cannot be levied for want offubjlance, and the alter

Jmnishment, native of six months imprisonment, in the common gaol of the county to erve three which they belong, tends not only to corrupt instead of amending their years from the morals, but is a loss to the public as well as to their families, and also apprehension. a ra ixpence to fab parish as is by law obliged to support suchja milies \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every substitute, sworn and enrolled after passing this act, who shall desert, whenever he shall be taken, over and above such military punishment as shall be inflicted on him, shall serve for and during the space of three years, to be computed from the day on which he was apprehended; and the commanding officer shall order notice to be given, to the clerk of the subdivision in which he is engaged to serve, of his desertion, and the time of his apprehension, that he may make a fresh entry of his name in the roll of the men to serve for such parish, for three years From the time of his apprehension, as aforesaid.

When any

XIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in militiaman case any principal, substitute, or volunteer, shall abscond, desert, deserts, com or absent himself from his duty, and shall not return or betaken ficer to certify n t^le Pace months, that then, upon certificate thereof

the same to* from the commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or in the deputy dependant company, to the deputy lieutenants and justices of the lieutenants, peace of the hundred or division for which such person so ab

etc absconding, deferring, or absenting himself, was so chosen by lot,

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 59. 149

hired, or served as substitute or volunteer; and such deputy "ho shall hold lieutenants and justices of the peace are hereby required to hold a subdivifipn meeting, and to proceed to ballot for another per baiiojfor anson to serve and be returned to the regiment, in the room of such other person person so having absconded, deserted, oi^absented himself; and to serve in his in case such absentee shall at any time return or be taken, he t00*

shall, notwithstanding any person shall be so chosen to serve in his room, be compelled to serve out the remainder of his time, as herein before directed.

XV. And whereas, in order to evade the provisions already made Persons bal by the laws now in being concerning the raising of the militia, per lotted pre fons may pretend to be quakers who are not actually of that persuasion, j5nd'nsto

be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after j^eater the passing of this act, when the lot shall have fallen on any one tificate there being, or pretending to be, one of the people called Quakers, of, signed by no man shall be deemed, taken, and accepted to be a quaker two routable within the meaning of the said recited act, of the second year of tha/per" the reign of his present Majesty, unless he produces, before suasion

deputy lieutenant and justices of the peace at their subdivision meeting, a certificate, under the hand of two or more reputable housekeepers of the people called Quakers, acknowledging him to be one of their persuasion.

XVI. And whereas doubts have arisen whether persons employed Person em in his Majesty's dockyards, are by she said recited act, made in the Pjoyed ui his second year of the reign of his present Majesty, liable to serve, by notlia themselves or substitutes, as militia men; for obviating such doubts, ble to serve as be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or per militia mentons actually employed or muttered in his Majesty's dockyards

shall be compelled to serve personally, or provide a substitute to serve in the militia; anything in the said recited all, or any other law, to the contrary notwithstanding,

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no norhfe efp person actually employed and muttered in his majesty's Service ja

at the Tower of London, Woolwich Warren, the Several gun wharves v\ce\ttbe

at Portsmouth, Ckathan\> Sheerness, and Plymouth, or at the Several Tower, Wool powder mills, powder magazines, or other storehouses belonging wichwarren, to his Majesty, under the direction of the board of ordnance, 8 "n*tc shall be compelled to serve personally or find a substitute in the w, C C militia; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Xyill. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Sergeants who any person who shall have faithfully served as a sergeant in any ^rvld^years one corps of militia for fifteenyears, and who shall be discharged i^any'one from the same, on account of his age or infirmities, during the corps of roi time the corps in which he served shall be in altual service, htia, and dif shall, on the recommendation of the commanding officer of the said corps, and the lord lieutenant and two deputy lieutenants of etcllhail be*the county, riding, or place, to which the said corps belongs, or entitled to exon the death or removal, or in the absence of the lord lieutenant, amination at by the commanding officer and three deputy lieutenants of the cala county, riding, or place, to which the said corps belongs, be Doar, e CL

y

i go

Sergeants on the eltabh'oi.

the militia.

Sergeants of Militia, who for misbehaviour, are re duced to the

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 59. [1778.

entitled to examination at the Chelsea board, and be capable to be placed on the pension of five pence per diem, if the said board shall judge him deserving thereof. rk.

XIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any fc^hospiufat p^rfoki being a sergeant on the establishment of Chelsea Hospital as.aday, being at an allowance of twelve pence a day, and being appointed to appointed to serve in any corps of militia, shall and may receive the said ai fli*11 lowance of twelve pence a day, together with his pay from the receive the said corps of militia; any law, osage, or custom, to the contrary said allowance, thereof notwithstanding.

together with

XX. And be it enacted, That any sergeant of militia (who

their pay in shall, by the commanding officer of his regiment, or by the sentence of a court-martial, be found guilty of mifbsha^ing himself as such, and to have deserved being reduced into the ranks) shall, besides any puni foment so to be inflicted by the court-martial, be obliged to serve in the regiment to which he belongs as a private militia man for the space of one year from the time ranks, shall be of his being so reduced into the ranks, notwithstanding he may obliged to have already served three years before his being appointed a

t her e in^not sergeant.

withstanding

XXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in they may have all counties where the number of men are sufficient to form already ftrved four companies, but are not sufficient to form a regiment, it shall three years. ancj may^jawfu] to an(j for ^js majesty's lieutenant to appoint In certain' two persons legally qualified to serve without pay as field officers coumies, lord in such battalion, with the same rank as if the npmber were lieutenant sufficient to form a regimept.

XXII. And whereas the several militia asls do not sufficiently explain how far any person, chosen by lot to serve in the militia, hall be compellable to serve, if he has removed from the place wherein his name was inserted in the list before he was Jo chosen by lot: and whereas many impediments and delays have arisen to the militia service from

to serve in the julh uncertainty and from the different opinions which prevail among be liable there deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace respecting this yuejlion;

to, not with andfervatits and unmarried men have availed themselves of these doubts, and have frequently changed their places of abode on purpose to avoid the service, by which means the lots usually fall on married men, and the burden thereby becomes unequal; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person chosen by lot to serve in the militia, shall be liable to such service, notwithstanding such removal.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case three deputy lieutenants shall not attend at any

nants shall not anriual or other general meeting appointed, by virtue of the fe attend at any vera] jaws now in force for raising and training the militia, sot we*the same any cunty* riding, or place, that (wo or one deputy lieutenants to be adjourn or deputy lieutenant attending at such meeting, shall and may ed. adjourn such meeting to any other time, and to any place in

such county, riding, or place; and in case no deputy lieutenant shall attend at the time and place appointed for such meeting, that then the clerk of the general meetings, or his deputy then

and

may appoint two field officers without pay, etc.

Every person chosen by lot

Handing he may have changed the place of his abode.

If three deputy lieute

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 59. 151

and there attending, shall and may adjourn such meeting to any Other time, apd to any place, in such county, riding, or place.

XXIV. And whereas the families of fuhjlttutesy hind men, or when the fa

volunteers serving in the militia when embodied and called out into mijies of fub octual fetvicoy and ordered to march, may become chargeable to the etc

farijbes to which they belong; be it therefore enacted by the au chargeable to thority aforesaid, That one half of the allowance made to such their pa ifhes, families shall be reimbursed, the overseer or overseers of the half the ex parish, tithing, or township, where the family of any such fub pen fh*j* be stitute, hired man, or volyntcer, shall become chargeable, by the [heoverseers* treasurer of the county, riding, or place, in which such parish, by the trea tithing, or township, shall lie; and the account of the said over furerof the seer and overseers, verified on oath before a justice of the peace county, etc. within the county, riding, or place, in which the family of such substitute, hired man, or volunteer, shall be chargeable, and countersigned by a justice of the peaces for such county, riding,

'or^lace, shall be a sufficient voucher to the said treasurer for the

payment of such sum.

XXV. Provided always, That any relief which shall be given proviso. to the family of any tpihtia man, during the time of actual service, shall not deprive such militia man from voting for the de&ion of any member to serve in parliament.

XXVI. And whereas the deputy lieutenants, chief maglflrates, Deputy lieu and jtdflices of the peace, in several counties, cities, and places, where tenants, etc. the militia have been raised, have in same inflames proceeded to choose by indemnified hty and to swear in militia men and fuflitutes for such refttflive r hav.ln5 counties, cities, and places9previous to the times at which the same {^umen/etc. ought to have been done pursuant to the provisions contained in the previous to militia laws now in being; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, the times ap that such proceedings of the said deputy lieutenants, chief ma pmted fr gistrates, and justices of the peace, are hereby declared valid and at p*irpo e. effectual; and the said deputy lieutenants, chief magistrates, and justices of the peace, are hereby respectively indemnified for such their proceedings.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. All milkia That any person holding, or hereafter accepting a commission officers above in the militia of a higher rank than that of lieutenant, not hav j^utenanr to ing already delivered in his qualification, who shall neglect to deliver in their deliver in, to the clerk of the peace of the county, riding, or qualifications place, in and for which he is or shall be appointed, a specific within six description of his qualification, in writing, signed by himself, ^p^ffingthis within six months after the passing of this act for within the or after space of six months from the time of his accepting of such accepungtheir commission as aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby declared inca commissions, pable of holding the same, and the said commission is hereby

declared null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever. to be void!

tenants, etc.]

XXVIII. And whereas an act was made in the twenty-fourth The benefits year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, inti etc. granted tuledy An act for rendering justices of the peace more safe in the to justices by execution of their office; and for indemnifying constables, and af others, ailing in obedience to their warrants:) And whereas it is ndcdto*cu

---

152 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. [1778.

[acting in execution of Militia laws.]

necessary to extend the provisions of the said act to this act, with respect to lieutenants and deputy lieutenants; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every lieutenant and deputy lieutenant, acting in the execution of the militia laws shall be entitled to all the benefits and protections by the said act granted to such justices of the peace.

CAP. LX.

An act for relieving his Majesty's subjects professing the popish religion from certain penalties and disabilities imposed on them by an act, made in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled An act for the further preventing the growth of popery.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal certain provisions in an act of the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King William the Third,

[Act 11 and 12 Gul. 3.]

intituled An act for the further preventing the growth of popery, whereby certain penalties and disabilities are imposed on persons professing the popish religion; may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

---

[Certain clauses in the said

That so much, of the said act as relates to the apprehending, taking, of the wofecut! prfrcul*ng, of popish birtiops, priests, or jesuits; and also lo ingpopiihbi much of the said act as subjects popish bishops, priests, or je (hops, etc. and suits, and papists, or persons profefting the popish religion, and imprisoning keeping school, or taking upon themselves the education or who keep government or boarding of youth, within this realm, or the schoou} and dominions thereto belonging, to perpetual imprisonment; disabling pa also so much of the said act as disables persons educated in the t, l\her>t popish religion, or profefting the same, under the circumstances saint etc*in t^erc^n mentioned, to inherit or take by defeent, devise, or limitation, in possession, reversion, or remainder, any land, tenements, or hereditaments, within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, and gives to the next of kin, being a protestant, a right to have and enjoy such lands, tenements, and hereditaments; and also so much of the said a as disables papists, or persons profefting the popish religion, to purchase any manors, lands, profits out of lands, tenements, rents, terms, or hereditaments within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, and makes void all and Angular estates, terms, and other interests or profits whatsoeverout of lands, to be made, suffered, or done, from and after the day therein mentioned, to or for theufeor behoof of any such person or persons, or upon any trust or confidence, mediately or immediately, for the relief of any such person or persons; shall be, and the same, and every clauseand matter and thing herein before mentioned, is and are hereby repealed.

[repealed.]

(cent, etc. in England or wajef, etc.etc.

---

[Persons having or claiming any lands, etc. under titles not hitherto]

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person and persons having or claiming any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, under titles not hitherto litigated, though derived

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. 153

[litigated, shall hold the same, notwithstanding the said act.]

from any descent, devise, limitation, or purchase, shall have, take, hold, and enjoy, the same, as if the said act, or anything therein contained, had not been made; anything in the said act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

---

[This act

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein^contained shall extend, or be construed to affect any action or znf suit now depending, which shall be prosecuted with effect, and action now without delay. depending,

IV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend, ctct or be construed to extend, to any person or persons but such nor to extend who shall, within the space of six calendar months after the to, anx person passing of this act, or of accruing of his, her, or their title, being of the age of twenty-one years, or who, being under the momht after, age of twenty-one years, shall, within six months after he or (lie pairing this shall attain the age of twenty-one years, or being of unfound oc coming mind, or in prison, or beyond the seas, then within six months after such disability removed, take and subscribe an oath in the lowing oath, words following:

I A.B. dfi sincerelj promise ands wear, That I will be faithful and The oath.

bear true allegiance to his majesty King George the Third, and him will defend, to the utmost of my power, against all conspiracies end attempts whatever that shall be made against his person, crown, or dignity; and I will do my utmost endeavour to difcbfe and make known to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, all treasons and tralter ous conspiracies which may be formed against him or them; and I do faithfully promise to maintain, support, and defend, to the utmost of my power, the successton of the crown in his majesty's family, against any person or persons whatsoever; hereby utterly renouncing and abjuring any obedience or allegiance unto the person taking upon himself the style and title of Prince of Wales, in the life time of his father, andwho, face his death, is said to have assumed the Jlile and title of King of Great Britain, by the name of Charles the Third, and to any other person claiming or pretending a right to the crown of theft realms; and I do wear, that Ido reject and detest, as an uncbrijlian and impious position. That it is lawful to murder or destroy any person or persons whatsoever, for or under pretence of their being heretics; and also that unchristian and impious principle, that no faith is to be kept with heretics: I further declare, that it is no article of my faith, and that I do renounce, reject, and abjure, the opinion, that princes excommunicated by the pope and council, or by any authority of the see tf Rome, or by any authority whatsoever, may be dtposed or murdered by their subjects, or any person whatsoever: and Ido declare, that Ido not believe that the pope of Rome, or any other foreign prince, prelate,

state, or potentate, hath, or ought to have any temporal or civil jurisdiction, power, superiority, or pre-eminence, directly or indirectly, within this realm. And I do solemnly, in the presence of God, profess, testify, and declare, that I do make this declaration, and every part thereof, in the plain and ordinary sense of the words of this oath; without any evasion, equivocation, or mental reservation whatever, and without any dispensation already granted by the pope, or any authority of the see of Rome, or any person whatever; and without

154 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 61. [1778.

thinking that I am or can be acquitted before God or man, or absolved of this declaration, or any part thereof although the pope, or any other persons or authority whatsoever, shall dispense with or annul the same, or declare that it was null or void.

[Court of chancery,

Which oath it shall be competent to his majesty's high court of chancery, or to any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, the courts of great sessions within the principality of Wales and county palatine of Chester, the courts of chancery or

of great ef common plea? within the counties palatine of Lancaster and fioiuin Wale, Durham, or to any court of general or quarter sessions of the etc. may ad peace Gf any county, riding, liberty, city, borough, town, or oath. r place, in the kingdom of England, or in the principality of Walts, to administer, and they are hereby required to administer rhea register to same accordingly: of the taking and subscribing of which oaths be kept of the a register shall be kept and preserved, in the manner prescribed subscribine theaws now n h^ng requiring oaths from persons taking the same. offices or employments.

[This act not to extend to

V Provided always, and it is hereby insured and declared, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed any popish bito extend, to any popish bishop, pried, jesuit, or schoolmaster, AS, ctc hae V not ^avc ta^cn an hibscribed the above oath in the takeitthe said abve words before he shall have been apprehended or any pro oath before he fecution commenced against him.

was apprehended, etc

CAP. LXI.

An act for repealing certain provisions in two acts, made in the first year of the reign of Queen Anne; one intituled an act for the relief of the protestant purchasers of the forfeited estates in Ireland; and the other intituled An act for advancing the sale of the forfeited estates in Ireland, and for vesting such as remain unsold by the present trustees in her Majesty, her heirs and successors, for such uses as the same were before vested in the said trustees 5 and for the more effectual selling and setting the said estates to protestants; and for explaining several acts re!ative*to the lord Bophin and ftr Redmond Everard.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the first session of the first year of Queen Anne, intituled An act for the relief of the aftof1 Anns protestant purchasers of the forfeited estates in Ireland, it is en fess. 1! n*abed, That all disposetions and Jales of the several lands, tenements and hereditaments, efiates and interefis, therein mentioned, which bad been then sold or controlled for, or Should be thereafter sold, by the trustees therein mentioned, Should be made to protestants only; and that every papist, or person professing the popish religion, Should be disabled and made incapable to take any part thereof, or any interest in or out of the same \ and that all conveyances and declarations of trufl to any papist, or person proftjfing the popish religion, concerning the same, Should be void and of none effell\ and that no such papist, or person prof effing the popish religion, during his continuing to be such, Should be capable to inherit, take, or make title to, by defeent, purchase, limitation.

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 61. 155

devise, or other conveyance, or to have, hold, or enjoy, the said lands, tenements, hereditaments, estates or interests, or any trust or interest therein; /&?/ // <wiy ptrofejfing the

popifi religion, or educated in the same, and not having solemnly and publicly renounced it, being of full age, ball not within the fpcce of,

six months after the accruing of his or her title, or, being under the age of eighteen years, hall not, within six months after be or fie shall attain the age aforesaid, take the oath of allegiance and supremacy9 and subscribe the declaration in the said act mentioned, and continue to be a protestant, every such person shall be disabled to Inherit or take by defeent, devise, or limitation, or purchase, any of the said estates or interests, or any trust or interest in or out of the same; but that, during the life of such person, or till tis conformity, the next of his kindred who shall be a protestant shall have and enjoy the premises, without being accountable for the profits; and that all leases for lives or years, or otherwise, to be made of any of the said premises, shall be made to such persons only as are of the protestant religion: and if any such lease shall be made to, or in trust for, any papist, or person professing the popish religion \ or if any such lease be made to a protestant, and the same shall be afterwards assigned to, or in trust for, a papist, or person professing the popish religion, every such lease and alignment shall be void, and the person making such lease or assignment, and the person to whom, or for whose use or benefit, the same shall be made I in case of acceptance,) shall forfeit treble the full value of the said lands so assigned and accepted: and whereas tie said several prohibit Which was lions and penalties were re enacted and further enforced, by an act ulth*jrhm" passed in the second session of the first years her majesty Queen Anne, the

entitled. An act for advancing the fate of the forfeited estates in same year, Ireland; and for vesting such as remain unsold by the prefect felt. a. trustees in her Majesty, her heirs and successors, for fetch uses as the same were before vested in the said trustees; for the more effectual selling and setting the said estates to protestantej and for explaining several acts relative to the ford Bophin and sir Redmond Everard: may it therefore pkafe your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of same. That the said herein recited The recited acts, passed in the first year of the reign of her fate majesty ain Part Queen Anne, so far as they prohibit, disqualify, or disable any kp<aled# papist, or person profiling the popish religion, from taking, holding, or enjoying, any estate, right, title, interefi, claim, property, or demand, of, to, or in, any of the lands, tenements, hereditaments, estates, or interests, in the said acts mentioned;

or which inflict any penalty on the person making or accepting any interest in the same, shall, from and after the passing of this act, be repealed, and cease and be void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

---

156 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 62, 63. [1778.

CAP. LXII.

An act to continue an act, made in the sixteenth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act to authorise, for a limited time, the punishment, by hard labour, of offenders who, for certain crimes, are or shall become liable to be transported to any of his majesty's colonies and plantations.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act of parliament was made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

[16 Geo. 3. c. 43. recited.]

An act to authorise, for a limited time, the punishment, by hard labour, of offenders who, for certain crimes, are or shall become liable to be transported to any of his majesty's colonies and plantations: and whereas the said act is near expiring; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[and further continued till June 1, 1 1779.]

That the said act shall be, and is hereby continued from the expiration thereof, until the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine.

CAP. LXIII.

An act for enabling trustees under particular turnpike acts, to meet and carry such acts into execution, notwithstanding they may not have met or adjourned agreeable to the directions of such acts; and for preventing disputes touching the payment of tolls for horses or carriages belonging to or employed by officers or soldiers on duty.

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS it has happened, and may hereafter happen, that the trustees appointed, or to be appointed, by act of parliament, for amending or repairing particular turnpike roads, have omitted, or may omit, to meet or adjourn in the manner directed by such acts respectively, or that the day or days, appointed for the first meeting of the trustees, has or have elapsed, or may elapft, before the passing of such acts respectively, whereby the intent of such respective acts hath been or may be frustrated; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in all cases where the trustees, appointed, or to be trustcft ^dcjcr appointed, by any act or acts of parliament, madeortobe made, repairing fr ameding or repairing any particular turnpike roads, shall turnpikeroads not have met, or shall not meet, on the day or days appointed, shall neglecto or to be appointed, for their first meeting, by any such act or acts meet on the respectively, or on any day or days appointed, or to be appointed, by adjournment, for their meeting, or have not adjourned, or shall not adjourn, in the manner directed by any such act or acts of parliament, or when the day appointed, or to be appointed, for the first meeting of the trustees, has elapsed, or may elapse, before the passing of such act or acts; it shall and may be lawful for any five or more of the trustees appointed to execute such act or acts respectively, in any or either of the cases

In case the

day appointed, etc.

any five true may appoint a meeting.

Go

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 64. 157

aforesaid, to cause notice, under their hands, to be affixed on all the turnpike gates which shall be then erected on such roads respectively; or, if no turnpike gate shall be then erected, to cause the like notice to be affixed in some dbnfpicuous place, in one of the market towns near the roads directed to be repaired as aforesaid, and also to be published in some newspaper circulated in that part of the country, at lead twenty days before the intended meeting, appointing the trustees to meet at the place where the lad preceding meeting was appointed to have been held, or at the place directed for the first meeting of such trustees, if no preceding meeting shall have been held; and the said trustees, when met in pursuance of such notice, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered to carry such act or acts into execution, in the same and as full and ample a manner, to all intents and purposes, as they might or could have done, if no such neglect or omission had happened, or such act or acts had been passed previous to the day or days appointed for the first meeting of the trustees respectively, and such trustees had met on such day or days according to such appointment.

II. And whereas disputes have arisen with respect to the exemptions meant to be allowed, by several acts of parliament for repairing Carnages and of public roads within this kingdom, for the horses of officers and ^incai^m" soldiers upon their march or duty, and for carriages attending the m; the armsor^ in order to prevent such disputes for the future, be it enacted baggage of and declared by the authority aforesaid, That no toll or duty officers or whatsoever shall be demanded or taken, by virtue of any act of march parliament already made, or hereafter to be made, for repairing etc exempted any of the public roads within this kingdom, for or in respect firom tolls; of any horses belonging to officers or soldiers upon their march or upon duty, or for any horses, cattle, or carriages, employed in carrying or conveying the arms or baggage of any such officers or soldiers, or in carrying any lick, wounded, or disabled officers or fofdiers; and no carriages so employed shall be subject to be.

weighed at any engine erected, or to be erected, upon any turn Suchearriaget pike road, or the owner or driver thereof liable to any penalty or forfeiture for carrying any greater weight than is or may be allowed by law to be conveyed in any such carriage, any act of parliament made or to be made to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

CAP. LXIV.

An act for enabling bit Majesty to raise the sum of one million, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

Credit of loan granted to his Majesty for t, oooo, oooo1. Treasury nny raise the faiqe by Joans or exchequer bills, in like manner as is pie fenbed by the land tax att of this session, concerning loans, etc. The claufcj, etc. in the said act relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to the loans, etc. to be made in pursuance of this act. Principal and intered, with charges, to be paid out of the next supplies, and if none sufficient be granted before July 5, 1779*bcn to be paid out of the sinking fund j and the moneys so issued to be replaced out of the first supplies. The bank empowered to advance, on the said credit of loan, any sum not exceeding i, oooo, ooool.

156 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 65. [1778.

CAP. LXV.

An act for settling and securing a certain annuity on the earl of Chatham, and the heirs of the body of the late William Pitt, earl of Chatham, to whom the earldom of Chatham hall defctnd, in consideration of the eminent services performed by the said late earl to his Majesty and the public.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS we your Maiefifs most dutiful and loyal

commons did unanimously adarefs our [elves to your Majesty, humbly to beseech sour Majesty that you would be gractoujly plea fed to bejlow some signal and lajling mark of your royal favour) on the family of the late William Pitt earl of Chatham, and to ajfure your Majesty, that whatever, from sour princely goodness your Majesty Should think proper to be granted) this house, animated by the gratitude which they, in common with the tejl of your majesty's subjects) feel towards the memory of that upright and distnterejled minijlet) and ambitious of giving a testimony of their approbation to that public virtue anaspirited conduct which directed the councils of this country in the last glorious andsuccessul war would, with the greatest cheer fullness) make good to your Majesty) to which address9 your Majesty was pleased to return this most gracious answer; That your Majesty would take the J'ame into your consideration) and that you would do therein what Should appear to your Majesty to be most proper, agreeable to tbl desire of your faithful commons; and also by your majesty's most gracious message, to declare, that your Majesty being) deferous to comply) as speedily as possible) with the said request of your faithful commons) haa given directions for the granting to the present earl of Chatliam, and to the heirs of the body of the late William Pitt, to whom the earldom of Chatham shall descend an annuity of four thou fund pounds per annum, out of the civil lijl revenue; but that your Majesty) not having it in your power to extend the effects of the said grant beyond the term of your majesty's life, recommended it to the house to consider of a proper method of extending) securing) and annexing the same to the earldom of Chatham, in such manner as Should be thought most effectual for the benefit of the family of the said William Pitt earl of Chatham: we, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, duly considering your majesty's most gracious intention, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted'; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the An annuity of authority of the same, That in lieu of the said annuity of four 4, ooool. per thousand pounds ptr annum, so directed to be granted to the piriduut of pre/cnt car Chatham) and to the heirs of the body of the late the aggregate William Pitt) to whom the earldom of Chatham shall defunct, to John feeftd, as aforesaid, one annuity, or yearly relit or sum of four

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 65. 159

thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, shall be iflu earl of chat ing and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon, the jam ai^cl?f duties and revenues which compose the fund commonly called thetate will pt jfggrtgate Fundy and every or any of them, (after paying, or ]iam Pitt earl reserving sufficient to pay, all such sum and sums of money as ofchatham, have been directed by any former act or acts of parliament to be ro rh01ntl^ji paid out of the same, but with preference to all other payments ^veend! which shall or may hereafter be charged upon, or payable out of, the said aggregate fund and the same shall from time to time The said an be paid quarterly, in manner and form following; that is to "1^7 b say. To John now earl of Chatham, and to the heirs male of the*body of the late William Pitt earl of Chatham begotten, to whom the said title, honour, and dignity of earl of Chatham shall de icend; which said annuity or yearly relit or sum shall commence and take effect from the fifth day of Juljy in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy eighr, and shall be paid and payable at the four usual days of payment in the year, that is to say, the tenth day of Qflobiry the fifth day of January y the fifth day of April and the fifth day of July, by even and equal portions; the first payment thereof to be made at the paymaa* tenth day of Qflobtr, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven g IO hundred and seventy eight.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho The eirl of rity aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chatham, to said John carl of Chatham, and the heirs male of the body of his the said father, the said late William earl of Chatham, for the time being, annuity with to whom the said annuity or yearly relit or sum shall deicend, a jointure of being at the age of twenty-one years, or above, by any deed or>ooool. yearly, deeds in writing to assign, limit, or appoint, any part of the said

annuity or yearly relit or sum, not exceeding the sum of one thousand pounds yearly, by way of jointure or provision for any woman or women which he or they respectively shall happen to marry or take to wife, for the life or lives of such wise or wives; but that the said annuity shall not be charged or chargeable with more than one such jointure at any one time.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commission that it shall and may be lawful to and for the of of rra^rth

his majesty's treasury now being, and the high treasurer and ggn wayrantl under treasurer of the exchequer and of of the trea for payment fury for the time being, and they are hereby authorised and re of the said quired, by warrant under their hands, to direct the auditor of j5syniwi3iout the receipt of the exchequer, now and for the time being, to wyfrtu make forth and pass debentures, from time to time, for paying the said annuity or yearly relit or sum of four thousand pounds, as She same shall, from time to time, become due and payable, without any fees or charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, or any part thereof; which said warrant, and the debentures to be made forth and passed thereupon, shall be a sufficient authority to the several and respective officers of the receipt of the exchequer, now and for the time being, for the payment of the said annuity or yearly relit ox sum to the said John

io

Such warrants, after signed, to be Valid, notwithstanding the demise of his Majesty, C

of of the treasury, See. without fee or reward, tp do all things necessary to render this act effectual

Receipt of the earl of Chatham, C shall be a sufficient discharge.

The annuity to be tax free.

If officers of the exchequer shall refuse to pay the annuity on demand, C they may be profccuiedfor the same.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 65. [1778.

eari of Chatham, and the heirs male of the body of the said late William earl of Chatham begotten as aforesaid, or to such other person or persons as shall be entitled to receive any part of the said annuity as aforesaid, at the respective quarterly feast days in this ak before appointed for payment thereof, without any further or other warrant, to be sued for, had, or obtained in that behalf.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, after signing of such warrant, the same shall be good, valid, and effectual in law, according to the purport and true meaning thereof, and of this at; and shall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the demise of his Majesty, (whom God long preserve), or of any of his heirs or successors, or by or upon the death or removal of any of the said of of the treasury, or the lord high treasurer, or by or upon the determination of the power, office, or offices, of them, or any of them.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the of of the treasury now being, and the high treasurer of the treasury for the time being, chancellor and under treasurer, chamberlains and barons of the exchequer, and all other the officers and ministers of the court of exchequer, and of the receipt thereof, now and for the time being, shall, and they are hereby authorised and strictly enjoined and required to do, without fee or reward, all such as, matters and things, as are herein before directed and required, or shall be necessary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this at, and the several payments hereby directed, effectual.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the acquittance or acquittances, receipt or receipts, of the said John earl of Chatham, and the heirs, male of the body of the said late william earl of Chatham and of such other person or persons as shall be entitled or authorised to receive the said annuity or yearly relit or sum, or any part thereof, shall be a good and sufficient discharge for the payment thereof, without any further or other warrant to be sued for or obtained in that behalf \ and that the said annuity or yearly relit or sum, and every part thereof, shall be free and clear from all taxes, impositions, and other public charges whatsoever: and in case any of the officers of the receipt of his majesty's exchequer shall refuse dr neglect to pay the said annuity or yearly relit or sum, or any phrt thereof, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, or to do any a necessary to enable the said John earl of Chatham, and the heirs male of the body of the said William late earl of Cha- tbamy and such other person or persons as shall be entitled to receive the said annuity, or any part thereof, to receive the same, then the said John earl ofchatham^nd the heirs male f the body of the said William late earl of Chatham, and such other person or persons as shall be entitled to receive the said annuity or yearly relit or sum, or any part thereof, may from time to time sue, prosecute, and implead, such officers, or any of them, their executors,

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 66. II

and administrators, by bill, plaint, or action of debt, and shall or may recover judgements, and sue out executions thereupon, against such officers respectively, their heirs, executors, or administrators, for so much of such sum or sums of money then due and owing upon the said annuity, yearly relit, or sum, or any part thereof, as shall have been in the hands of the officer or officers of the receipt of the exchequer, at the time or times when demands shall have been legally made of the payment of the said annuity, yearly relit, or sum, or arty part thereof, as aforesaid, or for the refusal or neglect to do any act necessary to be done by such officer or Officers respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said annuity, yearly relit, or sum of four thousand earl of Chat 11 pounds, shall be, and the same is by this act vested in the said ham, C John earl of Chatham, and the heirs male of the body of the said late William earl of Chatham, to whom the said title, honour, and dignity of earl of Chatham shall descend; and that the same, and not to be or any part thereof, shall not at any time or times hereafter be al5enf r, n aliened, conveyed, disposed, charged, or encumbered, by the r

said John earl of Chatham, or by any of the heirs male of the said term than the late William earl of Chatham, for any greater or larger estate or life of the time than during the natural life of the person so aliening, con*p^yi veying, disposing, charging, or incumbring the same, or so as to prevent the same from defrendinj* to the heirs male in tail, according to the limitation aforesaid, other than, and according except in to, and in pursuance of, the power for making such jointures as making join aforesaid

[Public act.]

VIII. And be it declared and enabled by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken, in all cases, and in all courts and places, to be a public act.

CAP. LXVI.

An act for making proper drains and sewers, for the purpose of carrying off the water from the prebendal estate of Halliwell and Finlbury, in the suburbs of the city of London j and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Preamble, Recital of aft 9 Geo. 3. and an indenture dated May 30, 1769,

Mayor, C empowered to make a new sewer) and to appoint commissioners. Commissioners to consist of the of under the act 11 Geo. 3.

'Mayor, See. may appoint officers. Part of the new sewer to be under the management of the of, C for Holborn and Finlbury divisions. Power for digging for materials. See. Preamble, reciting that great benches will accrue to certain parts of the county of Middlesex, from the '

new intended fewer: in confederation of which, the court of (ewers for the said parts are to pay 1501. per annum, into the chamber of London, by half yearly payments. Certain parts of the new sewer to be completed by June4, 1779. The said yearly Aim of 1501. to be placed to the account of the of underaft XI Geo. 3. In cade of default of payment, 'how the same shall be recovered. Commissioners of (ewers to make an equal pound rate for raffing said 1501. per annum, C within certain limits of the county of Mi idlesex, according to the yearly relit of the premises to be rated. In default of payment of said 1501, per annum, mayor. See. irtipowered to make a pound rate for the deficiency. All tenants, Sec. to pay rates, whether rated or not, Directioni for affiffing*vol.xkm. M housea

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 67. [1778.

houses let out in lodgings, crates for hqpfes, C unteaanted, to be paid by owners, or future occupiers. Dead walls, meeting hooks, See. to t assessed. Who shall pay suck a&fltmeate. How they may be recovered. Bates shall be paid by obiter of prfinifes. This act n tft fcfr peach any agreement betwfpn landlord and tenant Opart of fewer un*. powered to compound for rates to be made by them, Sec. Court of fewera may alter rates within certain limits. Collectors to be appointed by the court of sewers. Court of (ewers ins powered to pay debts. Common oauofil, pr commi$ofters, may appoint collectors, who are to pay the money into the chamber of London. Golleftor* refuting to account, shall be committed. Court of sewers may make additional allowance to thdf clerk, see. Collectors, Sec. may examine books relating to the poor's rates Vestry clerk, Sec. to give them copies thereof, on paying a d. for every ye names, Sec. Penalty on nriltft or respfal for tonne day. Court of few erf empowered to make new (ewers, Sec. within the limit of Fiqfbury, Sec. The court of fewprt may communicate the sewers within pipftniry, ftp with the new fc*yer in the prebend) eft ate, nd the sewers in the city o London; but not to exceed in width or depth, the bead of the fewer with which the same Stall communicate, see. The fuxveyor of the commissioners under the act of i r Gfa. 3. empowered to (top up such sewer, see. (b coia* rounicating. Penalty on persons unstopping fuejr sewers, ftc. Surveyor to inspect sewers. Sec. Penalty on persons interrupting of, workmen, Sec. in executing this act. Penalties bow to be disposed of iveara we, ryciting part of the wft it Qfo* } [dating to the aftfiments. The foramissioners und*r the act 11 Geo. 3. empowered to apply9competent part of the (ewer rate directed to be raised by (he same aft. in aid of taw Other rates. Sec. Court of sewers empowered to alter the portion of pipes Sec. Owners of private dsains to cleanse the same. Penalty on negle6c thereof. Property of the fewer. Sec. vested in the comnuffioiiers of fewer foe Holboufn and Finftmfy divisions. Vacant ground lying open, or roads opt of repair, see. to be mclosed and amended. If owners, Sec. neglect, edmmissionen to complete the same, and tq be reimbursed by the parties neglecting. This act to commence at the time of hokling the next court of sewers for Holbourn and Finsbury divisions. Fines, forfeitures, and Tate, how to be recovered and applied. Warrants to he jfiued by the pourt of fevers, to be according to Uve forqa annexed Charges of distrela to be levied by the persons making the faiqe. Clerk, Scc. to fyrnmon the court of sewers when necessary. Court of (ewers, in the name of their clerk, Sec. may bring actions for penalties against this act, or for the rates. Sec. How plaintiff to proceed in such actions. Court of sewers may administer an oath, C Distress not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover if tender of amends be made. Proceedings wot to be qua (bed for want of form. Orders of the court of fewtrs to be evidence. Laws relating to (ewers to be in force in Holbourn and Finsbury divisions, Sec. except in the cases before mentioned. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Limitation of aftiops. General issue. Treble costs. This act not to extend to' (ewers, Sec. within the liberties of the tower hamlets. Sec. Commissioners empowered to setup bafsj posts. Sec. for the safety of foot passengers. Property of bars, posts, Sec. vested in the citizens of London. Penalty on persons obstructing surveyore. Sec. in erecting fences, or for pulling up or damaging the Tame. publick act Form of warrant of disttefe for nonpayment of the rates. Forpi or warrant for want of distress of goods for nonpayment of rates. Form of warrant for wane of distress for nonpayment of fines, Sec. Form of warrant of distrelif for nes forfeited to, let, or impoied by, the court of fevers

CAP. LVII.

An act for autknrifing the justices of the peace for the county of hfiddk sex to fed the prefeit feftioudtause for the said county, and for enabling them to build answer fofion house in a more convenient fttuation, and to keep the same tn repair and for applying the font of eleven thoo sand poptub (to he borrowed upon tbd credit of the ferplufes of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans fund) towards defraying the expanse of building the said f<ffioa*hoofe*

[Preamble.]

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 68  70. I $3

[Preamble.]

Letters patent of the 7 James 1. recited. Soon after the date date thereof. Hick's h % 11 was built, C The inheritance of the feite of Hick's Hall in the Custos Rotulorum and ofhers. The present session lioafe ioconveaicnt and ruinous. Commissioners appointed \ who are to Cake down the present session houst, and use or sell the materials. The cite of the present ession house to be given to the public. commission trs for Saint Sepulchre's to pave the (cite of the present session house, and adjoining watch house, See who shall be paid 3001. for the same, out of the moneys arising by this al Commissioners may purchase a piece of ground for building the feffiomhouse. Bodies corporate, See. enabled to convey their estates to the Commissioners. If the parties shall not agree.

Sec. the rccempence to be ascertained by a jury. Jurymen to be sworn.

Witnesses may be examined on oath. Vtrditt of a jury. Scc. to be final,

Reeomponce to be paid to parties within a month after adjudication

On refusel to accept thereof, the same to be paid into the bank. Jurors may be challenged. Commissionen may fine the (herifif or others making default. Commissioners may cause any building on such piece of ground as they shall purchase, to be taken down) and a new fdfion house to be erected*which shall not be affdted to any tax at a higher rate than what the ground and buildings were assessed in 1777. The session house not to be begun till a plan and estimate are made and agreed to Occupation of the euboo house to be regulated by the justices. New fe(fion*bou(e to be '

repaired out of the county rate. No repairs above 51. to be done until an efiomate and contra made and agreed to Justices may provide a convenient place sot bolding their lemons until the new effioo house be

By the last mentkmed aa, the corporation of London were empowered to borrow956*000l. on the credit of the orphans' fund $ and the duty of 6d. per chaldron on coals and culm was further continued sot 46 years. Said fund computed to be more than sufficient for the purposes to which it it applied. City of London to pay an annuity of 4951, to the commissioners for executing this a. The mayor. Sec. to grant no bonds for (ecuring the annuity. An annuity of 4l. 10 s. to be payable on each bond. Bonos to be numbered, and assignable by indorsement. Annuities to be redeemable by the city on six months notice. Orphans' fund charged with the annuities. Treasurer of the county to pay to the of so much money as shall be necessary (besides the aforesaid 11,0001) for executing the purposea of this a#j so as the same shall not exceed 4000l. Expencts Of this a how to be paid. Commissioners may appoint officers, and All - low them salaries. place and time of meeting of the of Manner of adjourning. Proceedings to be entered in a boojc, Stc. A yearly account of all moneys received and paid, to be made by the treasurer, and deposittd with the clerk of the peace and also all books, plana Ac, Books, Scc. may be inspected. Limitation of actions. General utue. Treble oofts. Bonds, Sea directed by this a not liable to any duty. Publick a.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for building a bridge across the river Tawey, at a place called The Which Tree, in the parish of Lknfamlett, to me opposite (bore in the parish of Llangtvelach, in the county of Glamorgan: for making, proper avenues or roads to and from the said bridge) and aho for repairing and widsning the road from pentre brook, near a place called Abernwyberthy, in the parish of Saint John's, near Swansea, to the said intended bridge.

CAP. LXIX.

An act for repairing the highways and bridges in the county of Stirling

CAP. LXX.

An act to enable Hector Munro Esquire, to build and maintain a harbour and pur at the t*ws f findboi^in the county of Eljpa and

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 71. [1778.

CAP. LXXI.

An act for impowiring the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, in common council assembled, to make a street or opening from Moorfields, opposite chifwell street, towards the east into bishopffratg street; and also from the east end of chifwell street westward into Barbican; and to raise, upon the credit of the surplusses to arise out of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans' Fund, the sum of sixteeq thousand five hundred pounds for such purpose.

[Preamble.]

Act 9 Geo. 3. recited Common council empowered to make a new ttreet from Moorfields to bishopsgate streer, C which my be raised to any height they think proper Ditches and watercourses to be airbed over or filled up; and drains or fewrrs to oe made, Sec. Common council empowered to purchase houses, lands. Sec. for the purposes aforesaid. The said power limited to ten years. Bodies politic, Sec. trustees, and other persons, empowered to sell and convey lands, Scc, when parties refuse to treat, Sec. the mayor's court to issue a precept for impanelling a jury; who are to be drawn as aft 3 Geo. a. directs. Jurors may be challenged. Witnesses may be examined on oath. Sec. Jury to assess the value on oath. Verdict of the jury, Sec. to be final. Previous notice to be given to parties interested. payment of the value afieflfed, premises to be conveyed to the city. When a good title cannot be made, or legal conveyances executed, or the parties are not to be found. Sec. court to order the purchase money to be paid into the bank, Sec. subject to the order of the court of chancery on motion or petition. Verdicts and judgements. See. to be entered among the records, Sec. Immediately after verdicts and payments, C premises to vest in the city. Mayor's court, on petition, may invest the money in the public funds. If the money is not paid, Sec. the said verdicts and judgements not to be binding. purchase moneys of premises held in trull, to be invested in other purchases to the same uses. Bargains and (ales to have the force of fines and recoveries. Persons having any right, C in lands so purebased, to enter their claims within a limited time, or be barred: but may recover the purchase money, Sec. from persons receiving the same. After purchase, tenants to deliver possession within six months after notice. On refusal, court to issue a precept to the fhenflf to deliver possession. Mortgagees, on tender of principal and interest, to convey their mortgages: on refusal, interest to cease. Upon payment of such principal and interest into the bank, premises to vest in the cky. Moneys to be paid or tendered before using the premises. Court of aldermen may fine (heriif, jurors, or witnesses, for not attending, Sec No person shall be compeliable to sell part of his premises, if he is willing to sell the whole Common council empowered to let, fell, C any ground not necessary for the purposes of this act; and to grant licences for building on part of the streets, Sec. No porticoes, benches, balconies, bow windows, or other projections to be made. Moneys arising by such falet or licences to be appropriated to the purposes of this act. Common council may enclose the pastages, Sec. which adjoin to the intended streets, for the purposes of this act. Tithes of houses laid into streets to be valued by a jury, and charged on the city estates. Common council empowered to appoint committees. Persons interested not eligible on such committees, fersons not free of the city may be employed by committees. Directions for giving notice of contracts Recital of an act 5 & 6 Gul. Sc Mar. for raising the orphans' fund. A duty of 6d. per chaldron laid on all coals and culm brought into the port of London. Act si Geos. continuing the said duty for 35 years', Scc. aft^geoh 2. for building Blackfriars bridge: aft 7 Geo. 3. for completing the same, Scc. On July 5, 1776$ $8, 5001. wanted to complete Blackfriars bridge, Scc. 715001. for embanking the Thames; 30, 0001. for redeeming, the tolls on london bridge; 50, 0001. for building Newgate; and 10, 0001. for lepairing the Royal Exchange. Recital of the powers gr?nted to the corporation of London by the act of 7 <3cq*3 156, 000l. to be borrowed at jl. 10s. percent, per ann.

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 71.

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

The orphans fund was charged with payment of moneys thentofore borrowed, and also the said sum of 156, 0001. and to render the said fund sufficient to pay off the said debts, the duty of 6d. per chaldron on coals and culm was further coptinued for 46 years, See. The order in which the different payments were to be made out of the fund How the surplusses were to be difjposed of Court of aldermen were to give six months notice of their intention to pay the respective turns borrowed, or to redeem the annuities, C In case of any deficiency in the said fund, the same to be supplied out of the chamber of London. Common council empowered to raise 16, 500l. upon the orphans fund. Contributors to be entitled to redeemable annuities at 4i 10s. percent, per ann. Common council to give bonds for such annuities, assignable by endorsement. The orphans' fund charged with such annuities. Surpluses of the said fund how to be applied. Upon six months notice of redemption of annuities, and tender of the money, the annuities to cease; but the principal to be dill payable. Deficiencies in payment of the said annuities, to be paid out of the chamber of London. The 16, 5001. to be applicable only for the purposes of this act 5 and if any surplus, to be applied to increase the fund. Chamberlain to keep accounts of receipts and disbursements. Common council empowered to appoint officers, and allow them salaries. Officers concerned in the receipt of money, to give security. Penalty on officers mif applying any of the said moneys. City answerable in case of any mif application of the moneys. Amerciaments, Sec. against the city to be applicable to the uses of this act, Sec. Disbursements of the 16, 5001. to be included in the chamberlain's annual account. This act not to affect any of the city's present creditors. Writings to be without damps. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Expenses of this act how to be paid. Distress not be deemed unlawful for want of form. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. See. Limitation of actions.

CAP. LXXII.

An act for erecting a building for holding the courts and exercising the jurisdiction of the dean and chapter of the collegiate church of Saint Peter in Westminster, within the city and liberty of Westminster, and for holding the quarter sessions of the peace and transacting the other publick business of the said city and liberty s and for appropriating part of the surplusses of the orphans fund, towards defraying the expense thereof.

[Preamble.]

of appointed, who may purchase a piece of ground for erecting a courthouse. No more than 7, 500l. to be expended therein. Bodies corporate, See empowered to sell and convey lands. The purchase money for lands in settlement, to be laid out in purchase of others to the same uses. Commissioners empowered to build the court house. court house not to be taxed higher than the premises purchased were taxed. Commissioners not to purchase any ground till valued by a surveyor. Commissioners not to begin building the court house, until they have ap

Eroved of a plan and agreed to an estimate thereof, and contrasted for uilding thereon. The expense of repairing the court house to be defrayed out of the county rates. By whose order the court house shall be repaired. Recital of aft 5 & 6 Gul. & Mar. for establishing the orphans fund; and % \ Geo. a. and 7 Geo. 3. for augmenting the lame. City of London to pay an annuity of471. I os. to the of, by half yearly payments. The mayor, C to grant 55 bonds for fecunng the annuity. The bonds to be numbered, and may be sold. Annuities to be redeemable by the city on six months notice. The orphans fund charged with the payment of the annuities. The justices to pay to the of (out of the county rates) Aich further sums as shall be necessary, not exceeding 10001. Expenses of this act how to be paid. Comnufiionest may appoint officers, 'and allow them salaries. Place and time of firffc meeting. Fifteen of may appoint an extraordinary meeting. Proceedings to be entered in a book. A yearly account of ail moneys received

165 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 73. [1778.

[Public act.]

and paid to be made by the treaftirer, and depocted with the clerk of the peace. Per font may inspect the books. See. When the court house u built, C the authority of the commissioners to cease, and court hoafe veiled in tbs dean of Westminster, Arc Saving the rights of the justices for Middlesex to hold their meetings in Westminster. Writings to be without damps. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble cofu.

CAP. LXXIII.

An act for paving the high street or rosd leading from aldersgate bars, in the parish of Saint fiotolph without ajdcrigate, London, to the turnpike near the end of gofwell street, in the county of Middlesex; for applying the sum of five thousand pounds, to be raised upon the credit or the surplusses to arise out of a certain fund commonly called The Orphans' Fund, for such purpose.

[Preamble.]

Recital of aft 5 A 6 Gul. A Mar. for establishing the orphan fund. A duty of 6 d. per chaldron laid on all coals or culm brought iota the port of London. Act i Geo. %, by which the laid duty was further continued for 35 years. Act 19 Geo. a. for building Blackfriars bridge. Act 7 Geo. 3. for completing the said bridge, &c. On July j, 1766, S, iool. wanted to complete Blackfriars bridge, &c. 7, 500l. for embanking the Thames: 30, 0001. for redeeming the tolls on London bridge: 50, 0001. for building Newgate: and xo^ooool. for repairing the Royal Exchange. Common council were empowered to borrow at 3l. xes. percent, per ann. for the purposes before mentioned. The orphans' fund charged with the payment of moneys thentoforc borrowed, and also the said sum of 156, 0001. and to rooder the find fund sufficient to pay off the said debts, the duty of 6d. per chaldron on coats and culm was further continued fof 46 years, &c. The order in which the different payments were to be made out of the fund. How the surplusses were to be disposed of Court of aldermen were to give six months notice of their intention to pay the respective fumt borrowed, or to redeem the annuities, &c. In case of any deficiency in the said fund, the same to be supplied out of the chamber of London. Common council empowered to pave the high street from aldersgate bars to the turnpike, and to appoint of., commissioners to consist of of under the act of 11 Geo. 3. for paving the city, &c. Proceedings to be entered in a book. Common council may order materials to be dug, &c. and posts, bars, C to be removed; and may employ and contract with any persons for the performance of the works. Directions for giving notice of making contrasts. Common council or of may compound with persons for breach of contrast. Penalty on interrupting workmen. tl^e property of the pavements, &c. vested in the citizens of London. Penalty oit persons damaging the pavements, &c. Common council empowered to sell old pavements. Common council empowered to raise pool, upon the orphans' fund. Contributors to be entitled to redeemable annuities at 4 L 10 s. percent, per ann. Common council to give bonds for such annuities, assignable by endorsement. Orphans' fund charged with the said annuities. Surpluses of the said fund how to be applied. Upon six months notice of redemption of annuities, and tender of the money, the annuities to cease; but the principal to be still payable. In case of deficiency in the said surplusiea, the same to be made good out of the chamber of London. The pool. to be applicable only for the purposes of this all; and if any surplus, to be applied to incrcalc the fund. Chamberlain to keep accounts of rece ptg and disbursements. Common council to appoint oficers, and allow them salaries. Officers concerned in the receipt of money to give ecu rity. Penalty on officers misapplying any of the said moneys. Penalty on officers taking fees. City answerable in case of any mi implication of the money. Amerciaments, &c. against the city to be applicable to the Lies of this act. Disbursements of the j, ooool. to be included in the chamberlain's annual account. This act not to a/fcft any of the city's

i Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 74  79.

[Public act.]

present creditors. Writings not liable to stamp duty. Justices to determine complaints in a luminary way in cases where no particular mode of recovering is directed. Penalties may be levied by distress. commis fidners may compound for penalties not exceeding CL Penalty on witnesses refilling td attend, See. Saving rights of the commifnonerfc of fewdrs. Application of penalties and forfeitures. Expenses of this act how to be paid. Distress not deemed to be unlawful for want of form, dice. Plaintiff not to recover if tender of amends be made. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Limitation of actions. General ifnie. Treble coftt.

CAP. LXXIV.

An act to amend an act passed in the twenty sixth year of King George the Second, more effectually to enable the parishioners of the parish of Christchurch, in the county of Middlesex, to purchase, hire, or erect a workhouse, for the employing and maintaining the poor of the said parish, and for the more effectual support and employment of the poor therein.

CAP. LXXV.

An act for making a navigable canal from the town of Bafiflgstoke, in the county of Southampton, to communicate with the river Wey, in the parish of Chertsey, in the cduntv of fturfey: and to the southeast side of the turnpike road in the parish of Turgus, in the said county of Southampton.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for better paving, clean sin g, lighting, and watching, the streets and lanes in the town of Dover, in the county of Kent, and in the several parishes of St. Mary the Virgin and St, Jadies the Apostle in the said town and county; and for removing and preventing nuiftices and annoyances therein.

CAP. LXXVII.

An act for paving and repairing the streets, lanes, and other public passages and places, within such part of the liberty of Norton rofgate, in the county of Middlesex, as is extra parochial; and certain parts of magpie alley, and bloftom street, in thd parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the said county; and for removing obstructions and annoyances therein.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act for applying the sum of nine thousand pounds, to arise out of the surplusses of a certain fund, commoly called The Orphans' Fund, for the purpose of making a paflige for carriages from Spitalfields to fli fhopfgate street, in the county of Middlesex.

[Preamble.]

[Public act.]

Act 5 & 6 Gul. & Mar. recited. City of London to pay an annuity of 405l. to the of; and for that purpose to issue bouds under their common seal. Value and condition of the bonds. Bonds to be numbered, and may be sold. Application of the money arising from sale thereof. Annuities to be redeemable by the city on six months notice. The orphans' fund charged with the payment of the annuities. Persons advancing money to pay expenses of this act, to be allowed interest for the lame.

CAP. LXXIX.

An act for pavings chanting, light, and thatching that town of Northampton; and for renaming and preventing obstructions, and annoyances therein.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 80-85. [1778.

CAP. LXXX.

An act for widening and improving a certain avenue called dirty lane, and part of brick lane, leading from Whitechapel to spi tal fields, in the county of Middlesex j and for paving dirty lane, and also the eastftdc of petticoat lane, from Whitechapel high street to wentworth street; the aid avenue called wentworth street; from thence in one continued line, through Old montague street, chapel ttreet, and Princes kow, to baker's row inelusive, and the several streets and passages leading into the same; and for removing all obstructions and encroachments therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

CAP. LXXXI.

An act for continuing the terms and enlarging the powers of two acts, one passed in the seventh and the other in the eighth years of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing and widening the roads from Oxford over botley causeway, to Fifield, in the county of Berks,

'and Witney, in the county of Oxford.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of several acts passed in the sixth and twelfth years of King George the First, the twenty-eighth year of his late Majesty, and the ninth year of his present Majesty's for repairing the roads from Stevenage, in they county of Hertford, to jjigglefwade, in the county of Bedford, and other roads therein mentioned.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road leading from Long Horfiey bar or gate, on the post road near the town of Morpeth, by or through Long Horfiey, weldon bridge, and ivhittingham, to the river Breamish, and from thence to Percy's Cross, in the county of Northumberland.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of severed acts for repairing the road from Highgate Gatehouse, in the county of Middlesex, to Barnet Blockhouse, in the county of Hertford j and the road jrom the bear inn in Hadley to the Angel in enfield chase; and also canewood lane leading from Highgate to Hampstead, in the said county of Middlesex; the rood beginning at bar net Blockhouse and ending at the bear inn in Hadley aforesaid,

CAP. LXXXV.

An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act, made iff the thirty second*year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road from Wakefield to Aufierlands, in the west riding in the county of York.

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 86-92, 169

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an ail, pojfei in the thirty third year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from the bars at Boughton, within the liberties of the city of Chester, to Whitechurch, and from thence to Newport, in the county of Salop, and other roads in the /aidaft mentioned; and for making a road of communication from the said road between Whitchurch Newport, to the present turnpike road from Newport aforesaid to Eccleshall, in the county of Stafford.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An act to enlarge the term of an act passed in the thirtieth year of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from Towcester, through Silverflon and Bradley, in the county of Northampton, and Ardley, and Middleton Stoney, to weston gate, in the parish of Weston on the Green, in the county of Oxford.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the Birches Brook to buildwas bridge, and from thence to join they wattling street turnpike road at tern bridge, in the county of Salop.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an ait, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for amending; widening, and keeping in repair, several' leading from the market house in the town of Much fvenlody in the county of Salop, and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from gleeton hill to Crestage, in the said county.

CAP. XC.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of three acts, of the third and seventeen\h years of the rfign of King George the Seconds and the tenth year of the reign of his present majesty, for repairing the road leading from galley corner, adjoining to enfield chase, in the parish of South Mims, in the tountyof Middlesex, /i^ems ford mill, in the county Hertford.

CAP. XCI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from stoken church, in the county of Oxford, to wheatley bridge, and from the said bridge to endow bridge, and from wheatley bridge to the mileway leading towards magdalen bridge; and from the mileway leading from Saint giles's Church, near the city of Oxford, by Begbroke, to New Woodstock, in the said county.

CAP. XCII.

An act for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an ail, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for widening and repairing die highroad leading from

Northal

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 93-96. ff 77

Northallerton to that fodth Mall of the churchyard of the town of Thirsk, and from the south edft end of the strett called

finktll jlrut, in Thirsk aforesaid, to and through the town of Eqfingwtuld, in the county of to a place called Burton 

flam near the city of York j and also the road from thir/sb aforesaid to Tepcliffi* in the north riding of the county of York.

CAP. XCIII.

An act for repealing ttrtaln parti if three feviral alls of,

of the firsts the fevtnttjtnth* and the thirtieth years of the reign of his late mmefly King George the for repairing

reads leading to and from the borough of Evestum, in the county of Worceuer: and for repairing and widening the toad from Evesham bridge, in the find to that Globe Inn in

Alcester, in that county Warwick.

CAP. XCIV.

An act for enlarging the term ini poweri of an, made in the thirtteth year of that reign of bit late majffly King George cond, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the eaffend of the town of Hertford in the county of Hertford, through Watton, to and from the

town of Ware through Watton* to the north end of the town of Waliern* in the said county.

CAP. XCV.

An act for amending widening turning altering and repair the reads from whiftlc bridge, in a/barwick,

in the aunty of Semerfet, to the turnpike parish of

Charminster, in the county of Dorset, from the croft in the town of Maiden Newton, to a flos water in the parish of South Perrott, in the county ofdorset; and from a place tailed furzc mdof Gate, in the parish of Brbadwinfor, to lenhartt's Water, in the parish of Beamister, and from bugler's corner in town of Beamister, to though Dorset Shire Inn, in the parish of Woolcombe j and from Upfydling Ewe Leaze, to the town of Cerhe Abbas, and front the t if Frsrmpton, join the western turnpike road near Steepletoh, in that said county of Dorset

CAP. XCVI.

An act for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an a mad in the thirty frond year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the jroad leading from the east side of in the

county of York, to the middle of Grange Moor and from thence to Waite Croft, and also the road from the guide post in Barugh to a rivulet called Batugh, and from thence for two hundred yards over and beyond the same rivulet or brook into the township of Cawtborne* in the said county.

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 97  103. 171

CAP. XCVII.

An act for more effectually amending, widening and keeping in repair, several roads leading from the town of Taunton, in the county of Somerset; and far repealing two acts, one of the twenty fifib year of his late Majesty, A s/arr of the fifth year of his present Majesty, relating to the said roads; for amending, widening, keeping in repair, several other roads adjoining thereto.

CAP. XCVIII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the city of Gloucester the town of Stroud, a the county of Gloucester.

CAP. XCIX.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, in the twenty

ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for amending and keeping in repair the roads leading from a place called Fryer Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and from the top of hinkfey bill to foxcombe hits Gate in the road leading to Farringdon in the county of Berks.

CAP. C

An act for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the twenty six tb year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening, the several roads leading from the Red Post, in the parish of Fivebead* through the towns of Langport and Sonterton, to Butwell; and also from Curry Rivell to Puckington Lane, and from Cambridge to Street Cross, in the county of Somerset; and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several other roads adjoining thereto.

CAP. CI.

An act for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the twenty ^jbeth year of the reign of his late majesty, for repairing and widening the roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the towns of Shepton Maiet and foelchester\ in the county of Somerset, so far as the same relates to the toads

therein called The Ivclchester Turnpike Roads.

CAP. CL

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the roads leading from the city of Gloucester, towards Cheltenham and Tewkefiury, in the county of glose after.

CAP. CIII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from chippenham bridge, in the county of Wilts, to the top of togg hill, in the county 0/gloucester; and from thetlone pillar to the top of Old Sodbury Hill, in the said county of Gloucester.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 104  109. [1778.

CAP. CIV.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an ably made in th'year of the reign of his late majesty King George IInt Second, intituled An afor repairing and widening the roads from Donnington high bridge to Hale Drovey and to the eightra mile stone, in the parish of twig tofty and to Langret Ferry $ in the county of Lincoln.

CAP. CV.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an ably made in the thirty first year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the roads from Leeds to Sheffield, in the county of York so far as the same relates to the road from Wakefield to Sheffield; and also one other ably made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty y for amending and rendering more effectual the said abt.

CAP. CVI.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of several ablsy passed in the fourth year of King George the First, and the ninth and thirtieth years of King George the Second, for repairing the highways from Crown Corner, in the town of Reading, leading by and through the several parishes of Shiftfield and Heckfield, in the several counties of Berkty Wilts and Southampton to Basing jlote, in the said county of Southampton.

CAP. CVII.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an ably passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majesty king George the Second, for repairing the road leading from the town of Morpethy by or through Mitford, Thropplty long witton9 and by the north side of Rothley Pari Wally to Sting Crofsy and to the V High Cross in Elfdon, in the county of Northumberland.

CAP. CVIII.

An act for continuing and amending an ably made in the twenty ft xth year of the reign of his late Majesty y for repairing the road leading from the town of Penrithy in the county of Cumberland, by Hutton Hally over Skelton and Castle Sower by pafiuresy and southeast braham bridge, to Chalk Becky in the said county; and also the road which branches and separates from the same road, upon Castle Sowerby Pasture aforesaid, and leads from thence through Hejktty othermithejket newmarkety to Caldbecky in the said county.

CAP. CIX.

An act to empower the trustees for amending the road fromuttoxetir to newcastle under lime, in the county of Stafford, to repair and widen the road branching out of the said road at lower lane, to the turnpike road on hem heath, in the same county.

77^0 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. i 10  114. - iyj

CAP. CX.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from the north end of dapdon wharf, in the parish of Stoke, next Guldeford, through. Guldeford to andrews Cross, and to also ld bors, in the county of Surrey, and from thence to Sdint Marfs Gate, in Arundel, in the county of Suffer.

CAP. CXI.

An act for continuing the term of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of his late Majesty, intituled, Act act for amending, repairing, and widening, the roads leading from the rye way, in the parish of Yarpole, in the county of Hereford, to Presteigne % in the county of Radnor, and from thence to Leiniwardine; and from Presteigne aforesaid, to the top of trap hill; and from the rye way aforesaid, by the Maidenhead, to Wooferton, in the county of Salop \ and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair several other roads, branching out of the roads comprised in the said act.

CAP. CXII.

An act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from the town of Northampton to chain bridge, near the town of Market Harborough, and from the direction post in Kingsthorpe, in the county of Northampton, to Welford - bridge, in the said county; and for repealing several acts, made in the eighth year of King George the First, and the twelfth and twenty-third years of his late Majesty, relating to the said roads.

---

CAP. CXIII.

An act for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for repairing, amending, and widening the road from Keighley, in the west riding of the county of York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the county of Westmoreland.

CAP. CXIV.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Tetbury, in the county of Gloucester, to and through Malmesbury, to Chippenham-bridge, in the county of Wilts; and from Malmesbury to the turnpike road at or near Jackament's Bottom, in the said county of Gloucester and also the road from Paddington to Cricklade, from thence to Malmesbury, and to the turnpike road at Aston Turville; and also from Sherstone to the turnpike road leading from Tetbury to Bath.

174 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c. 115, 116. [1778.

CAP. CXV.

An act for repealing an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road leading from a part of the road (directed to be repaired by an act passed in the last session of parliament) from Carlisle to Newcastle upon Tyne) near Glenwhelt, to another part of the road (so making from Carlisle to Newcastle) upon Shildon Common, in the county of Northumberland; and for making more effectual provision for the repair of the said road.

CAP. CXVI.

An act for altering, repairing, and widening, the road from Summer Rods Bar, near the town of Hexham, in the county of Northumberland, to the town of Alston, in the county of Cumberland.

END of PART I. VOL. XXXII

