THE

( i

Statutes at £arge,

FRqM

MAGNA CHARTA

To the END of the

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

jfyno 1761.

CONTINUE D-

By DAN BY PICKERING, of Gray’s-Inn, Efq.

Reader of the Law Lefture to that Honourable Society.

VOL. XXXVI.

CAMBRID,

Wntedby JOHN ARCHDEACON,PrintertotheUNIVERSITYi (By Ai£gnm«nt from the Executor of Mr. Charles Bathurft,)

For J. Johnson, in St. Paul's Church-yard, G.G.J.&J.Robinson, in Pater-nofter Row, and D.Ocilvy & Co. in Middle Row, Holborn, London. 1787.

CUM PRiriLEGIO,

To the READER.

THIS Edition of the Statutes at Large in 8"*' by Dan by Dickering^ Efq; was originally thought to be the more convenient, as not being fo bulky as any other Edition hitherto publifhed, and an Index thereto contained in one Volume came out about the Year 1769; which Index was brought down to the 4th of his prefent Majefty’s Reign inclufive, and afterwards a farther Index was added to the 33d Volume, continuing the former to the end of the 2jft Year of the prefent Reign. But as the Afts of Parliament are every Year encreafing, and the Volumes fo very numerous, in order that the fame may be rendered the more uleful to any Perfon, having occafion to confult any particular aft, we have fubjoined to the prefent Publication, an alphabetical Index containing an account of the fubje£t of each Aft of this SefliOn, referring to the Chapter, Section, and Page, where the fame is to be found; by which the Reader may be enabled immediately to point out fuch A6b as he may have occafion to confult; which Index is propofed to be continued annually with the Afts. •

THE

Digitized by

Digitized by boodle

THE

Statutes at iarge,

9

j4j2Xzo	vicejimo	feptitnoGeorgii III. Regis

Being the FOURTH Seflion of the Sixteenth Parliament of-Great Britain.

Voi. XXXVI. PartI.

ATABLE

Digitized by boodle

• •

X'/*

f

Digitized by

Google

T A B L E

O	F T H E

STATUTES

POBLIGK and PRIVATE, pAped Anno	{opt	ima

G E O R GII Hi; Regis:

\ Bong the Fourth Seffion of Sixteenth Parlfartient of

Great Britain'.

PUBLIC^ jers.

/ .

Cap. i.T^ O render more eflicfiual the laws now in being (Or JL fupprefling unlawful lotteries.

Cap. 2. To enable his Majefty to eftablifti a court of erimb-nal judicature on the caftcm coaft of	Wakt\ anti the

parts adjacent.

Cap. 3. For the. regulation of his Majefty** marine forces while on fhore.

Cap. 4. For continuing and granting to his Majefty certain dntlra upon njalt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the urvicc of J the year one thoufand feven hundred and cigbty-fcven.

I	Cap. 5. For granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax* to I	*n	Great Britain, for lbe feryice of the year one thod-

I Area hundred and eighty-feven.

I Cop. A.	Forpunifhiag mutiny and deter don j and for the

I better payment at the army and their quarters.

1 Cap. 7. To continue the laws sums in force for regulating the trade between the febjedts of his Msjefty’s dominions, and the iafcabjtsnre of the territories belonging to she united dates of Jmtria. and to acoder the previfien* thereof more effeftual.

VpL XXXVI.	a	Cap.	8.

Google

Digitized by *

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 8. For defraying the charge of the pay and c)othipg cAF the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand fever*, hundred and eighty-feven; for indemnifying deputy lieutenants^ and officers of the militia, who have negleCfod to transmit de— feriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by lgw, and fpr giving further tim? for tha* purpofe.--

Cap. 9. For granting rates of poftage for the conveyance of letters and packets, between Great Britain and the port of TVk— terford, in the kingdom of Ireland, by way of Milford Haven.

Cap. io. To extend the provifions or an a£t made in the twenty-fixth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An a£F for the more effectual encouragement of the Britifh fjberies.

Cap. ii. To explain anp aipeqd fo much ot an aft, made in the fixth year of the reign of Ifing George the Fjrft, intituled* An alt for making perpetual fo much of an aflf made in the tenth year of the reign of Queen A/me, for the reviving and continuing feveral aits therein mentioned, as relates to the building and repairing county gaols; and alfo analt of .the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King WHIiain the Third, for the more effectual fuppreffion of piracy ; and for making more effectual the aaof the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intittded^ 4< An att for eflee-C6 blijbing articles and orders for the regulating and better government ** of bis Majefifs Jbips of war and forces by fea” as gives difere-tionary power to magiftrates to commit vagrants, and other criminals, offenders, and perfons charged with fault offences, either to the common gaol or houfe of correction.

Cap. 12. To enable his Majefty to gram a certain annuity to the right honourable fir John Hkynner knight, late lord chief baron ot his Majefty’s court of exchequer, in confideration of his diligent and meritorious fervices, and of his faithful and upright Conduct in the execution of that office.

Cap. *3* For repealing the feveral duties of cuftoms and excite, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the faid duties, together .with the other duties compofing the publick revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the produce or manufacture of th * European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the .exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt.

Cap. 14* For paving, cleanfmg, lighting, and watching, the Jtreets, lanes, and other publick paffages and places, within the walls of the city of Canterbury, ?nd the liberties thereof; and alio feveral Areets and other places near or adjoining to the faid city; and for removing and preventing incroachments, obftruc-tlons, nuifences, and annoyances therein*

Cap. i j. For building a bridge at or near the ferry, over the river Trent % from Gainfiorongb, in the county of Lineohty to the opposite (bore, in the parifl* of Soundly, in the county of Nottingham.

Cv.i6,

Digitized by VjOOQlC

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

' Cap* 16. For making perpetual twoa&s, pafled in the fifteenth and Seventeenth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for refraining the negotiation of promiffory notes ana tills of exchange under a Banted fum, within that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap 17. For rebuilding the chapel of Eqft Stemhmefe, in the county of Devon.

Cap. 18. For making perpetual an a& made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An adt for regulating the proceedings of the court of judiciary and circuit a»rts in Scotland.

Cap. ig. To enforce and render more effectual feveral ads palled in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Sen cood, and other a&s made for the increale and encouragement of Shipping and navigation.

Cap. 20. For varying and extending the powers of the com-. pany of proprietors of the Forth and Clyde navigation.

Cap. 21. To enable the lords comir.iflioners of his Majefty's treafury to purchafe, of the proprietors of coal mines and coal works on the eftate of Pitferran, ip tho county of Fife, the right of exemption from payment of the duty on coals exported.

Cap. 22. For fale of certain houfesand ground belonging to his Majefty.

Cap. 23. For railing a certain fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thouland feven hundred and eighty-feven.

Cap. 24. For railing a further fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feveri hundred and eighty-feven.

Cap. 25. For raifing a further fum of money, by exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year ope thou fend feven hundred and eighty-fcven.

Cap. 26. To enable the lord high treafurer,or commiflioner* of the treafury, for the time being, to let to farm the duties granted by an afr, made in the twenty,-fifth year of his prefent Majefty *s reign, on horfes let to hire for travelling poft, and by lime, to fuch perfons as (houfd be willing to contra^ for the fame.

Cap. 27. For allowing the importation and exportation of certain go6ds, wares, and merchandize, in the ports of Kingfton, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the illand of Jamaica, in the port of Saint George in the illand of Grenada, in the port of Rofeau in the illand of Dominica, and in the port of Vaffau in the illand of New Providence,one of the Bahama illands, under certain regulations and reftridtions.

Cap. 28. For granting to his Majefty certain duties on glafs imported into Great Britain, and fbr altering the mode of charging the duties 00 glafs made in Great Britain.

Cap. 29. For obviating objections to the competency of wit? Defies in certain cafes.

Cap. 30. For laying additional duties upon licences to bo t*kco out by ptrfoas dealing by retail in fpiritoous liquors.

**	n , Cap. 31*

Digitized by VjOOQ 1C

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Cap* j|. For making allowances tp the dealers in foreign wines for the dock of certain foreign wines in their pofTeffion, at a certain time, Upon which the duties on importation have been paid ; and for amending feveral laws relative to the revenue of

excife. .........

Cap. 3For making further proyifions in regard to fuch vef-fels as.are particularly defcribed in an adl made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty^/^r the more effee- *■ (ual prevention of fmuggling in this kingdom y and for extending th$ ftid a St to other vcffels and boats not particularly defcribed therein ; for taking off the duties on flafles in which wine or oil is imported; for laying an additional duty on foreign geneva imported ; for taking off the duty on ebony the growth of Africa* imported into this kingdom; and for amending feveral law$ relative to the revenue of cuftoms.

Cap. 33. For granting to hi$,Majefty a certain fum of money out of the confolidated fund; and-for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one thoufand feycn hundred and eighty-feven; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament.

Cap. 34. To amend an aCf, patted in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft to enable the ihaneellor and council of the duchy of Lancafter to fell and dijpofe of eertain fee farm rents, ond other rents, and to enfroftekife copyhold Cfnd cuftomory tenements within their Purvey; and to encourage the growth of timber on lands held of the Jaid duchy; and to enable the faid chancellor,and council to,difebarge incumbrances affeCUng the poffeffions of the faid duchy*

Cap. 35. For appointing commiffioriers further to enquire irito the tees, gratuities, perquifites^and emoluments, which are, pr have been lately, received in the feveral publick offices therein mentioned; to examine into any abufes which may exift in the fame; and to report fuch obfervations as (hall occur fd them,' for the better conducting and managing the bufinefs tranfa&ed in the (aid offices.

Cap. 36. To continue feveral laws relating to the free importation of ceuain raw hides and (kins from Ireland and the Pritijb plantations in America; to the allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat and other articles to his Majefty’s fugar colonies in America; to the prohibiting the exportation of tools and utenfils made ufe of rh the iron ana fteel manufactures of this kingdom, and to prevent the feducing of artificers and workmen employed in thofe manufactures to go into parts beyond the Teas; and to the granting a bounty on the exportation of certain fpecies of Britijh and Injb linens exported, and taking off the duties on foreign raw linen yarns made of flax imported.

Cap. 37. For further regulating the trade and bufinefs of pawnbrokers.

Cap. 38, For the encouragement of the arts of defigning and printing linens, cottons, callicocs, and muffins, by veiling the

prp-

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES, properties thereof in the defigners, printers, and proprietors, for a limited time.

Cap. 39. For appointing Com midi oners further to enquire into the lofles and fervices of all fuch perfons who have fullered m their rights* properties, and profemons, during the late unhappy diflentions in America* in confequence of their loyalty to his Majefty, and attachment to the Britijb government.

Cap. 40. To indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments \ and to indemnify juftices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law* hod for giving further time for thole purpoies; and to indent* nify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whofe ad millions have been omitted to be (tamped according to law, or, having been (tamped, have been loft or miilaid; and for allowing them time to provide admiflions duly (tamped; and to give further time to fuch perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of derks to attornies and folicitors.

Cap. 41. For granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money, to be raifed by a lottery.

Cap. 42. For allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by papifts, and for the relief of purchasers.

Cap. 43. For taking and fwearing affidavits to be made ufe of in the court of felfion of the county palatine of Chefter; and for taking of fpecial bail in adions and fuits depending in the fame court.

Cap. 44. To prevent frivolous and vexatious fuits in ecde-fiaffical courts.

Cap. 45. For rebuilding the pier of Margate in the ifle of Thame, in the county of Kent\ for ascertaining, eftablilhing* and recovering certain duties, in lieu of the ancient and cuftom-aiy droits, for the fupport and maintenance of the faid pier$ for widening, paving, repairing, deanfing, lighting, and watching the Greets, lanes, highways, and publick paflfages in the town of Margate, and pari(h of Saint John the Baptijl, in the faid ifle of Tbanet5 for fettling the rates of porters, chairmen, carters, and carmen within the faid town; and for preventing encroachments, nuifances, and annoyances therein.

Cap. 46. For continuing the term of two ads, made in the eleventh year of the reign of his late Majefty George the Second* tod the third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for laying 0 bay of two pennies Scots, or one fixth part of a penny Jlerling, po* every Scots pint of ale and beer which /ball be brewed for falei bought into, vended, tapped, or fold, within the town of Aberbro-thock, and liberties thereof

Cap. 47. For redifying miftakes in the names of feveral of the commiffionets appointed by an ad made in the laft feffiort of parliament, to put in execution an ad made in the fame fcffion, intituled. An a£t for granting an aid to bis Majefty by a land tax, to be raifea in Great Britain, for the fervid

^ 2 Digitized by

ef

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Of the year one thoufand/even hundred and eighty-fix; and for up* pointing other commitftoners, together with thofe named in the firft mentioned alt, to put in execution an a& of this feflion of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax9 to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervid of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fetien.

Cap. 48. To enable the Eaft India company to continue their warehoufes already built, and to build new warehoufes, exceeding certain dimensions, freed and difcharged from the regulations and dire&ions contained in an ad made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, intituled. An afl for the further and better regulation of buildings and pftrty walls \ and for the more effefinally preventing mifchiefs by fire within the cities of London and Weftminfter, and the liberties thereof \ and other the parijhes9 prednfts, and places, within the weekly bills of mortality, the parijhes of Saint Mary le Bon, Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelfea, in the couiity of Middlefex ; and for indemnifying, under certain conditions, builders and other perjons again/} the penalties to which they are or may be liable for ere fling buildings within the limits aforefaid contrary to law.

Cap. 49. For dividing the panfh of Saint Jamesy in the city and county of Brijlol, and county of Gloucefler, and for building a church, and providing a ccemetery or church yard, and par-fonage houfe, within the new jparifh.

Cap. 50. To enable his Majefty to licence a play houfe in the town and county of the town of Newcaflle upon Tyne.

Cap. 51. For making a road from Saint Bernards Street, in the town of Leith% to the foot of Leith Walk9 in the county of Edinburgh; and for widening and enlarging certain ftreets in the city of Edinburgh, and the avenues leading to the fame; and for amending two feveral ads parted, relative to the faid city, in the twenty-nfth and twenty-Gxth years of his prefent Majefty** reign.

Cap. 52. For better lighting and watching the village of Camberwell, in the county of Surrey, and certain roads and other places adjoining or near thereto.

Cap. 53. For better draining and prefervlng certain hinds and grounds within the level ot Hatfield Chace9 and parts adjacent, in the counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham.

* Cap. 54. To render effectual the purchafe of a houfo, firuate in the parifh of Saint Luke Cbelfeay in the county of Mtddlefex% to be ufed as an additional workhoufe for the parifh of Saint George Hanover Square, within the liberty of the city of Wefmin-fier; and for other purpofes.

Cap. 55. For altering and extending the line of the cut or oanal authorized to be made and maintained by fo much of feveral ads made in the eighth, eleventh, thirteenth, and twenty-fourth years of the jreign of his prefent Majefty, as authorizes the making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the frith or river of Fortby at or near the mouth of the river of Carrotr, in the county of Stirling, to the frith or river of Clydt9

at

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

at or near a place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the county of Dumbarton', and alio a collateral cut from the fame to the city of Gb/geur, for deepening the faid cut or canal; and for explaining and amending fo much of the faid a£g as relates td the mating and maintaining the faid cut or canal.

Cap. 56. For enabling the magiftrates and town council of Pai/lty to improve the navigation of the river Cart, and to make a narigahle cut or canal acrofs the turnpike road leading froth Giafgno to Greenock.

Cap. 57. For continuing and amending feveral aefts made ill the third year of the reign of King George the Firft, the tenth year of the reign of King George the Second, and the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for hying a duty of two femes Scots, or one fixth part of a penny flerling; on every pint of ale or beer that Jball be vended or fold within the town of Dumfries, and privileges thereof, for paying the debts of the faid town, and for building a church and making a harbour there; and for laying a duty ori the tonnage of flapping, and a duty on goods imported and exported into and sit of the port of the faid town, for the better repairing of the faid harbour 1 and for paving, dcanfing, lighting, and watching the ftreets, and other publick places, within the faid town, and widening the ftreets* where neceilary* and removing and preventing nuifences therein.

Cap. 58. For veiling the (cite; buildings, and other the pre-mifes, belonging to the old gaol or prifon of the county of Suffer; in truftees* for the purpofe of conveying the fame to the right hotfcmrabie Frances vifeountefs Irwin, and her heirs ; and to declare the new gaol or prifon lately built to be the common gaol for the laid county.

Cap. 59. For making and declaring, the gaol for the county of Devon, called The High Gaol, a publick and common gaol; and (or difeharging Dennis Rollt and John Rolle efquires* and theit refpe&ive heirs and affigns, from the office of keeper of the faid gaol j aad for improving and enlarging the fame, or building a new one; and alfo for taking down the chapel in the caule of Exeter; and for other purpoie* therein mentioned.

Cap. 60. For building a new gaol, and providing a propel prifon for debtors* and houfe of correction, for the feveral boroughs, towns corporate, liberties, franchifes, and all other pbccs, within thfc county of Stafford, and for regulating the lame refpedively. .

Cap. 61. For taking down the guild hall or town hall in the borough of Grantham* in the county of Lincoln; and rebuilding the fame.

Cap. 6a. For taking down and rebuilding the chapel of Han-ley, in the county of Stafford$ for veiling the right of nomination in truftecS; and for enlarging the chapel yard; and other purpofes.

Cap. 63. For rebuilding the church of the pariih of Saint Mary IVanJledt alias Wanjlead, in the county of BJfex.

a ^	Cap.	64*.

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE Of thd STATUTES.

Cap. 64. For building a new chapd upon Pottfmutb Comwurr** in the parifh of Portfeay in the County of Southampton.

Cap. 65. For confirming a charter or letters patent grantcel by his Majeftv to the royal college and corporation of furgeon* of the city of Edinburgh, fo far as relates to a fcheme of raififfis a fund for a provifion for the widows and children of the menn— bers of the faid corporation, and of their clerk, with certain alterations 5 and for eftablifhing the faid fcheme, and impoweriogj the corporation, and the truftees and officers eleCled for managing the fund, effectually to carry the faid fcheme into execution.

Cap. 66. For dividing and indofing the low lands and common fens within the hamlet of Martin, in the parifh of Timber-*-landy and within the parifh of Blankneyy in the county of Lim— coin; and for draining and preferving the low lands and fens tvithin the faid hamlet of Martin, and the parifh of Bionkney* and within the hamlet of Linwood, in the faid parifh of Blanks ney.

Cap. 67. For the better repairing, paving, cleanfing, lighting* and watching, the highways, ftreets, and lanes, of and in the town and port of Sandwich, in the county of Kent, and in the feveral parilhes of Saint Peter the ApoJlley Saint Mary the Virgin* and Saint Clement, in the faid town, port* and county; and for removing and preventing incroachments, nuifances, obftruc-tions, and annoyances, in the faid highways, ftreets, and lanes* Snd on the common quay belonging to the faid town and port* and in the haven adjoining to the faid quay, and the bridge built over the faid haven$ and for regulating the births and mooring places of veffels at the faid quay, and the proper times for veffels to pafs through the faid bridge.

PL/BL1CK ACTS not printed in this Collection.

Cap. 68. For more effectually repairing the roads leading from Mead Brook which divides the parifhesof PucUechurcb and jfAangetsfieldy in the county of Gloutefter, to Cbrijlian Malfori Bridge, in the county of Wilts \ and from PucUechurcb afore-faid, to certain eoal mines in the faid parifh.

Cap. 69. For continuing and enlarging the term and powers of feveral aCls made in the tenth year of the reign of King George the Firft, the fixteenth year of the reign of King George the Second, and the ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty,/ir repairing the road from the north part of Harlow Bufh Common, in the parifh of Harlow, to Woodford, in the county of Effex; and for repairing and widening the road from Epping through the parifhes of Nortlnueald Bajfet, Bobbingworth, High Ongar ^ Chip• ping Ongar, and Shelley y to the Four Want Wayy in the faid parifh of Shelleyy and from thence through the parHhes of High Ongar and Norton ManieviHe, to the parifh 01 Writtle, in the faid county.

e	Cap. 70.

Digitized by v^ooQle

STABLE of cha STATUTES.

Cap. 70. Ter enHtging the term of an ad of the fifth year ef his prefent Majefty,	for~repairingand keeping in

fer, tbc rod leading from tie turnpike read at Wrothant Heath* is tbe cnentj tf Kent, to the turnpike road leading from Croydon to Godfkne, in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 71. For making, maintaining, and repairing a road, from the weft end of the bridge, intended to be built at or near tbe ferry over the river Trent from , in the county of	Lincoln, to	the parifh of Soundly, in the county of Notting-

ham, through the feveral pari fries of Soundly, Btckingham, Bole, North Wheatley, Hayton, and Clatthorough, to Eaft Retford, all fituate in the faid county of Nottingh with a fide branch from the boundary gate, between the faid parilhes of Beckingbam and Saundby, through the faid pariih of Beckingbam, and the parish of Grhegley on tbe Hill, in the fame county, to the town of Gringley an tbe Hill aforefaid.

Cap. 72. Fot continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an ad, palled in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty	, for repairing,Widening, and keeping in repair,

the road hading from tbe turnpike road on Hurft Green, in tbe eounty of Suflex, through Etchingham and Burwafh, to tbe extent of the /aid pttrijb e/Burwafh, in the faid county.

Cap. 73. For continuing the term of three ads, of the thirteenth year of King George the Firft, tbe twenty-firft: year of bia late Majefty, and the twelfth year of his prefent Majefty, fo far as the fame relate to the roads from Birmingham, through Wei-uefbury, to High Bolin, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to The Port Way, at the end of	DarlaLane, next to Bilflon, and

to Nether Trindle,near Dudley, in the counties of Warwick, cefier, and Stafford; and for making and keeping in repair a road from Troufe Lane, in the parifh of Wednejbury, to Darlajlon, in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 74. To enlarge tbe term and powers of an ad, pafTed in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing end widening tbe roads from Key berry Bridge to the paffagt at ShalMon, and from tbefata bridge to the pier or harbour of Torkey, in tbe eounty of Devon.

Cap. 75. For enlarging the term and powers of an ad, paired in the feventh year of the reign of his prefent majefty King George the Third, intituled. An a£i for repairing and

ingJtveralroads in tbe county of Brecon; and for amending certain other roads m the faid county.

Cap. 76. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the town of Nottingham to the town of Mans-fiHd,in the county of Nottingham.

Cap. 77. For continuing and amending an ad of the twenty-eghth year of his late Majefty, fo far as the fame relates to the roads from The Hand and Poft at the top of Burford , in the county of	Gleutefltr, to Stow on	tbe Wold, and from thenee to

Paddle Brooki and from The Grofs Hands on	Hill,	in the

county

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES;

county of Oxford, to The Hand and Pojl in the parKh of Witting* ton, in the county of Gloucefter.

Cap. 78. For enlarging the term and powers of an a<St of the firft year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the roads from the city of Gloucefter to the top of BirdJip Hill, and from the /oat of the /aid hill to the top a/’Crickley Hill.

Cap. ^9. To enlarge the tprm and powers of an aft, made in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road from the burgh of Lauder, in the Jhire of Berwick, to and through Kelfo, in the /hire of Roxburgh, to The Marchburn.

Cap. 80. For continuing the term, and varying the powers of an aft of the fecond year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the roads from Kipping’s Crofs, in the county of Kent, to Lambcr-hurft Pound and Pullen’s Hill, in the fid county\ and to Flimwell Vent, in the county of Suflex; and alfo for repairing the roadfrom the turnpike gate at Lamberhurft found aforefaid, through out Lane, and by Hope Mill, to the turnpike road at Clay Hi!), in the parifh of troudhurft, in the county ofliLtnt. ,

Cap. 81. For continuing the term, and varying the powers** of an aft of the eighth year of his prefent Majefty, for repairingy widening, turning, and altering the road leading from Reading in the county of Berks, through Henley, in the county of Oxford, and Great Marlow, Chipping Wycombe, Agmondefyiam, and Cheynes,m the county of Bucks, and Rfckmanfworth,Watford, and Saint Albans, to Hatfield, in the county of Hertford: and alfo the road leading out of the faii road at Marlow, over Great Marlow Bridge, through Byftiam, to or near the Thirty Mile Stone, in the turnpike road leading from Maidenhead to Reading.

Cap. 82. For continuing and amending three afts, of the thirteenth year of King George the Firft, the twenty-firft year of his late Majefty, and the twelfth year of his prefent Majefty^ fo far as the fame relate to the roads from a place called The Nether Trindle, near Dudley, to Kingfwinford9 and to the further end of Brittle Laney within the counties of Stafford and Worcester \ and for making and keeping in repair a road from or near to The Ncthfr Trindle aforefaid, to Tipton Green9 in the faidi counties.

Cap. 83. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powefs or feveral afts, made in the twenty-fixth and twenty* fevetith years of the reign of his late majefty f£ing George the Second, and the fixth year of the reign ot his prefent Majefty, fo far as relates to the road leading from Glafgow to Redburn Bridge*, and fof altering the courfe of the road from Glafgow to Redburn Bridge; and for repairing the road from Redburn Bridge to Bonny Water, and from thence to or near Loanheady in the county of Stirling, there to join the turnpike road leading from Falkirk to Kiljyth.

Cap. 84. For enlarging the term and powers of an aft made in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for amending the road from the Pinfold in Balby, in the county of York, to Workfop, in the county 0/Nottingham.

Cap. 8$.

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of* the STATUTES:

Chp. 85. For continuing the term, and altering and entarg* ing the powers of an ad, pafled in the twenty-ninth year of his law Majefty, for repairing tbe roads from Shrewlbury to Prefton Brockhurft, to Shawbury, and to Shreyhill, in the county of Salop; and for repairing feveral other roads in the laid county.

Cap. 86. For enlarging the term and powers of an ad, pafled m tbe firth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty,/ir repairing and widening tin road from Beverley, by Molfcroft, to Kendal Hoofe, and from Molfcroft to Bainton Balk, in the county of York.

Cap* 87. For enlarging the term and powers of an ad, made in the firth year of the reign of his prefent majefty King George the Third, for repairing and widening tbe road from A (hborne to Sudbury, and from Sudbury to Yoxall Bridge, and from the turnpike road upon Hatton Moor, to Tutbury, in the counties of Derby and Stafford.

Cap. 88. For enlarging the term and powers of an ad, pafled in the firth year of the reign of his prefent majefty King George the Third,/ir repairing and widening tbe road from High Bridges, in tbe county of Stafford, to Uttoxeter, andfrom Sparh to Hanging Bridge, and from Tewnall’s Lane to Yoxall Bridge, in the fnd county, (o far as the fame relates to the two diftrids of road therein described.

Cap. 89. For repairing and widening the road leading from the borough of Berwick upon Tweed by Ayton Bridge, and the new hridjge over the pees or pafs of Goclburnfpatb, to Dunglafs Bridge, and alfo the roads leading from Billie Caufeway and Prefien Bridge, to join the faid road at or near Cockburnfpatb Tower, in tbe county of Berwick.

Cap. 90. For enlarging the term and powers of an ad, pafled is the firth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty,/ir repairing and widening the road from Muckley Comet to Walfall and Wed-nefbury, and to Leigh Brook and Ocker Hill, and feveral other roads in the county of Stafford, fo far as the fame relates to the two firft diftrids of roads therein comprized.

. Cap. 91. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an ad of the fixth year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road leading from High Bullen in Wednefbory, to tbe further end of Darlafton Lane, next The Portway, and from thence through Bilfton, to the further end of Gibbet Lane, and fivtral other roads leading to ana from Bilfton, in tbe aunry of Stafford.

Cap. 92. For enlarging tbe term and powers of two ads, failed in tbe twelfth and twenty-fourth years of the reign of bis late majefty King George the Second, for repairing tbe road between Stamford ml Grantham, in the county 0/Lincoln.

Cap. 93. For amending and widening the roads from the city of Cbefter to the Woodjide Ferry, in the townfhip of Birkenhead, in the county of Cbejttr% and from the faid city to the aflembly houfc in Parkgate, in the townfhip of Great Nejlon, in the faid county; and from Great Nejlon aforefaid, to the faid tVoodfide Ferry j and from tbe road leading from the city of Chefter to

Parkgate

Digitized by Goodie

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Porigate aforefoid, to the road leading froth the forte city to the faid Wnifidt Ferry.

Cap. 94. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of an aft, made in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and amending the road from the pre-* fent turnpike road, in the parijb of Hurfley, in the county of Southampton, through the borough of Andover, to the town Newbury, in the county of Berks, and from Newbury to Chilton Pond, and Newfown River; and for amending and keeping in repair th6 toad from the fouth end of Bartholomew Street, in the faid town 6f Newbury, to the turnpike road at Speenhamland, in the faid county of Berks.

Cap* 95. For reviving, continuing, and enlarging, the term and powers of an aft, parted in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for amending and widening the road, from d place near the village of Milford, through Haflemere, to the Portsmouth road between Lippock and Rake, in the feveral counties of Surry, Sufiex, and Southampton.

PRIVATE ACTS.

!• A N aft for naturalizing George JVakerbarth.

/A a An aft for dividing and inclofing feveral open fields and ftintecl paftures within the townlhip of Cracoe, in the parifh of Burnfally in the weft riding of the county of York.

3.	An aft for naturalizing Solomon DedeL

4.	An aft fjr dividing and inclofing the common* and wafte lands within the parilhes of Keffingland and Covehitbe, otherwise North Hales, in the county of Suffolk.

5.	An aft for diyiding and inclofing the open common fields, common meadows, cow-commons, litichets, and pieces or parcels of wafte land, pr other ground, intermixed with or adjoining to the faid common fields and common meadows, tituate in the parifti of Goring, in the county of Oxford.

6* An aft for naturalizing Daniel Graff

7.	An aft for naturalizing Peter Everhard Camper.

8.	An aft for naturalizing George Chandler and Maria Chan-Her.

9.	An aft for naturalizing Peter John Hofch.

10- An aft for fettling and fecuring certain part* and portions bf the lands arid barony of WilVtamJlon, the lands of Drumdewan, Lednocii manftOn houfe of Lednod, and others, lying within the County of Perth, to, and in favour of, Thomas Graham efquire, of Balgowan, and the fame ferics of heirs ii\ fee tail, and under the fame conditions and limitations as are mentioned and contained in a deed of entail, made in the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty-fix; and for veiling in the aforefaid T!)omas Graham, and bis heirs and afligns, in fee fimpie* the lands and

barony

Digitized by v^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

beamy of Stair Newton, of Biair	of	Pitmurthly Mam,

and others, lying within the aforefaid county of Perth, and ooapoty of Forfar.

I t. An »Pt to diflblve the marriage of William	cf-

qoize, with Geergiana Ann Poyntz, his now wife, and to enable bin* to marry again, and for other purpoSes therein mentioned.

a*. An aa for divining and inclohng the open and common Atyfr, common meadows, common pafture*, commons, wade, another commonable lands, within the manor and parifo of Ciggs, in the county of Oxford.

Iju .An a A for dividing and iadofing the open arable AtHds, meadows, naftures, commons,, and wafte grounds, within the . town (hip of Spcjfortb, in the parifti of	,in thecounrypf

KtrA

Aa ad for naturalizing John Jacob JdirleL , in An ad for-difohaigixig divers manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, belonging to fir Edward	.b*>

ronet, and Andrew Bayntun Rolfefquire, from a, certain limjta-tioo contained in an indenture of releafe, bearing date the twenty-fccond day of Auguft one thoufand (even hundred and feventy-fevea.

>6- An ad for dividing and inclofing the cpmuiop* and wsfte lands within the pari(h of Weft Harptree QtherwifHorpUry, in the county of Sgmtrfet.

17.	Aa ad for veiling pert of the fettled aftates of Ibe sight

honourable George Janus carl	ip	the	county	of

Chtfter, m the laid earl Cbolmendeley, in fee 6ntpW, and for fettling an eftate of greater value, ip the fame county, in lieu thereof. -t8. An adfor veiling certain eftates in the epurwies ofBuiforA, Northampton, Mix, Afiddlefex, and	by,	«te

wtU of Tbaphilm Dillingham efquire, deccap^,,,in DHUngham Brampton Gordon Dillingham efquire, and his heir?, and fot fet> ding another eftate, of greater value, in the county of Norfolk, to the fame ufcs as the deviled eftates now ft ami limited. . .

19. An'ad for discharging certain manors, qteftuages, Ifode, tenements, end hereditaments, in the fevsral counties of Rent, Surrey,	Middiefex,and Berts,	part of the eftate. of Oldfield

(Squire, from the uSes, eftates, and trufts, declared concerning the tot, in and bv the Settlement made previous to the tutorage of the faid Oldfield Bowles with Mery his now wife, and for feeding the maoor of North fi/hon, and other lands and hereditaments in the county of Oxford, of greater value, in lieu therm of, to the like ufcs.

ap. An a# for veftipg the tythes and eftate at Orton, in the coqnty of Northampton belonging to Hofpital in the Same county, in John Peach Hungerford efquire^ for bis life, with remainders over, and for fouling a rent charge out of the faid eftate, and other hereditaments of the faid John Hunger-ford,,at Orton aforefaid, in lieu,thereof.

21.	Ana& to diffidve tie marriage of the boneurabk Edfoord

Digitized by

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

•Pdfiy with the right honourable lady Arm Coventry> his now wife and for other purpofes.

22.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and commoi fields and commonable places in the parifh of Bittefwell, in th< county of Leicejler.

23.	An aft to confirm an agreement for dividing, inclofing and exchanging the lands and other eftates within the lordfhij: of Trowel!, in the county of Nottingham, and for uniting th< two medieties of the reftory of the parilh church of Trowel aforefaid.

5*4. An aft for dividing and inclofing certain moors, commons, or wafte grounds, in the parilh of Kirhbymalzearl, in the county of York.

25.	An aft for dividing'and inclofing the feveral common mnA open fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and wafte grounds, within the manor and hamlet of Borrow upon Trent, in the parilh of Barrow upon Trent, in the county of Derby.

26.	An aft for dividing and inclofing certain open and Common fields, meadows, paftures, fens, and wafte lands, within the parilh of Dorrington9 in the county of Lincoln.

27.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the common fields, common paftures, common meadows, common grounds, and wafte grounds, in the parilhes of Sarfden and Churchill, and tything of Lyneham9 Merrtfcourt, and Finefcourt, in the parilh of Sbipten under Whichwood9 in the codnty of Oxford.

- 28* An aft for naturalizing Frederick Hippius.

2g. An aft for veiling the eftates in the county of York, and alfo the heir looms, deviled and bequeathed by the will of the honourable and mod reverend Robert late lord archbifliop of York, in truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the monies to arife from fuch fales in the purcbafe of eftates to be fettled to the fame ufes.

30.	An aft for rendering valid and effeftual the powers of We and exchange inferted in the fettlement made on the marriage

Robert Satujbury efquire, with Katherine his wife.

31.	An aft for veiling part of the eftates late of William Simp?-fin efquire, in the counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham, in truftees, to be ibid, and for laying out the money arifing by fuch file in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled, in lieu thereof, to the fame ufes.

32.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the common fields, within the townlhh) of LaJUngbamy in the north riding of the county of York.

33.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the commons and wafte grounds within the manor or reputed manor and parilh of MiU wich9 in the county of Stafford.

34.	An aft for allotting, dividing, and inclofing the feveral moors, commons, and wafte grounds, within the manor or manors, and townlhip or townmips of Steeton and EaJUntm, in the parilh of Kildwick, in the county of York•

35. Aa

Digitized by v^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

35.	An ad for dividing an<) indofing the feveral open field*, common meadows, common paftures, and wafte grounds, within or belonging to (be hamlet of , in the county of Derby-

36.	An aa for dividing and indofing the common open fields, commonable lands, and wafte grounds, in the liberty of Little

Eaton*within the manor of Little Cbtjler, in the county of Derby.

37.	An «a for dividing and indofing the feveral common and

open Beids, meadows, paftures, commons, and wade grounds, within the liberties of Atelbourn and King's	,	in	the	parifh

and lordfhip of Melbourne* in the county of Derby.

38.	An afi for indofing, and leafing, or letting, certain commons or wafte grounds lying within the townfhip or conflable-vick of Uttexeter* in the county of Stafford* called The High IVtod and The Heath, and applying the profits thereof in aid of the poors rate, or other taxes, or publics ex peaces, within the faid townfhip or conftablewick, and within the conftablewick of the redory of Uttoxeter.

39 An aft for naturalising William Hemejer.

40. An aft for dividing and indofing the open fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and wafte grounds, lying within the parifh of Ratelifft upon Trent, in the county of Nottingham.

4.x* An aft for dividing and indofing the open fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and wafte grounds, in the lordfhip or liberty of Craptodl Butler, and a certain intercommon field and meadow called The Fern Field and Gnat Meadow, lying intermixed in the faid lordfhip and the lordfhip of Crepweu Bijbop* in the county of Nottingham.

Tba End */the TABLES.

THE

Digitized by boodle



Digitized by boodle

THE

Statute* at lUrgc,

j4?mo vicejitno oEiavo Georgii III. Regis

Being the FIFTH Seflion of the Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain*

Voi. XXXVI. Part II.

A TABLE

Digitized by boodle

••

Digitized by boodle

A		
TAB  OF THE	L	E
STATU	T	E S
FUBLICK and PRIVATE,		

Failed Anno vi oSiavo

GEORGII III. Regis:

Being the Fifth Seffion of the Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBL1CK AC<tS.

Cap. i. TTtOR continuing and granting to his Majefty certain J7 duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and eighty-eight.

Cap. 2. For granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight.

Cap. 3. For the regulation of his Majefty’s marine forces while on fhorc.

Cap. 4. For charging an additional duty on fpirits manufactured in Scotland, and imported into England.

Cap. 5. To continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the fubjedts of his Majefty’s dominions, and the inhabitants of ther territories belonging to the united ftates of Jamea9 fo far as the fame relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom hnd the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the faid united ftates.

Cap. 6. For regulating the trade between the fubjedts of his Majefty’s colonies and plantations in North America, and in the Wtfl India iftands, and the countries belonging to the united ftates of America ; -and between his Majefty’s laid fubjedts and tbe foreign iflands in the Weft Indies.

a 2	Cap.	y

Digitized by

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

' Cap, 7. To amend and render more effectual an aft, made in the fifteenth year of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft to prevent the counterfeiting of gold and fiver lace% and for fettling and adjufing the proportions offine fiver and flky and for the better making of gold and filter thread.

Cap. §. For removing any doubt refp^&ing the power of the commidtoners forVhe affairs of India, todireft that the expence of raifing, tranfporting, and maintaining, fuch troops as may be judged neceflary for the ftcririty of the Britijb territories and pofreflions in the Eafl Indies, fhould be defrayed out of the revenues arifibg from the faid territories and poffeflion* 5 and for limiting the application of the faid revenues in the manner therein mentioned.

Cap. 9. For enabling the right honourable George earl Brooke and earl of Warwick, to build a new bridge over the river Avon, in the borough of Warwick, and to open proper roads and ways thereto.

Cap. 10. For pulling down' the church of Saint James at ClerkenwelU in the county of Miidlifexy add for building a new church, arid makfng a new church-yard, or cemetery, in the faid parifh, with convenient avenues and paffages thereto.

Cap. 11. For defraying the charge of the pay and ftoathing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for ope year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight.

Cap. 12. For punifhing mutiny and defertion ; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 13. For enlarging and varyiqg fomeof the powers contained in certain afts of parliameht relating to the watching, fighting* and dealifmg the ftreets and other pTaces within the town of Liverpool, and for removing and preventing nuifances and annoyances therein.

Cap. 14. For more effeftually draining and preferving certain fen lands and low grounds in the manor or towtilhip of North Kyme, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 15. For fupplying with water the town of South Shieldu and parts adjaceht, and the (hipping referring to the faid town.

Cap. 16. For repealing an aft, made in the fecond and third years of the reign of Kirig Edward thre Sixth, intituled. An aft againf the carrying of white aftes* etui of the realm.

Cap. 17. For the better regulation of the manufafture of ounce thread.

Cap. 18. For raifing a certain fum of money by loans or exchequer bilk, for the fervice of the year one rhoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight.

Cap. 19. For raifing a further fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight.

Cap. 20. For amending an aft made in the twenty-fixth .year of his prefent Majefty’s reign yfor the eneourngement of the fouthern whale fijbery \ and for making further provifions for that porpofe.

Cap. 21.

. Digitized by

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 21. For granting to bis Majefty a certain fiim of money, to be railed by a lottery.

Cap. 22. To indemnify luch perfons as have omitted to qua- . lify thexnfeives for offices and employments$ and to indemnify, juftkes of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for rhofe purpoies; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whole admiffions have been omitted to be (lamped according to law, or, having been (lamped, have been loft or xniftaid ; and for allowing them time to provide admiffions duly ftamped; and to give further time to fuch perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks toattornies and folicitors, or to pay the duties on the indentures and contracts of clerks, apprentices, or fervants; and, for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to tranfmit defcriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law; and for giving further time for that purpofe.

Cap. 23. To continue feveral laws, relating to the clandeftine running of uncuftomed goods, and preventing frauds relating to the cuftoms; to the encouraging the growth of coffee 4n his Majefty’s plantations in America; to the further puni(hment of perfons going armed or difguifed, ifi defiance of the laws of cuf-toms or excife; tothe more effectually encouraging the manu-fa&ures of flax and cotton in Great Britain; to the allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and-other articles, to his Majefty’s fugar colonies in America; to the permitting the exportation of tobacco-pipe clay from this kingdom to the firi-tijb fugar colonies or plantations in the Weft Indies ; to the prohibiting the exportation of tools and utenfils made ufe of in the iron and fteel manufactures of this kingdom, and to prevent the reducing of artificers and workmen, employed in thofe manufactures, to gp into parts beyond the Teas; and to the prevents ing the claodeftme running of goods, and the danger of infection thereby: and to revive and continue feveral laws relating to the allowing a drawback of the duties on rum (hipped as (tores to be confirmed on board merchant (hips on their voyages j and to the afeertaining the ftrength of fpirits by Clarke's hydrometer.

Cap. 24. To continue feveral laws relating to the granting a bounty on the exportation of certain fpecies of Britijb and Irijh linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax j and to the preventing the committing of frauds by bankrupts; and for continuing and amending feveral laws relating to the imprifonment and trahf-portation of offenders.

Cap. 25. To render more effectual an a<Sl paffed in the twenty-Gxeh year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An at1 for greeting certain light-koufes in the northern parts of Great Britain.

C*p. 26, For granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money

a 3	out

Digitized by Google

A T ABLE of the STATUTES.

out of the confolidated fund; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one thoufand fever* hundred and eighty-eight; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffton of parliament.

Cap. 27. For reducing the duties on the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the growth, produce, or manufacture, of any of the European dominions of the ftates general of the Unilei Provinces, into this kingdom.

Cap. 28. To exempt certain licences, granted to rtipendiary curates, from ftamp duties.

Cap. 29. To enable the Eaji India company to borrow a further fum of money upon bond.

Cap. 30. To enable juftices of the peace to licenfe theatrical representations occafionly, under the reftridtions therein contained.

Cap. 31. For appointing commiffioners further to enquire into the Ioffes of all fuch perfons who have fuffered in their properties, in confequence of the ceffion of the province of Eafi Florida to the king of Spain.

Cap. 32. For verting the eftates of Edward Henvill in truftees to be fold ; and for applying the money arifing by the fale thereof in difcharge of a debt owing by him to the crown.

Cap. 33. To repeal the duties and drawbacks of curtoms and excite payable on the importation and exportation of wine, (except wine the produce of the European dominions of the French king, Rbtnijby German, and Hungary wine, Portugal and Madeira wine and wine of the produce of Spain, or of any of the dominions of the king of Spain),' and for granting other duties and drawbacks in lieu thereof; to repeal the duty of excite upon foreign green glafs bottles imported, and for charging an additional duty of curtoms in lieu thereof; for afcertain-ing the duty on carriages, the manufa&ure of the European dominions of the French king, imported dire&Iy from thence; for obviating a doubt with refpeS to the duties on white woollen cloths exported; and for refervingto his Majerty the hereditary and other revenues of the crown in Scotland.

Cap. 34. More effectually to fecure the performance of quarantine, and for amending feveral laws relating to the revenue of curtoms.

Cap. 35* To enable his Majerty to make fuch regulations as may be neceffary to prevent the inconvenience which might arife from the competition of his Majefty’s fubjects and thofe of the moft Chriftian king, in carrying on the filhery on thecoafts of the ifland of Newfoundland.

Cap. 36. For the better Securing the rights of perfons qualified to vote at county elections.

Cap. 37, For repealing the duties on buck or deer (kins un-dreffed, buck or deer (kins Indian half-dreffed, and elk (kins unc^reffed, imported, and on hides and (kins dreffed in oiF in this kingdom, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; for laying a duty on fluffs printed, painted, rtained, or dyed in

Great

Digitized by v^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Great Britain; allowing deer and other (kins, the produce o£ Florida, to be fold by auction free from the duty charged on fuch fales; for amending: feveral laws relative to the revenue of ex-cife ; and to prevent the fale of fweets fpr coiffumption in the hoofes of retailers thereof, who (hall not have licences to fell beer or ale.

Cap. 38. To explain, amend, and reduce into one aft of parliament, feveral laws now in being for preventing the exportation of live (heep, rams, and lambs, wool, wodfels, mort-iings, (hortlings, yam, and worded, cruels, coverlids, waddings, and other manufactures, or pretended manufactures, made of wool (lightly wrought up, or otherwife put together, fo as the fame may be reduced to and made ufe of as woo) again, roattrafles or beds (luffed with combed wool, or wool fit for combing, fullers earth, fulling clay, and tobacco-pipe clay, from this kingdom, and from the ifles of Jerfey, Guernfejy Alderney y SarJty and Man^ into foreign parts; and for rendering more effectual an aCt paffed in the twenty-third year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled. An alt for tbe winding of wool.

Cap. 39. To allow the importation of rum, or other (pints, from bis Majefty’s colonies or plantations in the Weft Indies into the province of Quebec* without payment of duty, under certain conditions and redactions.

Cap. 40. For giving relief to fuch perfons as have fuffered in their rights and properties, during the late unhappy diflentions in America, in confequence of their loyalty to his Majefty, and attachment to the Britijb government; and for making compen-lationto fuch perfons as have fuffered in their properties, in confequence of the ceflion of the province of Eaft Florida to the king of Spain.

Cap. 41. To enable his Majefty to grant a certain annuity to the mod noble Aubrey duke of Saint Alban.

Cap. 4a. For obviating a doubt in an aCt, made in the twen-ty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An all forfettling and fe curing a certain annuity for tbe ufe of lady Maria Carlton, wife of fir Guy Carlton, knight of tbe moft honourable order of tbe Batby and Guy Carlton, and Tnomas Carlton, font of the faid fir Guy Carlton, in confideration of the eminent fervicet performed by him to his Majefty and this country.

Cap. 43. For obviating a doubt in an aCt, made in the twen-ty-fixrh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An is to enable hit Majefty to grant a certain annuity to Brook Watfon tfomu late commifjary general in North America, in confideration if bis diligent and meritorious fervices in that office.

Cap. 44. For appointing oommiflioners further to enquire into the Ioffes and fervices of all fuch perfons who have fuffered in their rights, properties, and profeffions, during the late unhappy diflentions in Americay in confequence of their loyalty to his Majefty, and attachment to the Britijb government.

a 4	'	Cap.	45.

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 45. To prohibit, for a limited time, the exportation of hay.

Cap. 46. For difcontinuing, for a limited time, the feveral duties payable in Scotland upon low wines and fpirits, and Upon worts, wafh, and other liquors there ufed in the diftillation of fpirits, arid for granting to his Majefty other duties in lieu thereof ; and for better regulating the exportation of j?r//^-made fpirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England \ and to continue for a limited time, an ad made in the twentv-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, to difconlinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon tow wines and fpirits for home confumption \ and for granting and fecuring the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the itiaking and vending Britifh fpirits \ and for difcontinuing for a limited time, certain impojls and duties upon rum and fpirits imported from the Weft Indies.

Cap. 47. For allowing further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by Papifts, and for the relief of Proteftant pur-chafers.

Cap. 48. For the better regulation of chimney-fweepers, and their apprentices.

Cap. 49. To enable juftices of the peace to ad as fuch, in ccrtaiti cafes, out of the limits pf the counties in which they adually are.

Cap. 50. To amend, and continue, for a limited time, an ad paffed in the twenty-feventh year of the r^ign of his preferit Majefty* intituled, An at1 for further regulating the trade and bufs-tufs of pawnbrokers.

Cap. 51. To explain, amend, and enlarge the powers of fa much of two ads pafled in the eleventh and fifteenth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for improving and completing the navigation of the rivers Thames and Iks, from the city 0/* London to the town of Cricklade, in the county of Wilts, as relates to the navigation of the faid rivers from the boundary of the jurifdidion of the city of London, near Staines, in the county of Middlejexy to the faid town of Cricklade.

Cap. 52. For the further regulation of the trials of controverted eledions, or returns of members to ferve in parliament.

Cap. 53 To indemnify and fave harmlefs all perfons who may have incurred penalties or forfeitures under an ad, pafled in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An aft to diffolve the prefent and prevent the future combination of coal owners, lightermen, majlers of fhjps, and others, to advance the price of coals, in prejudice of the navigation, trade, and manufactures of this kingdom, and for the further encouragement of the coal trade; and alfo an ad, pafled in the third year ofithe reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An act for the better regulation of the coal trade ; and for the better preventing of combinations in the trade of coals.

Cap. 54. To regulate, for a limited time, the (hipping and carrying ilaves in Britifh veflcls from the coaft of Africa.

Cap. 55.

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 55. Fox the l>etter and more effectual protefUon of ftocbng frames* and the machines or engines annexed thereto, or ufod therewith ; and for the punilhment of perfons deftroy-mg or injuring of fuch (locking frames, machines, or engines, and the framework-knitted pieces, (lockings, and other articles and goods ufcd and made in the hoGery or framework-knitted manufactory 5 or breaking or deftroying any machinery contained in any mill or mills ufed or any way employed in preparing or (binning of wool or cotton for the ufe of the flocking frame.

(Jap. 56. To repeal an a<3, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for tht regulating the inferences on Jbips, and on goods, merchandizes, or effefts j and for (ubftitutlng other provifions, for the like purpofe, in lieu thereof.

Cap. 57. For limiting the number of perfons to be carried on the outfide of ftage coaches or other carriages.

Cap. 58. For enlarging and improving the harbour of Leith ; for making a new bafon, quays, wharfs, or docks; for building warehoufes; for making new roads, and widening others, leading to and from the faid. harbour ; and for empowering the lord provoft, magifirates, and council of the city of Edinburgh, to purchase lands, houfes, and areas; and to borrow money for thefe purpofes.

Cap. 59. For eftablifhing a permanent fund for the relief and /upport of (kippers and keelmen employed on the river Tyne9 who by ficknefs, or other accidental misfortunes, or by old age, lhall not be able to maintain themfelvcs and their families; end alfo for the relief of the widows and children of fuch (kippers and keelmen.

Cap. 60. To explain and amend an a<ft, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent majefty Kjng George the Third, for paving, ckanfmg, lighting, watching, and regulating the fquarei% Jlreets9 rows9 lanes, alleys, and other publick pajfages and places, within the parijb of Chrift Church, in Middlefex 5 and for romoving nuifancts and obftruftions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; andfor paving and regulating fuch parts of Biick Lane as are not within the faid parijb.

Cap. 61. For continuing an adf, made in the fecond year of I tht reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for enlarging the term and powers of feveral afts of parliament, relating to the 1 harbour of Whitehaven, in the county of Cumberland, and to the roads leading to the faid harbour and town of Whitehaven, and for further enlarging the faid harbour; and for lighting the faid town, end fupplying the fame with water; and for regulating the carmen there; and for repealing fo much of an oft of the twenty-thirdyear of the reign of his late Majefty, as relates to the road from Calder Bridge to Egremont, and direfting how the faid road fball be repaired; and for repairing feveral other roads .therein mentioned, in fhe faid county.

Cap. 62. For pulling down and rebuilding the parifh church

of

Digitized by boogie

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

of Saint Peter le Poor, within the city of London, and for widening the ftreet adjacent.

Cap. 63. For charging fcveral eftates in the counties of tbumberland, Cumberland, and Durham, fettled upon the late Charles Radcliffe, deceafed, for life, with remainder to his fifU and other fons, in tail male, with the payment of a clear yearl^ rent charge of two thoufand five hundred pounds, payable to the grandlon of the faid Charles Radcliffe, the right honourable Anthony James earl of Newburgh, and the heirs male of his body to be begotten.

Cap. 04. For the better paving, cleanfing,' and lighting tbe town of Cambridge; for removing and preventing obftrultions and annoyances; and for widening the ftreets, lanes, and other paffages within the faid town.

Cap. 65. For removing and preventing encroachments, ©b-{bullions, annoyances, and other nuifances, within the city of Briftol, and the liberties thereof 5 and for licenfing and better regulating hackney coaches, chairs, waggons, carts, and other carriages, and the owners, drivers, and carriers thereof refpcc-tively, and porters, and other perfons, within and for certain diftances round the faid city and liberties ; and for better regulating the (hipping and trade, and the rivers, wharfs, backs, and quays, and the markets within the fame city and liberties * and for other purpofes.

Cap. 66. For regulating buildings and party walls, within the city of Briftol, and the liberties thereof.

Cap. 67. For widening and rendering commodious a certain ftreet called'Broad Street, within the city of B'rijtol; and for enlarging the council houfe and guild hall of the faid city, and providing publick offices thereto, and repefitories for the books, papers, and records of the faid city.

Cap. 68. For enabling thecommiflioners for putting in execution an all made in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for paving the ftreets and lanes within the town and borough 4/Southwark, and certain parts adjacent, in the county of Surrey, and for cleanfing, lightings and watching the fame, and alfo the courts, yards, alleys, and paffages adjoining thereto, and for preventing annoyances therein, to open, widen, and better regulate the feveral (beets, lanes, and paffages within the eaft divifion in the faid all deferibed.

Cap. 69. For taking down the prefent court houfe and gaol, and erelling and building a new court houfe and gaol, in and for the town and county of Invernefi; and for appropriating the Aim of one thoufand pounds out of the unexhaufted balance, or furplus, arifing from the forfeited eftates in North Britain, towards erelling and building the fame.

Cap. 70. For rebuilding the bridge over the river Rea, at the town of Birmingham, called Deritend Bridge, and widening the avenues thereto; and for widening and varying the courfe of the faid river near the faid bridge, apd making a weir and other ne-

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

t&rj works to prevent the lower part of the faid town from King overflowed.

Cap. 71. For dividing and inclofing the marfh called Mall-katb mi Cor/JJaagau, in the county of Angltfey, and for embanking the (aid marfh\ and for making cuts, channels, and other works, for draining and preferving the fame; and for aU k>wing the free ufe of fuch cuts or channels, with boats or other veflcJs, upon the payment of certain rates, to be applied towards fupporting the (aid embankments and works.

Cap. 72. For making and maintaining a navigable canal, from Pentre Rack near the town of Flinty to Greenfield, in the county of Flint.

Cap- 73. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the canal at Doumngton Woody in the county of Salop) to or near a place called Southall Bank) and from thence by two feveral branches to communicate with the river Severn, one near CauU kook Dal/, and the other near Madeley Wood) in the faid county, and aho certain collateral cuts to join fuch canal.

Cap. 74. For rebuilding the parifti church of Paddington, in the county of Middkfex, and for enlarging the church-yard of the (aid partfh.

Cap. 75. For paving the footways, and deanfing, lighting, and watching the ftrects and other publick paflages and places vithin tbe borough of Hertford, and removing and preventing cbrtru&ions, nuifances, and annoyances therein.

Cap. 76. For railing further fums of money for the better rdkf of the poor of the city and county of the city of Exon% and to explain and amend an aft pafled in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for rendering more effcftual federal ads of parliament for erefting hofpitals and workhoufes within the faid city and county, for the better employing and maintaining the poor there.

Cap. 77. For rebuilding the bridge over the river Derwent, ;t or near the town and borough of Derby; and for improving the avenues or approaches thereto.

Cap. 78. For enlarging the terms and powers of twoafts of the twelfth and nineteenth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign made for building a temporary bridge, and completing 3 new ftone bridge, over the river Tyne, between the town of Newcafile upon Tyne and Gatejhead, in the county of Durham, and making the avenues to and the paflages over the fame more commodious ; and for removing and preventing nuifances and annoy* wees in the ftreets, lanes, or avenues leading to the faid new .:one bridge, within the town of Gatejhead, in the county of Dvbam.

Cap. 79. To enable fir Benjamin Hamet knight, to lay out 2nd build a new ftreet, from Fore Street to the church of Saint Mery Magdalen, within the town of Taunton, in the county of

Smtr/et. •

Cap. 80. For building a bridge over the river Trent, at or near Saw/ey Ferry% in the counties of Derby and Leixefier.

Cap. 8i.

Digitized by

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 81. For incorporating the governor* of the free gi^ mar lchool of the town and parilh of Bolton in the Mcorsy in county palatine of Lancaflery of the foundation of Robert lx\ late of London, gentleman, deceafed; and for enlarging trufts and powers of the‘faid governors, for the benefit of faid fchool.

Cap. 82. For taking down and rebuilding the gaol of ctftle of Cbejlery the prothonotary’s office, the exchequer cord rooms, and other offices and buildings adjoining or tieaj the faid gaol, and for making proper yards and convenient thereto.

Cap. 83. For repairing the church of the parifh of & Paul Covent Garden^ in the county of MidMefex; for repair and improving the gates and avenues leading to the faid churc and for removing the prefent watch houfe, and providing anod fox theufe of the faid pari(h.

PUBLICK ACTS not printed in this Collectio*

Cap. 84. For continuing the term and varying the powers an aft of the fixth year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing i widening feveralroads leading to the town of Dartford, in the cm of Kent.

Cap. 85. For continuing the term and varying the powers an aft, of the fixth ye*r of his prefent Majefty, for repairh widening^ and keeping in repair, the road leading from Turvbrid Wells, in the county of Kent, to the croft ways near Maresfic Street, in the county of Suflex; and for amending the road fre Florence Farm in the parifti of IVithyham, to Forejl Row in t pari(h of Eajf Grinfieady in the county of Suffix.

Cap. 86. For amending, widening, and keeping in reps the road from the bottom of Wbitejheet Hill9 through Haricot ^ the Wilton turnpike road at or near Barford, in the county Wilts.

Cap. 87. For reviving, continuing, and enlarging the ter and powers of an aft, made in tire filth year of the reign of f prefent majefty King George the Third, for repairing and wi suing the road from the Alfreton turnpike road near a place cah Little Robins, in theparijh <?/MansfieId, in the county of Nottini ham, through Woolley Moor, to	Nottingham turnpike road nc

Tanfley, in the county of Derby, and from Woolley Moor, to t Cheftcrfield turnpike road at Kelftidge, in the faid county of Derb

Cap. 88. For enlarging the term and powers of certain ad of parliament for repairing feveral roads leading into and ne the city of Worceflery and for repairing certain other roai therein mentioned.

Cap. 89. For enlarging the term and powers of an aft, pafli in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent majefty King Geer the Third, for repairing and widening the road from the Mansfie mi Chefterfield turnpike roady near the nine milefont from Mam field through Temple Normanton, Tipton New Inclofure, 0

$irk

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Birkin Lane, to Bunting Field Nook, in the parijb of Afhover, in the county of Derby.

Cap. 90. r or enlarging and altering the terms and powers of two a&s of parliament, made in the twentieth and twenty-fixth years of the reign of his late majeftyKing Georgs the Sc-cond, for repairing the road leading from Catteriek Bridge, in the county of York, to Yarm in the faid county; and from thence to Sixkton, in the county of Durham; and from thence through Seigtfiildy in the faid county of Durham, to the city of Durham 5 and for reducing the (kid ads into one ; and for the more cflfedually repairing and keeping in repair the (aid road.

Cap- 91. For continuing the term, and enlarging the powers, of an ad palled in the fixth yekr.of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from the crofs or market place in the town of Wimborne Minftcr to the crofs or market place in the town of Blandford Forum, in the county of Doriet. '

Cap. 92. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging rhe powers of three ads, patted in the twenty-fixth and twentv-feventh years of the reign of his late Majefty and in the twelfth year of the reign of hts prefent Majefty, for repairing ftveral reads leading into the city of Glafgow, fo far as relates to that part of the road from the city of Glafgow to the town of Dumbarton, which leads through the county to the town of Dumbarton•

Cap. 93. To continue the term and powers of an ad, pafied in the hinth year of the reign of his prefent tragedy King George the Third, for repairing and widening the road from Maid-ftone, through Debtling, to Key Street, in the partfbts of Borden and Bobbing, in the county of Kenf.

Cap. 94. For continuing the term, and varying feme of the provtfions of an ad of the feventh year of his prefent Majefty, fir repairing and widening the road from Marchwiel, in the county of Denbigh, through Bangor, Worthenbury, and Hanmer, tn the county of Flint, to a houfe in the pofj'effion ^Thomas Jenks, in Dodmgton, in the parifh of Whitchurch, tn the county of §alop ; and from Banger trforefavi to Malpas, in the county of Chefter; end from Redbrook to Hampton, in the faid county of Salop.

Cap. 95. For continuing the term and powers of two ads, palled in the eighteenth year erf the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and the feventh year of the reign of hii prefent Majefty, for repairing the road leading from the town of Kingfton upon Hull to and through the town ^Anlaby, and from thence to the town of Kirk Ella, in the county of the pdi town of Kingfton upon Hull.

Cap. 96. For more effeduallyrepatrihgthe roads leading from Pad, through Ofweflry, to Wrexham *, from Knotkin to Han-rbotadr; from WhitehurJTs houfe, m the road between Ofweflry and Wrexham, to Llangollen; and feveral other roads therein menr tioned, in the counties of Montgomery, Salop, and Denbigh \ and fordifeharging the truftees for repairing the Bala and Dolgelley roads from the care of the road between Llangollen and the

confines

Digitized by

, A TABLE of the STATUTES.'

confines of the county of Denbigh, and for making provifior the future repair of the faid road.

Cap. 07. For continuing the term of an aft, of the mx year of his prefent Maiefty, for repairing and widening Ar from Scoie Bridge to the town of Bury Saint Edmunds, wt county of Suffolk, and for amending the faid aft.

Cap. 98. For amending, widening, turning, and keeping repair, the road leading from the town of Walfall to HagggA Bridge, and the road leading from the faid town to a cooux called Sutton Coldfield, and the road leading from the faid town a certain brook called Park Brook, which divides the parUhcd Walfall and Wolverhampton, alljn the county of Stafford.

Cap. 99. For repairing and widening the road from the A9 tingham and Mansfield turnpike, in the liberty of Blidwortf** The Mile Oak, in the parifh of Kirkby in AJbfield, in the cow of Nottingham, and from thence through Pinxton, to Carter JJm in the parifh of South Normanton, and from Pinxton to the collie , near Pinxton Green, in the county of Derby.

Cap. 100. For repairing and widening the road from the Li after and Welford turnpike road, in the counties of Leicefter ar! Northampton, near Fofton Lane, to the turnpike road leading fcoi Hinckley to Ajbby de la Zouch, in the faid county of Leicefter.

Cap. 101. For repairing, widening, turning, and alterir the road from the townfhip of Saltney, in the county of Flinty i the town of Flinty in the faid county.

Cap. 102. For amending,1 widening, and keeping in repaii the road leading from Merlin's Bridge to Pembroke Ferry3 in tfi county of Pembroke.

Cap. 103. For continuing and amending an aft of the eight! year of his prefent Majefty, fo far as the fame relates to the roai from the townfhip of Huddersfield, in the weft riding of the coun ty of York, to Woodhead, in the county palatine of Cheflery an< from thence to a bridge over the river Merfey, called Enterclougi Bridge, on the confines of the county of Derby.

Cap. 104. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair the road from Spann Smithy > in the county of Chefter, io Talk y in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 105. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from Staplebar to Lingen; and from thence, by Boresford9 to Willey's Oak\ and from Kingjbam to the Kington and Radnor turnpike roads near The Rod; and from Lingen afore-faid to Wolford, in the county of Hereford.

Cap. 106. For enlarging the term and powers of certain a&s of parliament, fo far as the fame relate to the road from Doncafter, through Ferrybridge, to the fouth fide of Tadcafter Crofs, in the county of York.

Cap. 107. To enlarge the terms and powers of two aftspafled in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and the tenth year of his prefent Majcfty’s reign, for repairing the road from Birmingham, in the county of

Warwick,

Digitized by C»ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES. \franrtck, through Elmdon, to a lane leading by the end of Storx Bridge, in the (aid county.

Cap. io8. For enlarging the term and powers of certain adts of parliament, fo far as the fame relate to the roads from The Rid Hmfe, near Doncafter, to the fouth end of Wakefield Bridge, and from Wakefield to 'Pontefrafi, and from thence to Wetland, in the townlhip of Henfall, and from PontefraB to Wentbridge, in the weft riding of the county of Tori.

Cap. 109. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from Carmarthen to Lampeterpontftepben, in the county of Cardigan; and from Llandovery, in the county of Carmarthen, to Lampeterpontftepben aforefaid.

Cap. 110. For continuing the term and altering the powers of certain a&s of parliament, fo far as the fame relate to repairing the rood from Rotherham to The Four Lane Ends near Wortley, in the weft riding of the county of York; and for difcharging the tmftees from die care of the road from The Four Lane Ends aforefaid to HartcKffe Hill.

Cap. hi. For enlarging the term and powers of fo much of an a£, made in the ninth year of the reign of his prefeot Majefty, intituled. An aft for repealing fo much oftwo feveral aBs of parliament*, made andpajfed in the /eventeenth and twenty-eighth yean of the reign of bis late majefty King George the Second, as relate to the road from the end of the county ^Stafford, in the pofi road towards the city of Chefter, through Woor, in the county of Salop, to Nantwich, in the county of Chefter, and /wwNantwich toTos-porley, and from thence through Tarvin, in the faid county of Chefter, to the faid city of Chefter. and for more effefiually repairing, widening, and fupporting the fame road; and aljo for repairing end widening the road from Northwich, in the faid county of Chefter, to the crofs in Tarvin of or (faid, as relates to the fecond and third diftridts of road comprized in the faid adt of the ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty; and for including the road from Vickers Crofs to the turnpike road leading from Flookerf-brooi Bridge to Frodjbam, in the faid third diftridt.

Cap. 112. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, paffcd in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, fur repairing the road from Shrewfbury to Wrexham, in the county rf Denbigh, and from Wrexham to Chefter, and alfo from Broughton to Mold, in the county 0/*Flint,and feveral other roads therein mentioned; and for making and repairing a road from the (aid Wrexham and Chefter road to the Wrexham and Ruthin road, in the laid county of Denbigh.

Cap. 113. For enlarging the term of an adt, made in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening tie roads from a certain place near Bolton in the Moors to Leigh, and theme to the guide poft near Golbourne Dale, and to the feuth end of Newton Bridge, and from the faid guide poft to Winwick, and from Newton by Parr Stocks to the guide poft in Parr, in the county palatine of Lancafter; and for making more

cffedtual

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

effectual provifion for repairing and widening the faid rpadf* except from the faid guide port, near Golboume Dais to IVinstuiek.

Cap, 114. For repairing and widening the road froi$ by dE Bridge, to Moffat, in the county of Dumfries.

Cap. 115. To continue the term and powers of an adt sn$de in the feventh year of the reign of his ppefent Majefty, for amending and widening the road leading from The Bell Inn, at Northfield, in the county of Worcefter, to the Wootton turnpike, in the great turnpike road leading from Stratford upon Avon, in the county of Warwick, to Birmingham, in the fame county.

PRIVATE ACTS.

A Nadi far dividing, allotting, andindofing, the commons

j£\ or wafte grounds within the manor of Kiddltfden other-wife Morton, or Riddlefden with Morton, in the pariih of Brngley, in -the weft riding of the county of York.

а.	An adlfor dividing, allotting, and inclofing certain moors, commons, or wafte lands, within the parilhes ofMear and tPed-tnore, in the county of Somerfet.

3.	An adt for dividing, allotting, and indofing, certain-commons, or wafte lands, within the parifhof Wefibury, in the county ©f Somerfet.

4.	An adt for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, certain commons or wafte lands within the manor of Bleadon, in the county of Somerfet.

5.	An aft for enabling Ralph Browne Wylde, and his iffue, to take the name, and bear the arms, of Browne, purfuant to the will of Jane Browne, late of Caughley, in the pariih of Barrow, in the county of Salop, widow, deceafed.

б.	An adl for veiling the real eftate of Thomas Reade efquire, and Elixabeth Reade his daughter, fituate in Shirburn, Brittwcll, Sallome, Ltwknor, Stokenthwrch, and Kin of on Blount, in thecoun-ty of Oxford, in Thomas earl of Macclesfield, and his heirs* and for fettling another real eftate of the faid earl, of greater value, in lieu thereof, and in exchange for the fame, in maimer therein mentioned.

7.	An adl for dividing and inclofing certain open fields or fttnted paftures, lying within the,pariih of Parwicb9 in the county of Derby.

8.	An a& fpr dividing and mdolmg the feveral common and open fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and wafte grounds, within the liberty of Hinton, and the commons and wafte grounds within the liberties of Dromton> Lea, and Amerton% all within th« manor of Chartley, in the county of Stafford.

9.	An adt for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open fields, meadows, and commonable grounds, in the pariih or fordlhip of Humberfiont, in the county of Loicefiet.

io.	An

Digitized by v^ooQle

A TA#5LE of the STATUTES,

10.	An ad foV dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, arable lands, pastures, woods, downs, cow domm?<foeydowns, wafte lands, and other open and commonable places, within the parilh of Headboum Worthy, in the cotm-» ty of Saubtmplan.

11.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, and other com* mooabie lands and grounds, of and within the parilh of Brad-ov#, in the county of Buds.

12.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the fevcral open arable fields, meadows, heaths, commons, and wafte grounds, within the manor and parilh of Wandon otherwife Wavendon, in the county of Buds.

1} An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the fevcral open and common arable fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and wafte grounds, within the townlhip of Filey otherwife Fi!o9 in the call and north ridings of the county of Tori.

14.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, meadows, and commons, of and within the fordShip or liberty of fAowfey^ in the county of Leictjler.

15.	An od tor dividing arid inclofing the common arable fields, aod,jiff her common grounds, within the manor or lordShip and toswjhip of Knapton> in the county of the city of Tori.

iorAn ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common ficUs^pommon meadows, and other common ai\d wafte lands, in Flad6urjf in the county of Worcejler.

Ijrl At^ ad for naturalising Darnel Godfrey tiintze.

ip*. An ad for divefting fir Henry Clinton and his heirs of the tr-qfts iofdivers caftles, honours, manors, mefluages, lands, tene-amt hereditaments, of the moft noble Henry duke of New* cqftle* aod for veiling the fame in another truftee, upon the fame truftf, and with the like powers, as are mentioned and declared in an indenture of releafe of the twentieth day of May one thousand Seven hundred and fcventy-five, or fuch of them as remain to be performed, or are capable of taking effed.

19. An ad for veiling part of the real eftate of the late Hugh lord vifeount Falmouth, fituate in the borough of Tregony, and parilh of Cetby* in the county of Cornwall, in truftees, to be fold tod conveyed to fir Frantit Bajfet baronet, and for other purpoies tbefcin mentioned.

An to enable Elijha Bifcoe efquire, to grant building bfes of part of the eftates devifed by the will of his late father Elijba Bifcoe efquire, deceafed.

21.	An ad to enable Charles Bowyer Adderley efquire, and the future tenants for life of the eftates devifed by the will of Bowyer AMerley efquire, to gram building and repairing leafes thereof.

22.	An ad for confirming and establishing an exchange agreed upon between the reverend Philip Pulefion, doctor in divinity, vicar of the parifh of Ruabon% in the county of Denbigh, and fir Wetiin William* Winn baronet, of certain lands and other hcre-4amntf within the (aid parifh.

b

A TABLE of the STATUTES?

23.	An a A for foie of part of the folded eftates •of'fKUidm Chafin clerk, in the counties of Dorfet and Wiltsy for paying certain portions charged thereon, and for bthet purpofes/ v

24.	An aA to exchange lands and hereditaments between the

truftces of a charity eftate in Hefslew$ody in the pariih of Hefih* * in the county of the n>wn of Kingjhn upon Hully and Jofepb jfis-binfon Peafe efquire.	'

25.	An aA for vefting certain freehold eftates, devifed hy the will of fir George AmyanA baronet, deceafed, in truftees, to fell the fame, and for laying out the money arifing by fuch fate, in the purchafe of other manors, lands, or hereditaments, to be fettled ih lieu thereof, to the likeufes.

26.	An a A for allowing timber to be cut upon certain eftates fettled by the will and a codicil of WiUutm Gojfip efquire,'and for applying the money toarife therefrom in making repairs on the fame eftates, and laying out the remainder in purchafes of other eftates, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

27.	An aA for vefting part of the fettled eftates of James simpler efquire, in the county of Devony in him and his heirs, mvexchange for another eftate of greater value in the fame county, to be fettled in lieu thereof.

28.	An aA to diffolve the marriage of George ErringtoncU$xuty with Harriet Corert his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

29.	An aA for dividing and inclofing certain open common fields, meadows, paftures, and other commonable land*, and wafte grounds, within the townfhips or pariihes ofSwaty ind BelleaUy in the county of Lincoln.

30.	An aA for draining, dividing, and inclofine, the common and wafte ground, called Caftlemartm Corfey within the manor and pariih of Cafilemortiny in the county of Pembroke.

31.	An a A for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, paftures, meadows, and other commonable land* end grounds, in the parifh of WollaJhny in the county of Northampton.

32.	AnaAfor cxtinguifhingail right of common on the feveral commons and wafte grounds in the manor and parifh of Man-gctsjicldy in the county of Glouccjlcr^ (except Mango tsjkldGammon^ Emerjon's Greeny and Finney Green) y and for vefting thedaid commons and wafte grounds in Charles Bragge efquire, lord of the faid manor, difeharged from the faid right of common, and for fecuring a rent charge ifluing out of the fame for the benefit of the poor of the faid parifh.

33.	An aA for dividing and inclofing the common arable fields, am! alfo certain commons and wafte lands, within thetownfhips of Kirkbymoorfhlc, Fadnmry and GUlamoery in the pariih of Kiri-bymoorfede, in the north riding of the county of Yorkt.

34.	An aA for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and

common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and watte lands, in the hamlet of Little Farringdony in the parifh oi Lang* ford., in the county of Berks.	1	.

. 35. An aA for dividing and inclofing certain commons and

Digitized by

waft«

A T'ABXE of Ae ST ATtJTES.

afibTih'rfi TTirtrinthr msnrirnf StrettmintheDak, intbeeoan-

tyof.Wrp.*	*

36.	An^ for dividing, allotting, and hying hv ieverrity, the 09m awdcomroon fields, open downs, common meadows, cotn-coon paflures, and wafte lands, within the pariih of Netherbavon otbenrifi: Nttbtrawn, in the county of Wilts.

37.	An ad for dividing and indofing the open and common fieM% heath, wafte, and commonable lands, within the manors and townihips of North and South Rauetby, in the county of Uneetu.

38.	An ad for dividing and indofing the commons and wafte lands within the parifh of Compton Martin, in the county of Sfr-

oaorfit,

39.	An ad for dividing and indofing the open fields, common paftores, common or aaoor, and wafte grounds, within the ham* ke Or liberty of Spmdon, in the county of Derby.

40.	An ad for dividing and indofing certain moors or commons within the townihip of Begby, in the north riding of the eountyef Tori.

41.	An ad for enabling Chariot earl Camden to grant, in the manner therein mentioned, building leaks of the prebendal lands at Kentijb Town, in the county of Middleftx.

42.	An ad to enable the guardian of fir Stephen Richard Gfyttne baronet, an infant, and alio Francis Gljnnt eiquire, and likewife tbegnaxdians of the feveral perfons who may hereafter become in-tklcd to the eftates in the county of Flint, comprized in the let— dement made on the marriage of John Conway	efquire, de-

ceased, and the will of fir John Gfynne baronet, alfo deceafed, to grant kales of the coal and other mines within the (aid eftates.

> 43. An ad for dividing and indofing a certain moor or common within the Several townihips of	,	,	Little

Laugun, and	Dauby upon	Wijk, Some or one of them, in the

north tiding of the county of Tori,

44. An ad for dividing and indofing the commons and wafte grounds within the townihip of	,	in	the	manor	and

pariih of Sheffield, in the weft riding of the county of York.

' - 45. An ad for dividing and indofing the open fields, and alfo a certain common or parcel of wafte ground, within the townihip Of Feather ft one, in the weft riding of ihe county of York.

46^ .An ad for dividing and indofing the feveral ftinted paf-tute* called OU Pajlurt, New Pajlure,	,	and

in the townihip of Grajfsngton, in the county of York.

~ 47. Aa ad for dividing, allotting, and indofing a certain common'moor, or trad of wafte land, called Tynemouth , Shirt Moor, Billy Moor, or	BiHy Mill , within the manor of Tyne-

mouth otherwise Tynemoottbjbirt, otherwise Tynemouth with. motttbfbirey in the county of Northumberland.

48.	An ad for dividing and indofing the feveral commons or wade grounds within the feveral manors or lordfhips of and Wilpjbirt other wife	JVilp/hire with in the pariih of

- ■	Blackburn

*	Digitized	by	Google

A T ABLE of the STATUTES.

Bhukisgrn and honour of CJkheroef inthe hundred-of BUekhttPn and county palatine of Lamafler.

. . , 49. An a£t for dividing- and indefing the common fields and wafte lands within the manors of Streetmorjbal> Tyryayuoch,and Deytheurv in the county of Montgomery.	,

50. An a<5t for naturalizing John Phillip 5*. An adt for naturalizing Daniel Mantes.

52.	An aft for naturalizing the reverend Lewis Guerry.

53.	An, a& to enable the truftees of the will of fir Thomas

Dyke	Atlanibaronet, to cut down and fell timber upon theeftates

thereby deviled, and to grant leafes of part of the fame ellates upon fines, and to inveft the monies, arifing therefrom, in the purchafe of lands and hereditaments, to be Settled to the ufes of the will.

54.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the common marlh, Common fen, and other wafie grounds, in the parifh of Long Sutton otherwife Sutton in Holland, in the county of Lincoln.

55.	An a<5t to difiolve tlie marriage of Jonathan Twifs efqtnre, with Frantss Dorrill his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

The Kno of the TABLE.

Digitized by boodle

THE

Statute# at iUrge,

Anno vicejimo nonoGeorgii III. Regis

Being the SIXTH Seifion of the Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

Vot. XXXVL Part III.

A TABLE

Digitized by

• •

To the BINDER

Place all the Tables in order at the beginning, and all the indexes ' : 7 in the fame order at the' end of the yohime.



\

Digitized by v^ooQle

A

T ABLE

G F T H E

ST A TU TES

PUBLIGK and PRIVATE,

Pafied Anno	nono

GE O RGII III.

Bong the Sixth Seffion of the Sixteenth Parliament of

Gnat Britain.

P UBL 1CKACTS,

Cap. I. r| continue the Jaws now in force for regulating the JL trade between the fubje&s of his Maiefty’s dominions, and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united dates of America, fp far as the fame relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the (aid united dates.

Cap. a. For punifhing mutiny and defertion $ and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 3. For the regulation of his Majefty’s marine forces while on fhore.

Cap. 4^ For more effedually carrying into execution the pur-pofes of certain ads, of the fixteenth and twenty-third years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for the better relief and en> ployment of thfe poor, within the hundred of Forehoe, in the couhty of Norfolk.

Cap. 5* For the improvement of Manehejler Square, within the pari In of Saint Marylebone, in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 6. For granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand (even hundred and eighty-nine.

Cap. 7. For enlarging the term and powers of fo much of an	made in the eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty,

a 2 '	"

'Digitized by VjjOOQLC

:	A TABJUE of the STATUTES,

as'refate; to the repairing and widening fereral roads leadiftg ^hfough the county of Roxburgh * and for better regulating1 die ftatute labour within the faid county.	- * °~

Cap^ 8. For building a new fhirehoufe for the'county tsX

£ji*. '	-	‘	-*

Cap. 4. To repeal two afts, made in the twenty^fifth1 and *^entyifixth years of the reign Of hit prefentMajefty, forigrtint-itig'rrhis Majefiy certain duties on /hops within Great Britain. * *'

*% Clap. 10. For continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fcrvied 'nf theyear one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine. :i Cap. ir. To, enabTe Jfcfery Alfager* Margaret Alfager^ and 'Judith jflfisger* to firrifh and complete a new church or cbapef» lrt the parim of Barthotnley, in the county of Chefier* and to e&-dow the fame; and to eftablifh a charity fchool within the fafrd parifh; and veiling the right of prefentation to the faid church Or chapel in them, and the future lords and ladies of the manor of Alfager* withiA the faid county.

Cap. il. For paving, repairing, cleanfing, lighting, thatching, widening, and regulating the ftrects, lanes, alleys, and publick paflages, within the town of Whitby* in the county of York \ for preventing incroachments, nuifances, and annoyirkfes therein j for regulating the carriages, cartmen, and porters there $ 2nd fcr making convenient approaches to the bridge oytt the wrJfor Eft* within the faid town.

"f “Cap. rg. To fufpend, for a limited time, the execution of on ‘aft oafled m the laft feflion of parliament, intituled, An aCt'far the better feeuring ihe rights of perfons qualified to vote at county eUc~

, lions; and for indemnifying the perfons required to carry the faid ‘ aiVlrtto execution, from the penalties they may haVe Incurred X ifi not executing all the provisions of the faid aft.	'

^ ’ Cap. 14. F<*r amending an aft of the twenty. fevehth yfeaK of ‘ “hi!” prefent Maiefty,^/* rebuilding the church of the pari/hofS&nt Mary Wanftede, alias Wanftcad, in the county tf Eflex. 1 -;i i Cap. ic. For defraying the charge of the pay and clashing * bf the mifitia, in that part of Great Britain called England j for v one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one Ihdbfknd feven hundred and eighty-nine.	^

Cap. 16. To enable his Majefty to authorife, in cafelef ne-, ccffity^the importation of bread, flour, Indian cOrn* and live "flock," "from: any-of the territories belonging to the united ’ (fates of Ameiica* ihto the province of Quebec* and all the coon-^ tries bordering on the gulf of Saint Lawrence* and the Tfltfbdk r within the faid gulf, and to the coaft of Labrador.	J >

^ ‘ Cap. 17. For repiririg certain roads in the county tf P&tb;

and for explaining and amending an aft, made in therwettty-’ fifth year of the reign of hisprefent	for repairing the

/ highways* bridges* and ferries* in the county Of Perrh.

Cap. 18. For repealing art aft made in the laftfeflTon 6f parliament, intituled, An aft for the better feeuring the rights of per-' fens qualified tc vote at county tleflions*

Digitized by

Cap* 19*

A TABLE tf the STATUTES.

Cap. 19; For continuing an *3, made in the tWemjr-fcventh $wr:of the reign of hts prefent M^jefty, (chap. 38.^ ii?ritylcd, 4n tbs ennmragement of the arts of defigning and frinfirig linens, cottons, callicoes,	mufiins, by vefling the properties forty

in tbedefigners^ printers, run/proprietors,for a limited time, f f Cap. 20. For repairing the roads in the county of Forfarr%nd fee repeating theftatute labour within the fame.

Cap. 31, For altering the powers of ana£t, made in the thirty* third ycarof the reign of his laiemajeftyKingG^r/e the Second 35- ) f*r treating piers and other wortsfor the fecurity find tmprevenptu of the harbour of New Shoreham, in the county tf Suflex, and for kespietg, the fame in repair,

Cap. 2a. To aorepd and render effe&ual an a A of the thirty-firft ycar of Kusg George the Second, (chap. 18.) for draining and . prefnrving certain fen lands and law grounds in the ifle of Ely, and county of Cambridge, ,between the Cam, otherwise Grant,. Oufe, MUdenhall rivers, end bounded on the fcuto-eajl by the bard lastdaef Lie ham, Fordbam,Soharn, and WicVen; and for impow-eringfbe governor, bailiffs> and commonalty of tin company of confer* voters f she great level of the fens, called Bedford Level, tofilkcer-. tain lands wit him (be faid limits, commonly called Inverted Land*;

2lq4 .for laying certain rater on veflels navigated upon the faid ^ riveta,^o^ards fupporting the banks thereof ,

; Cap. 23-; For enlarging the term and powers of feveral a<$ts, paftpd in the eighth, and ninth ycarsof thercjgn of King William the Third, and in the firft, fifth, and. feventhyears of the reign of George fh©i Firft, and in the twenty^fixth year of tne feign of jhis.iate majefty King George the Second* for. rebuilding^repairing, and amending.the piers of Bridlington, alia* Burlington, ia the county of York.	k	V

Cap. 34. Fpr rebuilding the market fioufeof the town of LianfylUny inthqcouoty of Montgomery, and for other purpofes tliefeif>:qaentioopd, and defraying the e^pence thereof/by fcle of certain wade lands in the townthips of Globwlcht and Bachau, in the laid cpunty. > ,

C?P- £5, Xo iwprporate. certain perjops therein named, and their fsacceflors, by the* name and ftile. of.The Northumberland FiJherj Society;, end -to, enable them, when incorporated, to fub-feribe a capital joint ftock for more effc&nally fupportiog, con-■ dueling, and iocreafiHg fuch filhery.

v C^p. a6.- Xo explain and amend an a&y made in the twenty-fiftji year the reign of his prelent Majefty, intituled. An a£t far granting to kis Mojejly additionalduties, fits hawker pedlars fend j Pretty dppp men; and for regulating their trade.

Cap. 27. For paying, cleanfing, lighting, improving* and regulating.. the. Greets, Janes, and other publick paffage^ and and for repairing the highways, within the parjlh of t Saint Glemsxt in thc town and port of	tfl	the	coyftjy of

Suffix \ and for refnoviqg and preventing nuiftnees, aortoyarves, incroachmenrs, within tl^ faid towi) and

port m s -	r

a 3	-	. C*J>. 28.

Digitized by

Google

4 A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 28. For appropriating the fum of three thoqfaod pounds* out of the unexhaufted balance or furplus arifing from Jthe forfeited eftates in North Britain, to be applied by the highland fociety of Scctlahd at Edinburgh to puMick ufes in that part of the kingdom.

Cap. 29. For providing a workhoufe for the ufe of the parifh of Highwortb* in the county of Wilts \ and for appointing aft additional overfeer for the better government of the poor of the faid parifh.

Cap. 30. To amend and enlarge the powers of an adt, pa fled in the laft feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for repairing the church of the parijb of Saint Paul Covent Garden, in the county of * Middlefex 5 for repairing and improving the gates and avenues hading to the faid church; and for removing the prefent ivatcb-houfe, and providing another for the ufe of the faid parijb.

Cap. 31. For rebuilding the parifh church of Saint Chady in the town of Shrewfbury and county of Salop; and for providing a new cemetry or burial ground, and making convenient avenues and paflages to the faid church and cemetry.

Cap. 32. For embanking and draining certain fens and low lands in theparifhes of Notion and Pot&rkanwcrtby in the county « of Lincoln \ and in the parifh of Branjlon, in the county of the city of Linfcln.

Cap. 33. For granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money, to be raifed by a lottery.

Cap. 34. For raifing a certain fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice 6f the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine.

Cap. 35. For raifing a further fum of money by loans or ex* chequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred'and eighty-nine.

Cap. 36. For allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by Papifts, and for relief of Proteftant purchafers. .

Cap. 37. For railing a certain fum of money by way of annuities.

* Cap. 38. For opening a new ftreet from Fleet Street to Temple Street, in the city of London, and alfo a publick paflage from fuch new ftreet towards Water Lane ; and for flopping up or altering certain courts, alleys, or paffages, and fetting out others near tcf or communicating with fuch new ftreet and paflage.

Cap. 39. To explain, amend, and render more effetftual feveral ads made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and "the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for improving the navigation of the river Loyney otherwife called Luney and for building a quay or wharf near the town of Lancajlery in the county palatine* of Lanenfter\ and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 4c. To indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments; and to indemnify iufticcs of the-peace, or others, who have omitted to regifter . or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law,

and

Digitized by CjOOQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

i

*nd for giving further time for thofc purpofes 5 and to indeth-oify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whole adxniilions have been omitted to be ftamped according to law, or, having been ftamped, have been loft or mifiaid; and for allowing them time to provide admiftions duly ilamped 5 and 10 give further time to fuch perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors, or to pay the duties on the indentures and contracts of clerks, apprentices, or lervants; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have negledted to tranfmit deicriptions of their qualifications Co the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law; and for giving further time for that purpofe.

Cap. 4,1. For railing a certain fum of money, by way of annuities, to be attended with the benefit of furvivorlhip, in clafles.

Cap. 42. For applying the fum of one thoufand pounds out of the unexhaufted balance or furplus arifing from the forfeited eftates in North Britain, towards completing and finifhing the bridge over the Bees or PaJi of Cockburnfpathy in the county of Berwick.

Cap. 43. For altering and enlarging the powers of an aft, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of bis prefent Majefty, intituled, An oft for deepening, cleanfing, and making more common dibits, the harbours of the town of Greenock; for fupplying the inhabitants with frefb and wkolefome water \ and for pavings cleanf ingy lighting, and watching theJlreets~and ether publick places within the faid town.

Gap. 44. For paving the footways of the feveral ftreet*, pub-lick paflages, and places, within the town of Chelmsford, and hamlet of Afoul/barriy in the parifti of Chelmsford, in the county of Effort and for cleanfing, lighting, and watching the faid town and hamlet j and for removing and preventing nuifances, annoyances, and mcroachments therein.

Cap. 4.5. For amending and continuing, for a limited time, an a£t made in the lalHeffion of parliament, intituled* An aft for difiontinuingy for a limited timey the fveral duties payable in Scbtland, upon low wines and fpiritsy and upon worts, wajh, and other liquors there ufed in the difillationof fpiritsy and for granting to his Majefy other duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the exportation of Britifh-made fpirits from England to Scotland, and frvm Scotland to England ; and to continue,for a limited time, an oft made in the twenty fixth year of the reign of his prefent Ma~ fofij* 44 10 eJi/ccntinue for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon Itlv wines and Jpifits for home confumptibn 5 and for granting end fecuring the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending Britifh Jpirits; and for dife ontinuingfor a limited time% ter tain impo/ls and duties upon rum end fpirits imported frm the Weft Indies and to revive and continue the faid fall mentioned aft.

Cap. 46. For preventing the wilfully burning or deftroying

' a 4	ihips.

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE of thcSTATOTE^	!

and (he wilfully and malicioufly^ikftn>ykig <ny r#d»iMf^ fWk, linen, orcotton goods, oranyini^Menlents prepiVed fervor ufed in the manufa&ure thereof* m that partof Great Britton ( called Scotland.

Cap. 47. For providing an additional burial ground^ftii^ tfce porifh of Saintfomesy Weftminfier9 ahd' erring a^h&pektfdjbin-lug thereto, arid alfoahoufc lor the reMence ofa dtfgyman to officiate d burying the dead.	:	^ v

Cap. 48. For continuing the church of Saint Giles, ih-tfce-parifh of PomtfraR% in the county of Tori9 the parifh chufch 5 and for other purpofes.	*

Cap. 49. For granting to his Majefty feveral additional rates and duties upon horfes and carriages with four wheels; and for explaining and amending an a& parted in the twenty-fifth year of his prefent Majefty, as far as relates to certain carriages with two or three wheels therein mentioned.

Cap. 50. For granting to his Majefty feveral additional damp duties on newfpapcrs, advertifemems, and on cards and diet.

,Cap« 51. For granting to his Majefty feveral additional (lamp duties on probates of wills, letters of adminiftratiott, and on receipts for legacies, or for any (hare of a perloftal eft we divided by force of the ftatute of diftributions.

Cap. 52. To give further powers to the commiffioners fbr ere&ing certain* lighthoufes in the northern parts of GrHH Britain.	■

Can. 53. For further encouraging and regulating tilt 2firo-. foundlond, Greenland, and fouihern whale ftIhcries.

Cap. 54. For further continuing an a& made in the twtinfty-thjrd year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, Ate ttfl for the more effetlual encouragement of the manufaflurei of flax akd cotton in Great Britain.	;	;

Cap* 55 To continue feveral laws therein mentfonedtrelative to the better encouragement of the making of fail cloth in Great Britain5 to the encouragement of the filftc manufactures* and for taking off feveral duties on merchandize exported* and reducing other duties; to the free importation of cochineal and indigo; to the prohibiting the importation of bodtt reprinted abroad, and firft compoled, written, and printed iiv Great Britain; to fecuring the duties upon foreign-made fad cloth,’and charging foreign-made fails with a duty; to the prohibiting1 the importation of foreign wrought fiiks and velvets; to fchfc'dMcoa-tinuing the duties payable upon the importation of t#l)owv1iogs lard, and greafe; to the prohibiting the exportation of tools and utenfils made ufe of in the iron and (leel manufactured of this kingdom, and to prevent the (educing of artificers and workmen, employed in thofe manufactures, to go into parts beyond the feas; and to the ascertaining the ftrength of Spirits by Clarke's hydrometer.

Cap. 56. For explaining and amending ah *a&, parted an the laft feffion of parliament, intituled. An aB for reguldtingybe trade between tbefubjefls of bis Majefly’s colonies and plantations in North

America*

Digitized by Google

A T AWUJSl & the STATUTES.

AM!i&v **d i*	1 ndia ijbnds, aad thf countries belonging

telUsmiedgfrAjstwrica \ani bctwctn bis Mqsfly's/aid Jab-

% in tie Weft Indies.

Cap. 57. For further regulating the trade or bufinefs of pawn-

ifcrolwrt^vjn-^' *	^	-v .

-v Capk5& Por better regulating and ascertaining the importa-^tia& tAd^rpo^tation of com and grain; and ahb for better regelating the exportation of ftarch, and the importation of rape bod.

Cap* 594 For allow!ng the like drawback on teas, exported to the iilands of Guemjey and Jtrfty* and to Gibraltar y and other *pbct&ca the continent: of Europe, and to Africaas is now allowed oa teas exported to Inland or America.

Cap. 60. For granting further time for allowing the drawback upon the exportation of coffee, imported by the Ea/i India company, in the fhip Lard Camden > in the year one thouland Seven bundled and eighty- fix.

Cap. 6j ^ For granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money .oofcof the consolidated fond) and for applying a certain fum of mmey therein mentioned, for the Service of the year one tbou* itadkven hundred and eighty-nine; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this feflion of parliament; and for making iortbdv^eates.of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, 4?oC£ipte, annuity orders, or other orders, loft, burnt, or other-wife deftroyed.

/Cap< 62. For appointing commiftioners further to enquire into the lolles and fervices of all fuch perfons who have Suffered properties, and profeffions, during the late un-. happydUftmueraa to America* in confequence of their loyalty to / hi> A^a^cdy^.and attachment to the Briti/b government.

Cap. 63, To exempt all piece goods vfove in this kingdom, -and which,ihotf< be fold by auction, from the duty imposed on fticb Jhlttkt tor exempting perfons licenfed to retail fpirituous himoiWiCroiva £ Uc payment of the duties impofed on Such licences, off, retailing fuch liquors before the expiration f«jf tbcitin^ tpf which Such licences (hall be granted ; and for *WJg*9g perfons who (hall deal in brandy, not being retailers, j#<ti£iftrs, or, diddlefi, to take out licences for that purpofe. ,;^C^v 64*;;ToLftud)prife iIk lord high treafurer, or the com-Wittoners of the ue^fury, to appoint two of the commiftioners of Jth£4Hiftofn* in England* and one of the commiffioners of the Scotland* ,l<* cnquire into the annual amount of the ;xoaclUimwot9 of oiSqpxrs o£ the cuftoins, and other perfons cm-pl^vedi«%hgtrcv^i^,

tVq on»blevthe Eaft India*company to ratfe money by	iincre^fing their capital flock.

■ v<C4p<*£6». Tp caiuimie* for ai limited time, and amend anradl, made in the laft feflion of parliament,intituled, An a& toreguku, far 4 Eri&ud lime* the JMppiftg and carrying fi&xi in Britiih v*Ji:s from aba *f Afjrjwu. ,*f

*	•	v*ws<v	\<v-	*	Cap. 6**.

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE of the ST AT UT E S.

Cap. 67. For the more effectual execution of the law* wm fpcfting gaols.	■

Cap. 68. For repealing the duties on tobacco and (huff and for granting new duties in lieu thereof. *

Cap. 69. For the better paving, repairing, cleanling, lighting and watching the highways, ftreets, lanes, and other pubMcl paflages and places, within the town and Jihetty of Faverfimm in the county of Kent* and alfo certain places near or adjoM^| thereto; and for removing and preventing incroachments, ph* ftrudtions, nuifances, and annoyances therein.

Cap. 70. For dividing and inclofing the open common fen and ings in the parifh of Dunjion* in rhe county of Lincoln-9 mad for draining and improving certain parts thereof, and alfo certain inclofed low lands in the faid parilh, and in the parifh of Metheringham in the faid county.

Cap. 71. For paving, lighting, cleanfmg, watering, and watching fuch ftreets and other publick places within that pare of the parilh of St. Pancras, in the county of Middkfex* which lies on the north and fouth (ides of the new road, leading from Paddington to IJlington* called^ Sommers Town* and is now actually leafed to Jacob Letoux efquire, for building upon, or that may be hereatter leafed for the like purpofe; and for preventing nuifances and obftru&ions therein.

Cap. 72. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from or near the borough of Andevor*. in the county of Southampton* to or near Redbridge, in the^ parifh of Milibrook* in tire faid county.

Cap. 73. For protecting and fecuring the hot baths *nd fprings, within the city of Bath, from injury by incroachments arid annoyances; for enlarging or'rebuilding the prefent pomp rooms there; for widening certain ftreets, lanes, and publick paflages, and for making certain new ftreets and paflages, to render the approaches to the faid hot baths, fprings, and pump rooms, more fafe and commodious.

Cap. 74. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from oe from near to Cromford Bridge* in the county of Derby* to join and communicate with the Erewafl) canal, at or near Langley Bridge; and alfo a collateral cut from the faid intended canal at or near Codnor Park Mill, to or near Phixton Milly in thedaid county.

Cap. 75. For the better relief and employment of the poor of the parifh of Saint George Hanover Square* within the liberty of the city of IVeJlminJltr 5 for repairing the highways, regulating the beadles, watch, and patrol; tor paving, repairing, cle^nf-ing, lighting, and removing and preventing nuifances and annoyances within feveralof the ftreets and other publick paflages and places within the faid parifh; and for other purpofes relating to the faid parifh.

Cap. 76. For reviving certain powers granted by an aft made in the tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled, An aft for dividing and inclofing fuel of t])e open parts of

the

Digitized by

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

the talkd The Foreft of Knarelborough, in the county of York, as He within the eleven conjlableries thereof; and for other purpofu therein mentioned;) and by an ad of the fourteenth year of his Majefty’s reign, for amending the faid former ad, and for making the faid two a£fs more effcduaJ.

Cap. 77. For continuing and making more effedual the ads of parliament, for opening, cleaniing, repairing, and improving tbe harbour of Soutbwoid, in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 78, For dividing, inclofing, and draining, the open fields, rags, paftures, commons, and wafte grounds, within the townfhips of tVeft Haddlefcyy Chapel Haddlefey^ and Eafl Haddltfey, and Temple Hirff in the parifti of Biriin, in the weft riding of the county of Tori.	'	,

PUBLICK ACTS not printed in this Collection, v

Cap. 79. For making and repairing the road from the city of Glafgow, in the county of Lanark, to Muirkirk in the county of Ayr, and from thence to the confines of the faid county of Ayr, towards Sanquhar in the county of Dumfries \ and other roads communicating therewith.

Cap. 80. To enlarge the term and powers of* two ads made m the twentieth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and the eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road from Sunderland nedr the fea, te tbe dtp ej .Durham, in the county cf Durham.

Cap. 81. For altering, raifing, widening, repairing, and pre-fvrving the road leading from the town of Bi/hop Wearmovth, near Sunderland, in the county of Durham, to the town of Nor-t:n near Stockton, in the (aid county.

Cap. 82. To enlarge the term ahd powers of three ads, made in the twenty-fixth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of hi;Jate majefty King George the Second, and the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening CM Street Read in the parifhes of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard Shreditch, in the county of Middlefex; and alfo for repairing and keeping in repair the road leading from Worjhip Street to Crown iinet, along the cad fide of Moorfields.

Cap. 83. For enlarging the terms of three ads, made in the fecond, feventeenth, and twenty-eighth years of his late Ma-jtfty, for repairing the roads from Colefbill, through the ciry of Uifield and the town of Stone, to the end of the county of hfferd, in the road leading towards Chejler, and fcveral other roads in the faid a£ts mentioned, in the .counties of Warwick Jnd Stafford, apd city and county of the city of Lichfield \ and hr making more effedlual provifion for repairing and widening the faid roads, and other roads therein mentioned, in the faid county of Stafford.

Cap. 84. For enlarging the term and powers of an ad, of the ninth year of hrs prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening threads from the turnpike road at Golford Green, in the par ifi) of

Cranbrooke,

Digitized by

Google

A T A B LE of the $ T A T U TES.

Cranbrooke, to the turnpike road in the parijb of SandVuirft, an from The Green* near Benenden Church, to the BulLInn^o Rovelden Crofs, in the county of Kent.	o ' k : . t

- Cap. 85. For enlarging the* term and powers of. an the feventh year of his prefent Majefty, frr repairing, vndammgg and keeping in repair, the road leading from the highroad brdduem Bromley and Fattiborough, in the countyof Kent* ^

Bufh, in the turnpike road leading from Tunbridge	ns

Mafesfield, in the county ofSuflex.	.	,c'.)

Cap. 86* For repairing and widening the road fronn si* town of Wakefield to the town of Abberford, in die weft iidin^ oJ thie county o!' York.'	\> ' ^uuh.

Cap. 87. For repairing and widening the road from Gratamcy, by Annan, Dumfries, and Sanquhar ^ in the county of Dumfries. to the confines of the county of Ayry and .the-road* from Garft* narget to Wanlotkbcad, m the faid county of Dumfries. • »	:	1	-

Cap. 88v For continuing and rendering more effectual. &ve-tal ads for repairing the road from Hertfordbridge Riff t a it he town of Bafingjhke, and alfo the road from Hertford bridge Uftl aforefaid to the town of Odibam, in the county,tif Southampton * and for extending the limits of the faid lad mentionedIxDad, from the prefenttermination thereofin the faid town oI Qaiham* to the mad leading from thence, through tbe'.fbid town* to the great weftefcn road at -Bartley Heathy in the laid county.-: Cap. 89. For repairing and widening the road frotn Qcfc-ham% in the county oi Soutbampton^ to Farnhamy in the^cowtoty of Stetrty. 1 ^	■	”	.0^	-v-

Cap. 90. To enlarge the term and powers of an a£k> paffcd in ttre eighteenth year of the reign; of his prefent Majcfty, far repairing and Widening the road from Stokenchurcb, in itbr. titatty of Oxford, to Wheatley Bridge, and from the faid bridge i*inflow Bridge, and from Wheatley Bridge to the miUw»jyJtadiag towards Magdalen Bridge, and from the mileway dtafivtg frnon Saint Giles’s churchy mar the city of Oxford* by i^ghsoke*^* New Wood (lock, in the faid county^ and for making, Amending, compleating, and keeping in repair, a^aroad Bool die bdttom of Chtynty Lane, up Hmdingtm HtH, i tpo jqbi; the prefent Enfiow branch of road, in the parith the faid county pf Oxford* to be nfed inftead.of the prefent road up Cbeyney Lane and Sbotover Hill, to the Wift endof tbe tdwn of Wbcathy, and for amending and widening the road from the weft end of the faid town to the foulFrifiow branch of road.

Cap, 9T. For enlarging the term and powers o£an a<5l of ,the ninth year of his prefent Majcfty, for repairing and widening the road from the end of the county ^Stafford, in the pqfi roadto-wards the tity of Chefter, through Woor, in the county of Salop, to NaAtwich, in the county cf Chefter* and from Nam wich to Tar-porley, and from thence through Tarvin, in the faid county of Chtftcr, to the faid city of Chefter* together with a certain other

v *	.road

4 TABLE of the STATUTES.

. md tfceteih tnentiooed, io far as relate* to the firft di drift of the hid roads.

Cap. 91. Forenlarging the term and powers of federal aftsf Bakin thememy-fixth, twenty-fcventh, and thirtieth year* ' «f therein ot his (ate majefiy King George the Second, Io far u nlitts to certain rood* leading through the counties of

mkXeefratu -

Cap. 03. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair* the road leading firom Congleton to Colley Bridge, and from the hid bridge to Smithy Green, in the parilh of	in	the

county of Cbtfier; and for fetting out and making new roads from Sandy	Greenaforefaid, to join a branch from the Leek

turnpike road at Tbatihmarch Bottom, in the parilh of m, in the comity of Derby, and from the hr& mentioned road to the Havontmh Mills.

Cap. 94.. For enlarging the term and powers of art aft of the tenth year of his prefcntMajefty, for	from the

Bridge a The Old Rivet er Barton, to Brandon bridge, in the aueyefSuffolk.

Cap. 95.* Foe more effeftually amending, and keeping in repur, feuml roads leading from the late market houfe in bridge, in the county of Wornfter; and for repealing certain ids of parliament, io for as. relates to the faidroads, and for mendng (he road from Coolboum/ Brook, through Wollajlon to Qmetbdi Field Comer, in the counties of Worcefitr and Stafford. Cap. 96. For more effeftually repairing the roads from the tarn End, in:the; parilh o	i-SaintLeonard	to the fur-

thenrioft pact, of the northern road, in ttik perilh of Enfield; sad from the plaoe where the watch-houfe in Edmonton formerly food, to the market place in Enfield, in the county of	;

aad far lighting, watching, and watering part thereof; and for repeating certain ads erf parliament relating to the laid roads $ udfar amendiog, widening, and keeping in repair, tho>ioad famNaurngten	Great'to Bnfie Hill, in	the parilh of Edmonton,

a the fridcounty.

Cap; yji For enlarging the term of, and amending, an aft of it* feirmibtyeah of his prefent Majcfty, for repairing )gnd	*

itgtbe toad from Shaddon Gat	n,iiearCarlille, to the prefent

fikrttdxtil Muiafide, and from a plate in the faid turnpike road, ktum Brafcy Mircs .usd. North. Raw Gate, roddtt&luUbeek^	bn theonaty ^Cumberland.	•	-

Cap. 98. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the poweo,'3>fnwo afta, piled, m the fourteenth year of the idgrrcrf^hirlanr'Majeftyv apd the lecond year , of the reign of Jtis-prcfcftt ana jellyKibg-George. the Third, fo far, as the fame relate-tarcpai ring theroaif from Donrajltr,' through the parilh dpuifUn{kkraic county.of	Xbrly,to SaJter's in the county

cf6fot/<r.'. • -	.0	••

Cap-r^y. TOr enlarging theter01 and powers of. an aft, .palled * the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, fir repairing and widening the road from T arpoi ley,	the county

a	palatine

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES. faktine ef Cheftcr, to Adlon Bridge, near Weaverham, in fame county.

Cap. ioo. For continuing the term, and altering and enl; mg the powers of an pa (fed in the feventh year of reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the \ from the brick kilns on Eaft Mailing Heath to the t%rnpikt root Penbury Green, and from Brand Bridges to the Four Wc near Mat field Green, in the county of Kent.

Cap. ioi. To enlarge the term and powers of an a6k of eighth year or his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening road from Bockland Dinham, to the end of the parifb of Til bury; and alfo the road from Midfomer Norton, to the end ef parifb ^Norton Saint Phillips; and alfo the road from Tudn Grave, to the read leading from Wei low to a place known by name of The Red Port in the county of Somerfet; and amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from I mtrfdon, in the faid county, to join the road from Buckland D ham aforefaid, in the ftreet of Radftock, in the faid county.

Cap. 102. Foramending, widening, and keeping in repa the road leading from the crofs hands in Teddington Fiefi. the parifti of Overbuy in the county of WorceJter% to the L don turnpike road, between Evcrjbam and Perfbore% in the to county.

Cap. 103. For continuing the term, and varying the powei of certain aefts of parliament, of the firft, feventeenth, and thi tieth years of his late Majefty, for repairing fcveral roads Uadi from the borough of Eveftiam, and fcveral other roads in the cou tics of Worcefter and Gloucefter.

Cap. 104. For more effetfually repairing feveral roads lea ing from Ledbury, in the county of Hereford, and the ro; through the parifti of Bromejberrow in the county of Gloucefie and Corfe Laivny till it joins the road from Gloucefter to Worcefh

Cap. 105. For enlarging the terms and powers of fercral zt of the twenty-fourth and twenty-eighth years of his Jate M; jetty’s reign, and of the fourth year of his prefent reign, for repairing the high roads in the county of Edinburg and for making the fame more effe&ual.

Cap. 106. For enlarging the term and powers of an a# < the feventh year of his prefent Majetty, for repairing and widei ' ing the road from the turnpike road at Hatton, near the borough Warwick, through King’s Norton, in the county of Worcefter and to the upper cud of Gannow Green, in the parifb ofBtom grove, aud to the Bell Inn, in the parifb of Bell Broughton, in // faid county of Worcefter; fo far as relates to the road betwee the faid turnpike road at Hatton and Hoikley Heath> in tl county of Warwick.

Cap. 107. For amending, widening, turning, varying, altej ing, and keeping in repair, the road from a certain dwelling houfe in Bury\ now or late in the occupation of William Wallet gentleman, to Hoflmgden, and from thence to the eaft^nd c Salford Bridge, in Blackburn 5 and alfo the road from Hajlingit

aforefai

A TABLE hf the STATUTES.

aforebld to tbo «*ft end of Coekjhut Bridge, in the town of IFballey\ and alfo the road from Haflingdtn aforefaid, through Nnv Cborch end Be cup, to Todmorden $ and for making a road from the kid road between Bury and Haflingdtn, in the town* fhip of fVilnurJlty^ to the river Itwell, and for building a bridge over the bid river* all in the county palatine of Lancafler.

Cap. jo8. For enlarging the term and powers of three afts, pQfod io the third and twenty-fecond yean of his late majefty King George the Second^ and in the ninth year of the reign of Ws prefent Majefty, for repotting the fe*oeral roads leading into the city of Hereford ; and for amending the roads to Llaneloudy Hill and Langna Bridge, and alfo for making and keeping in repair the roads from the faid city of Hertford to Hearwithy Poffege, through the feveral townihips or places therein mentioned.

Cap. 109. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarg* ing the powers of fo much of an adt, patted in the eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as relates to amending and widening the road from the city of York to the top of Ofwald-hri Bank, and for difcharging the truftees from the care of the roads from the faid road in Sutton Field, through Creike, towards Oulftofty to the extent of the lordthip of Craike, in the county of York.

Cap. no. For repairing and widening the road from Each* dole Lone End, in the village of Heywood, in the parith of Bus% to 4 place called The Loots End, in the parith of Preftvotib* in the county of palatine of Lancafler.

PRIVATE ACTS.

u A N id for dividing and inclofing certain ings or meadow ground, called Bradley lags, and two moors or commons calkd Upper Bradley Common and Lower Bradley Common, within the manor of Bradley, in the parilh of Kildwick, in the weft riding of the county of York.

2.	An a^l to enable Ralph fflllis efquire, (lately called Ralph Earle) and the heirs male of his body, to take the furname, and bear the arms of Willis only, purfuant to the will of Daniel Willis efquire, deceafed.

3.	An a<St‘for naturalizing Nathaniel Wmdt.

4.	An a<5t for naturalizing John Gottlieb Klopfer, John William Fogel, and Henry Stffken.

5.	An adl for the naturalization of Jacob Siordet and James Lewis Siordet.

6.	An a& for the naturalization of Lewis Pour tales*

7.	An adt to diflfolve the marriage of Henry Forticl Sheridan efquire, with Lydia Ferguffime, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

8.	An act for dividing and inclofing the open fields, downs,

commons,

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

commons, and commonable lands, in the manor and pari<h of Lower Swell, in the county of Gloutefler.

9.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open and common fields and commons downs, common paftiuw*, common meadows,, cbmraon marlhcs, and other commonaWe lands and ground*, within the parilh of Broughton, in the county of Southampton.

10.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and indofing the open common fields, and feveral other lands and grounds, in the parifti of clbruffingtony of her wife Tbruftanton, other wife Trujjington, in the county of Leicejler.

11.	An ad for naturalizing Frederiek Samel Secretany other-wife called Samuel Frederick Secretan.

12.	An ad for veiling the fettled ellates, of William Halbtt efquire, to exchange or fell the fame, and for laying out the money arifing by the fale in the purchafe of other mefluages, lands, and hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

' 13. An ad for veiling certain ellates devifed by the will of fir John Philipps baronet, deceafed, in trufiees, to be fold, and for inverting the money arifing from the fale thereof in the purchafc of other lands, tf> be fettled to the ufes devifed by the find will of the ellates fo to be veiled in trullees to be fold.

14.	An ad for dividing and indofing a certain common called Wifwell Moor9 in the townlhip of Wifwell9 and parilh of Wballey, in the county palatine of Lmcqfter.

15.	An ad for dividing aod inclofing the feveral open fields, arable and meadow grounds, and; lammas lands and commons, moors, and warte lands, within the manors of Stanwell and Hammonds, otherwise Sbipcot, and in the parilh of Stanwell% in the county of Afiddlefex.

16.	An ad for dividing and allotting the open and common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, in Puttony alias Podington, in the village or tything of Eaftony in the parilh of Cbickerilly alias Weft Chickerill, in the county of Dorfet.

17.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the common fields and warte lands within the manors of Mecoen’ Ifcoed and Plasy Dinas* in the county of Montgomery.

18.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and laying in fevendty, the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftiires, open downs, and other commonable lands, within the parilhcs of Urcbjont and Beeching/} oke* in the county of Wilts.

19.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open fields, meadows, partures, commons, commonable places, and warte lands, in the lordfhip or liberties of Grooby, in the parilh of Ratby and county of Leicejler.

2#. An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common partures, and wafie grounds, in the parilh of Wbatton, in the county of Nottingham.

21.	An ad for dividing and inclofing certain Hinted partures within the townlhip of Lancliffe* in the weft riding of the county

*2. Aq

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE of thfc STATUTES,

22.	%Q 2d ro enable Charles Watlin John Buciwrtb efquire* and the heirs male of his body, to take and ufe the furname, and beif ihearms of Sbakerliy, purfuam to the will of Peter Shakcrley efquire, deccafed.

*3.	for naturalizing Anna Elizabeth Jackfon,

for naturalizing Anthony Demtzy.

25. An ad for eftablifhing, confirming, and carrying into erfeeffon cenain articles of agreement between the reverend JtknLmth, v icar of the parifh of Burley on the Hill% in the county of Rutland* and the right honourable George earl of IVtnchelfea and Nottingham, and thereby fettling all dilputes and differences which have arifen in confequence of a claim of tythes made by the faid vicar.

26s Ah ad for allowing timber to be cut upon certain eftates fettled by the will of general Philip Honywood, and for applying the money toarife therefrom in paying off a mortgage now due and owing on the fame eftates, and laying out the remainder in purchafe* of other eftates to be fettled to the fame ufes.

27. An ad for vefting certain parts of the fettled eftates of Rrztl Fitzberbert efquire, in truftees, to be fold, and for applying the money arifing from the fale thereof in difeharge of the incumbranqes affeding the fame, and for laying out the refidue m the purchafe of other lands, to be fettled to the ufes of the parts1 dfihe fettled eftates remaining unfold.

2ff. An ad to enable Richard Moland efquire, natural guardian of his infant daughters Elizabeth Moland, Anna Maria Moland, Laiitia Martha Moland, and Margaret Lucy Moland, and, in cafe bf his death, the future guardian or guardians of his faid daughters, during their minorities, to grant building leafes of one undivided moiety of certain lands, in the pari fries ot Birmingham, and 4fien near Birmingham, in the county of Warwick, and-to lay out convenient ftreets, ways, and pafl'ages, to the buildings to be ereded thereon.

29.	An ad for vefting divers undivided parts cf certain eftates in maffisr^fln^e, the fettled property of the reverend Jonas Sidney and Mary his wife, in truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the purchafe money in entire eftates, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

30.	Ah ad for vefting the eftate late of fir Thomas Pym Hales, baronet, deceafed, in the county of Kent, in truftees, to be fold andcKfpofed of for the payment of certain incumbrances affeditig tbe fame; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

ax. An act for vefting part of the eftates devifed by the will of jebn carl Tylney in London, Middle(ix, and E£ex% in truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the money thence arifing in other eftates, to be fettled in lieu thereof to the fame ufes.

32.	An ad for effeduating the fale of certain eftates late of John FaRer, deceafed.

33.	An ad for vefting part of the fettled eftates of William — Nertbey efquire, in the county of Wilts, in truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the purchafe money in other eftates, to be fettled to the fame ufes,

Vo 1. XXXVI.	b 34- An

Digitized by

Google

ATABLEoftheSTATUTES.

\

34.	An adl for effectuating the fale of the freehold eftate of Nathaniel Webb efquire, and Harriet Eton, his wife, an

at Borebam, in the county of Effex.

35.	An aft for carrying into execution an agreement for fale of the brewhoufe and hereditaments in and near Golden London, lately belonging to Jofeph Dickenfon efquire, deceafed* and for applying two-thirds of the money, agreed to be paid for the purchafe of the freehold part of the faid brewivoufe amf hereditaments, in the purchafe of freehold hereditaments, to t»e fettled in manner in the faid a# mentioned; and for fuch other purpofes as in the faid alt mentioned,

36.	An a£t to enable the tenants for life, and other perfons in. poueffion, or intitled to the rents of the eftates comprised in certain indentures of fettlement, one made purfuant to articles entered into upon the marriage of Benjamin Parker, of Birming* ham, in the county of Warwick, gentleman, with Am his wife» and the others made purfuant to articles entered into upon the marriage of John Robbins, of Birmingham aforefaid, gentleman* with Maty his wife, to grant leafes; and for other purpofes.

37.	An a# to enable the reverend William Lloyd to complete his contra# with Jacob BoJ'anquet efquire, for fale of part of his fettled eftates, and veiling the remaining part of the fame eftates in truftees for fale.

38.	An a# to enable fir John Ingleby baronet, to charge hi% fettled eftates ip the county of Xork in the manner therein mentioned.

39.	An a# for veiling certain parts of the real eftates late of Francis Bine, of the town and county of the town of Kfngflju$ upon Hull, merchant, dccealed, in truftees, to fell and cpnvey thei fame,' and for laying out the money arifing by fuch ffde in manner, and upon the trulls, therein mentioned.

40.	An a# for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the Qpen and common fields, common downs, walle lands, and otper commonable places, within the feveral tvthings of Qdibam, North* warnborough, Hillfide, Rye, and Stapely, in the parilb of Odibamt* in the county of Southampton.

41.	An a# for dividing and inclofing the open arable fields* meadows, paftures, and wafte grounds, in the townftiip of Co* pijlon, in the parilh of Swine, in Holdernefs, in the eaft riding of the county of York.

42.	An a# for dividing and allotting the open $pd commQR;

fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parilhet of Berwick Saint James and Fijbert^n Anger, in. the county of, Wilts.	*

43.	An a# for embanking the cpmmon fait majlh within,the townlhip of Watyole* in the county of Norfolk, and for dividing and inclofing the fame, and feveral other commons within tbft faid townlhip.

44.	An a# for dividing and inclofing the heaths, fengroppds* commons, and wafte lands? within the parifh of Boflhqm^ip,tbei: county of Norfolk.

'' '	45-	A1*

■	Google

j A TAfclE of the STATUtES.

45.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the ppm end common fcfos, common meadows, common pa&ures, and wqAe lands;

I in the parifh of Normanpy next Sp in tbe county of Liattln. t 46. Aniftfor dividing and indofing (fie open and comment i fifth, meadows, and commons, of and witbfot Hie parKh of • Smtb &wsrtb, in the county of Lt'uefier.

47.	An idt for dividing, allotting, and ipcloing, the Open cantnoo fields, common meadows, common patnires, wafle hods, andcotnmonahle places, within the hamlets of Beurton a ad IPdUbfield, in the parish of Sbriyepbans, in the county of Berks.

48.	An ad to enable Arthur A Roberts efquire, and the heirs of his body, to take, ufe, and bear, tbe filename and arms

of	PtwtU, purfuxnt to the will of John Powell efquire, deceafed.

49.	' An a& for naturalizing Henry Nantes.

50.	An ad for naturalizing Chriftopber Gemfis.

5s. An adt for veiling divers manors, mefiaages, lands, and hereditaments, in tbe counties of Stafford and Salop, late the oftate of Elisabeth Parfon, deceafed, wife of Jobu Parjim efquire, in trnfiees, to be (old, for the purpofes therein mentioned,

S?. An acl to difiolvc tbe marriage of Wtllian'fftbts Arakin efqtottre, with Henrietta Mtlyneux his now wife, and to enable bios to many again, and for other purpofes therein mentioned;

53.	An aS jlpr dividing and mckfog the commons and wafte

grounds within the manqr or townlhip of Bromley, in the parifh of L&4s jutd county of York*	r

54.	An afl for dividing and iodofing tbe common and open

fieMbs,meadows, paflures, and common or moor, within the liberties of Mar Ron upon Dove,	H, Hoots, and Hoots Hay in

the parifh ’tif marjlon upon Dove, in the county of Derby.

55.	An ad fordividing and inclofing feveral open fields and fliirted paflures within the townlhip of Tborpt, in the parifh of

BtrrtAtftl,rs\ the weft riding of the county of York.

56.	- An ad for dividing and. inclofing the open and common fields, and otbbr commonable lands and grounds, within the hamlet and liberties of Sibford Fe, in the parifh ui Swalcliffe, in tbe cdiirity of G&j$ri.

57.	Arid afl for dividing and inclofing the open fields, meadows, forefti 'dotnmons, and wafle lands, within the parifh of Arnold, in the county of l^ettingbam.

58.	Art a<5t for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, all the open field*, meadows, commons, and wafle lands, in the lordfhip or Itbert/er of Ofma/lon next Derby, in the county of Derby, except only a certain meadow there, called Toe Moor Meadow, and a certain coorraonable place, called Sin fin Moor,

yp An act for dividing and inclofing the open fields, dinted poRme, and other commonable lands, within the parifh of Cold ffjrVky, in the north riding of the county of York.

6a Art' tor dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the feveral men coititndn fields, meadows, common paflures, and other ~	'	common-

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

commonable lands and grounds within the manor and parHh of Denton, in the county of Lincoln.

61.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open or common fields, meadows, paftures, and wafte grounds, within the manor or lord (hip of Hemmington, in the parilh of Lockington, and county of Leicefter.

62.	An adl for naturalizing John Henry Foci, called Baron dt Robed,

63.	An adl for naturalizing Peter Lecornu.

64.	An adl for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the feveral parcels of common fen, and other commonable lands and wafte grounds, within or belonging to the pariih of IVyberton> in the parts of Holland, in the county of"Lincoln.

. 65. An adl for dividing and inclofing the feveral open and common fields, a common pafture, and feveral wafte grounds, within the parifti of Harflon, in the county of Leiccjler.

66.	An adl for naturalizing Anthony Charles Benjamin Saladin.

67.	An adl for veiling the manor of AJbted otherwife Great AJbttdy and feveral tnefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the county of Surrey, therein mentioned, in truftees, to be fold and conveyed purfuaot to ao agreement for that pur-pofe, and for invefting part of the money to arife by fuch fale in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled to the feveral ufes therein mentioned or referred unto, and for other purpofcs therein cxprefled.

68.	An adt for naturalizing Henry de Bons, Francis Blanthenay, and James Chauvct.

The End. of the T ABLE.

Digitized by t^ooQle

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Annoregni GEORGII III. Regis, Magna	Britannia,	Franci, & ,

vicefimo feptimo.

AT fie parliament begun and holden at Weft-. minfler, the eighteenth day of May, Anno Domini 1784, in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of our fovereign lord GEORGE the	by	the

grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, (3c. And from thence continued, by feveral prorogations, to the twenty-third day of January, 1787; being the fourth fejjion of the fxtecntbparliament of Great Britain.

C A P. I.

in aS ts render more effectual the laws now in being unlawful lotteries.

WHEREAS the good and wholefome from time to time Preamble.

made and provided for the fupprejjion of unlawful lotteries, end	tgdin/}adventstring in lotteries	ejlablijhed by of parliament,

in Great Britain or Ireland, by unlawful fales of chances of tickets, end ij injuring for or againfl the drawing offucb tickets, have not been fnnd effectual for the purpofes intended thereby : and whereas, in end by an a£t of parliament made and paffed in the eighth year of the reign of his late majefy King George the intituled. An $Geo.t. c.*. ad for continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder, and perry, to raife money by way of a lottery, for the fervice of the year oae thou fa nd feven hundred and twenty-two; and for transfer-raw the deficiencies of a late malt aft to the land tax for the You XXXVI.	B	~r laid

Digitized by La OOg IL

2

Anno vicefimo feptimo Georoii III. C, i. [1787.

faid year; and for giving time for inferting the money given with apprentices in their indentures; and touching loft bills, tickets, or orders; and for exchanging the tickets in the exchequer for certificates 5 and for fuppreffing lotteries denominated Tales, and other private lotteries; and for enlarging the time for the accountant general of the bank of England to return du- , plicates of annuities into the exchequer ; it is, amongjl other things, enafled. That all and every perfon or perfons who, after the twenty-firjl day 0/December, in the year of our Lord one tboufartd jeven hundred and twenty-one, Jball make, print, advertize, or pub-li/b, or cauft to be made, printed, advertized, or publijbed, propofols or fchemes for advancing fmall fums of money, by fevered per fens, amounting in the whole to large fums, to be divided among them by the chances of the prizes in fome publick lottery or lotteries ejlablifbed or allowed by a fl of parliament ; or /ball deliver out, or caufe or procure to be delivered out, tickets to the perfons advancing fuch fums, to intitle them to a fbare of the money fo advanced, according to fucb propofols or febemes 5 or Jball make, print, or publifh, or caufe to be made, printed, or publi/hed, any propofal or fcheme of the like kind or nature, if/iirr any denomination, iw/wr,	title whatever,	yfo// thereof

convifled, upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or ■	witnejfes,	£y /«*	/wrr/ jujlices of the peace of the county,	divifion,

liberty, where fuch offence Jhall be committed,	the offender /hall

9	be found, Jball, for fucb offence, over and above any former penalties infiifled by any former afl or afls of parliament, mofe againfi any private or unlawful lotteries,	/am */"yfo* hundred pounds :

and whereas, in and by two other afls of parliament, the one thereof wade and pajfed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majejly m Oeo. a. King George the Second, intituled. An a St for the more effectual c*	preventing	of	exceflive	and deceitful gaming; and the other thereof

made and pajfed in the twenty-ft con d year of the reign of his prefent and Geo. 3. Majejly, intituled, An adf for licenfing lottery office keepers, and c. 47-recited; regulating the fale of lottery tickets; many good and wbolefome proviftons are enafled, which require to be maintained and carried more effeflually into execution: and whereas great difficulties have arifen upon the methods of conviflion of offenders againjl the faid recited afls, before jffiices of the peace, and many evafrns of the faid recited afls are daily put in praflice: for remedy whereof, may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it ena&ed by the King’s raoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the and the pow- fame, That all and every the faid recited adts, and every article Civcn tfTcon- an(* ^ing in them contained, touching and concerning lotte-timic force, rics* and not ty this adl altered or repealed, or other provifion except fuch ’ made in lieu thereof, (hall be duly put in execution, according as are hereby to the tenor of the faid recited adts, and under/.the penalties altered, therein contained, to be raifed, levied, and difpofed of, as in and by this adt is diredted.

II.	And be it further enadted by the authority afbrefiud, fing€of thi»ar* ^ro|n *nd after lhc day on wbi«h this adt (hall receive his

^	^	Digitized	by	Google

tySy] Anno vicefimo fcptimo Georgii III. c. i.	g

Majefty’s royal affent, no pecuniary penalty or penalties, which at, penalties fhall be incurred by any perfon or perfons offending againft fuch incurred unpans of the faid acts, or any of them, as touch and concern lotteries, (hall be recovered or recoverable before any juftice or ^ fuedhor^by jufiices of the peace, but (hall and may be fued for by any per- any perfons 7 fon or perfons whomfoever, at any time within fix calendar whomfoever months next after fuch offence (hall be committed, and reco-rered by action of debt, bill, plaint, fuir, or information, in monl B* any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wefminfltr \ in which no efloin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance fhall be allowed; and one moiety of the faid refpective Application penalties, when recovered, fhall, in every fuch cafe, go and be °f penalties, applied to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and , the other moiety, with ’full cofts of fuit, to the perfon or perfons who (hall fue or profecute for the fame refpectively; and upon ever)' fuch action, bill, plaint, fuit, or information, a Ca-pits, or other writ, fhall and may iflue; .the firft procefe fpeci-fying therein the amount of the penalty or penalties fued for, whereof an affidavit (hall be firft duly made and filed ; and the Ineveryaction defendant or defendants (hall, in fuch cafe, be obliged to give fufficlent ball or fecurity, by natural born fubjects, perfons na- tasrivc^iUo turahzed, or denizens, to the perfon or perfons to whom fach anfwer it. CuplaSj or other writ, (hall be directed, to appear in the court out of which fuch proccfs fhall be iflued, at the day of the return of fuch procefs, to anfwer fuch fuit or profecution ; and fnall Meewife, at the time of fuch appearance, give fufficient bail or fecurity, by fuch perfons as aforefaid, in the faid court, to anfwer and pay all the forfeitures and penalties incurred for fuch offence or offences, together with the cofts of fuit, in cafe he,

(he, or they fhall be convicted thereof, or to yield his, her, or their body or bodies to prifon : provided always, That the bail B*»l not to herein before required to be given fhall, in no cafe, exceed the exceed 5001. fum of five hundred pounds.

III.	And whereas, in and by an aft made and paffed in the f'even-	'

Umth year of the reign of his late majefy King George the Second,

intituled^ An act to amend and make more effectual the laws re- i7peo.i,c.j#

bring to rogues, vagabonds, and other idle and difordcrly per- rccitc<1*

fens, and to houfes of correction ; it is enabled, That all perfons

trying or betting at any unlawful games or plays /hall be deemed

rogues and vagabonds within the true intent and meaning of that aft :

cni whereas all lotteries not efabh/hed by aft of parliament, in Great

Britain or Ireland, are declared to be common and publick nuifances:

cri whereas all adventuring with lottery ticket/, in fuch lotteries as

cn efablifbed by aft of parliament, other than by the aftual fale of

tickets, and cf fuch /hares thereof as are permitted by law to be fold,

is wholly prohibited by the feiid aft of the twenty fecond year of the

reign of his prefent Majefy: and whereas it would tend greatly to

fvpprefs fuch abufes in the lottery now efabli/hed, and in all future

lotteries that may hereafter be efabli/hed by law, if the per/on and

perfons guilty of any of the offences againf this aft, or fuch parts of

tie berein-before mentioned aft:, or any of them, as touch and concern

B 2	lotteries)

Digitized by Google

and extended to perfons who Hi all deal in tickets without tak* ing out a licence purfu-ant to x% Geo. 3. or fell chances, See.

Juftices to commit of-fendrrs to the houfe of correction till the next quarter ldliona.

Anno vicefimo (eptimo Georgii HI. c. 1. [ 1787

lotteries, might be punijbable under the faid 08 faffed in the /even teentb year of the reign of bis jaid fote Majefty, except in cafes of in fur antes on tickets by perfons a flu ally pffffed thereof under the re jtriflions herein-after mentioned; be it therefore farther enaded by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the day on which this ad (hall receive his Majefty’s royal affent, all and every perfon and perfons who (hall publicity or privately open, fet up, continue, or keep, by himfelf or herfelf, or by .any other perfon or perfons, any office, or other place for buying, felling, or otherwife dealing in any tickets, or any (hares oJ tickets. In any lottery now eftablifhed, or hereafter to be efta^ blifhed, by any Britifb or Irijb ad of parliament, or for regi^ fiering the numbers of fuch tickets, without the authority of a licence duly obtained for that purpofe from the commiflioners for managing the duties upon (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, for the time being, in the manner in and by the (aid ic-| cited ad of the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his prelentj Majefty directed; and all and every perfon and perfons (except as herein-after is provided), who (hall, by himfelf, herfelfj or themfelves, or by any other perfon or perfons, or for his, her, or their own account, or for or on the account, or as the fer-vant, agent, or fador, of any other perfon or perfons, fell* or caufe or procure to be fold, the chance or chances of any fuch ticket or tickets, or any (hare or (hares thereof, for a day, or part of a day, or any lefs time than the whole time of drawing in any fuch lottery then to come \ or infure, or caufe or procure any other perfon or perfons to infure, for or againft the drawing of aqy fuch ticket or tickets5 or (hall receive any money or goods whatsoever, in confutation of any agreement or promife to repay any fum or fums of money, or to deliver the fame, or any plate, jewels, or other goods whatfoever, if any fuch ticket or tickets (hall prove fortunate or unfortunate, or upon any other chance or chances, event or events, contingency or contingencies, relative or applicable to the drawing of any fuch ticket or tickets, whether as to the time of their being drawn, or otherwife howfoever, (hall be deemed rogues and vagabonds, within the true intent and meaning of the faio recited ad of the feventeenth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, and (hall be puni(hable as fuch rogues and vagabonds accordingly5 and all perfons who (hall be found offending againft this ad, in the manner above mentioned, (hall and may be apprehended and conveyed before fome juftice or juftices of the peace, as in and by the faid recited ad, in relation to the rogues and vagabonds therein deferibed, is direded ; and the juftice or juftices before whom fuch offender (hall be brought, fuch offender not having been fued or profecuted for the fame offence, without covin or collufion, in fome of his Majefly’s courts of record, by fuch adion of debt, bilj, plaint, fuit, or information, as aforefaid, (hall and may, upon full and fufficient proof of the offence, in the manner in and by the faid recited ad direded, order fuch offender to be lent to the houfe of corredion, there to remain

until

Digitized by

Google

5

1787.I Anno vicefimo feptlmo Georgii III, c. 1.

until the next general or quarter feffions of the peace for the county, tiding, divifion, or place, where the faid offence was committed and the juftices, at fuch feffions, (hall enter upon the examination of the cafe, and proceed therein according to the diredions of the faid recited ad of the feventeenth year of his laid late Majefty 5 and all juftices of the peace, mayors, bailiffs, conftables, headboroughs, and other his Majefty’s civil officers, within their refpedive jurifdidions, are hereby tmpow-ered and ftriclly required to ufe their utmoft endeavours to prevent the committing of any of the offences aforefaid, by all law* fill ways and means; and (hall be, and are hereby indemnified for any thing done in execution of this ad.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That all other the powers, authorities, rules, diredions, punifh- The powers of meats, and provifions, preferibed and inflided in and by the rccft*d adt of laid recited ad of the feventeenth year of his faid late Majefty, tended to this for the apprehending, fecuring, and punithing perfons as rogues ad. and vagabonds within the true intent and meaning of the faid ad, not hereby altered, (hall be applied and carried into execution in relation to the perfons hereby declared to be rogues and vagabonds, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame powers, authorities, rules, diredions, puniftunents, and pro* vifions, and every of them, had feverally and refpedively been re-enaded in this ad.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the autho* rity afore&id, That, from and after the day on which this ad From the pair* ftttli receive his Majefty’s royal aflent, it (hall and may be law- th,a -fol for any perlon, adually poffeffed of any whole undrawn ^or ticket, in any lottery now eftablithed, or hereafter to be efta- whole ticket bliflied by law in Great Britain, to make or caufe to be made may infure it, anyinfuranceon his or her ticket, for the indemnifying himfelf bY a writtea or herfelf againft any lofs which he or (he may fuftain by ad- f^tTown venturing in the faid lottery for or by reafon of fuch ticket, fo Taiue. as every con trad or agreement for Uich infurance be reduced into writing, (without being fubjed to any of the duties under the management of the commiffioners of ftamps), before the rime of fuch ticket being drawn in the faid lottery; and fo as the name of the pofieffor of fuch ticket at the time of fuch infurance, the number thereof, the lottery to which fuch ticket (hail belong, and the amount of the premiums received thereon, be refpedively infested and exprefled in fuch agreement, and fo as every fuch infurance be made upon a whole ticket or whole tickets only, on condition to pay the full amount or value there* of, and not otherwife; any thing contained in this ad, or in the hid ad of the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for Itcenftng lottery office keeperand regulating the fait of littery tickets, to the contrary thereof notwithftanding,

VI.	Provided always, That no fuch infurance (hall be for a When an In-kfc time than ihall then remain of the drawing of the faid lot- France is tery; and that every fuch ticket foinfured (hall be depofited, by the* the perfon fo injuring the fame, in an office eftablithed, or to whole time

„	B3	be	remaining

Digitized by

Goc e

the drawing; and the ticket mull be depo-(ited with the receiver-general of the ftamp duties, of fome per-fon appointed by him to receive it. Tickets and infurance* aflignable.

Perfons not duly licenfed making inltir-ances, liable to the penalties of keeping unlicenfed lottery offices.

Offenders not to be liable to profecutions for pecuniary penalties, and «lfo as vagabonds:

Nor before a

juftice for offences re-Ipefting lotteries already eftablilhcd, unlefs information has been made before Feb. 5, 1787.

Hi8 Majefty’s ihare or penalties to be



Anno viccfimo feptimo GeoRGII III. c. i.

be eftablifhed, by the commiffioncrs for managing the duties upon ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper, tor the time being, for the depofit of tickets intended to be fold in (hares, by virtue of an aft parted in the twenty-fecond year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for licenfmg lottery office keepers, and regulating the fale of lottery tickets ; and (hall be there left with the receiver-general of his Majefty's ftamp duties, or fome perfon or perfons to be appointed by him to receive the fame* and who is and are hereby authorized and required to receive the fame: provided alfo, That every fuch ticket fo depofited may be aflignable, together with fuch infurance.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons whatsoever, not being duly licenfed under the (aid aft of the twenty-fecond year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, (hall, from and after the day on which this aft (hall receive his Majefty’s royal aflent, grant, fign, or underwrite any agreement for any fuch infurance as aforefaid; or (hall take or receive any premium, or confident-tion in "the nature of a premium, for fuch infurance, every fuch perfon or perfons, not duly licenfed as aforefaid, (hall be fubje& to the like pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as are inflifted on perfons keeping lottery offices without the authorijy of fuch licence by the faid aft of the twenty-fecond year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, or by this aft, to be levied and recovered, in-flifted, applied, and carried into execution, as in and by this aft is direfted, and according to the true intent and meaning thereof.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That ho perfon (hall be liable to be profecuted for any offence againft this aft, or fuch parts of the herein-before mentioned afts, or any of them, as touch and concern lotteries, by both the ways by this aft preferibed; nor (hall any perfon againft whom any aftion, fuit, or information, for the recovery of a pecuniary penalty, hath been commenced and carried on with effeft, be liable to impriforiment as a rogue and vagabond under this aft for the fame offence; and that where any perfon (hall be convifted and fentenced to imprifonment as a rogue and vagabond under this aft, fuch perfon (hall not be liable afterwards to be profecuted for any pecuniary penalty for the (ante offence.

IX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That no perfon or perfons (hall be fubjeft or liable to any profecution before any juftice or juftices of the peace, for any offence againft the herein-befbre mentioned afts, touching and concerning any lottery now eftablilhed or heretofore efta-blifhed in this kingdom, unlefs information thereof (hall have been made on or before the fifth day of February, one tboufand (even hundred and eighty-feven.

X.	And be it further enafted, That all fuch penalties and forfeitures, and.ftiares.of penalties and forfeitures, and Turns of money, which (hall belong to his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-

ceflors,

y Google

Digitized by *

vjO7.]	Annoricefimo feptimo GeoRGII III. c. 2.	7

tefibrs, and which (hall be received by any officer or officers in paid to the the execution of this adt, (hall be paid into the hands of the re-jfterver-general of the (lamp office for the time being, who (hall ftamp^fficc* keep x feparate and dillindl account thereof, and thereout (hall

Sthe expence the faid office (hall be put to in executing this ; and the (aid receiver-general (hall pay the refidue into the Receipt of the exchequer at fuch time, and in fuch manner, as ether penalties and forfeitures, due and payable to his Majcfty, are or (hall be paid or payable.

XI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time or times be Cued, molelled, or profecuted, for any thing by him, her, or them done or executed in purfuance of this act, or of any claufet matter, or thing herein contained, fuch perfon or perfons may plead the general ifTue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence General iflue. for his, her, or their defence 5 and if upon the trial a verdiS lhali pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cods awarded to him, her, or them. Treble cofts. againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. II.

/n c3 to enable his Majefty to tftablijb a court of criminal judicature en the eaflem coajl of New South Wales, and the parts efferent.

WHEREAS by an aft, made andpaffidin the twenty-fourth Preamble.

year of his prefent Majeflfs reign, intituled, An adt for the %4 Geo. 3. efieftual tranfportation of felons, and other offenders; and to c. $6. authorize the removal of prifoners in certain cafes; and for other purpofes therein mentioned; it is enafted, That, from and after the puffing of that aft, when any perfon or perfons, at any Jef-pens of oyer or terminer or gaol delivery, or at any quarter or other general fejfton of the peace to be bolden for any county, riding, divi-dty, town, borough, liberty, or place, within that part of Great Britain called England, or at any great feffion to be holden for the county palatine of Chefter, or within the principality of Wales, Ihall be lawfully convifted of grand or petit larceny, or any other offence for which fuch perfon or perfons Jball be liable by the laws of this realm to be tranfported, it Jhall and may be lauful for the court before which any fuch perfon or perfons Jball be convifted as oferefaid, or any jubfequent court bolden at any place for the fame canty, riding, divifion, city, town, borough, liberty, or place, re-festively, with like authority, to order and adjudge that fuch perfon or perfons, fo convifted as aforefaid, Jball be tranfported beyond the Jeas, for any term of years not exceeding the number of years or term for which fuch perfon or perfons is or are, or Jhall be liable by any law to be tranfported; and in every fuch cafe, it Jball and may be lawful for his Majefty, by and with the advice of bis privy council, to declare and appoint what place or places, part or parts beyond the Jeas, either within bis Majeflfs dominions, or elfewbere out of

B 4	bis

Digitized by

S	Anno vlccfimo fcptimo GeoRGH III. c. i* [1787-*

his Majefty s dominions, fucb felons or other offenders Jball be con— vcyed or tranfported> and fucb court as aforefaid is thereby authorized and impowered to order fuch offenders to be transferred to the life of any perfon or per fens, and bis or their affigns, who Jball con* trail for the due performance of fuch tranfportation: and .when bis Majefty, his heirs and fuccejfors, Jball be pleafed to extend mercy X# any offender or offenders who hath or have been, or Jball be convi&ti of any crime or crimes, for which be, Jhe, or they, is, are, or Jball be by law excluded from the benefit of clergy, upon condition of tranfportation to any place or places, pari or parts beyond the feas, either for term of life, or any number of years, and fuch extenfion of merry Jhall be Jignified by one of his Majejly's principal fecretaries of flatty it Jball be lawful for any court, having proper authority, to allow fuch offender or offenders the benefit of a conditional pardon, and (except in tafes where fuch offenders Jhall be authorized by his Majejly if tranfport himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves), to order the transfer of fucb offender or offenders to any perfon or perfens who Jhall contrail for the due performance of fuch transportation> and his or their ajfign$9 for fuch and the fame term of years for which any fucb offender or offenders Jhall have been ordered to be tranfported, or for fuch term of ufe or years as Jhall be fpecified’ in fuch condition of tranfportation ? and whereas his Majejly, by two fcveral orders in council, bearing date refpellively on the fixth day of December, one tboufand feven hundred and eighty fix, hath judged fit, by and with the advice of bis privy council, to declare and appoint the place to which certain offenders, named in two lifts to the faid fcveral orders in council annexed* Jhould be tranfported, for the time or terms in their feveral fenienus mentioned, to be the eajlern coojl of New South Wales, or fomt one or other of the iflands adjacent: and whereas fir James Eyre knight^ and Jir Beaumont Hotham knight, two of the barons of his Majejly s court of exchequer of the degree of the coiffe, according to tha authority to them given by the faid Jlatute, did, on the thirtieth day ^/'December, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty fix, order that the faid feveral offenders, in the faid two feveral lifts to the faidfeve-ral orders in council annexed, Jhould be tranfperted to the place, and for the time and terms aforefaid: and whereas it may be found neccf* fary that a colony and a civil government Jhould be eflablijhed in the place to which fuch convills Jball be tranfported, under and by virtue of the faid all of parliament, the faid two fcveral orders of council* and other the faid above recited orders, and that a court of criminal jurifdillion Jhould alfo be efiabtijhed within fucb place as aforefaid* with authority to proceed in a more fummary way than is ufed within this realm, according to the known and efiablifijed laws thereof: be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and His Majefty by the authority of the fame. That his Majefty may, by his the*Senior6 comm*®on under the great feal, authorize the perfon to be ap-oHienlcnant P0>nte^ governor, or the lieutenant governor in the abfence of governor of the governor, of fuch place, as aforefaid, to convene from time flew South to time, as occafion may require, a court of judicature for th>e

trial

V

Digitized by L^ooQle

1787.I Anno viccfimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 3.	9

trial and punHhment of all fuch outrages and mifbehaviodrs as, Wales tocon-if committed within this realm, would be deemed and taken, according to the law* of this realm, to be treafon or mifprifion forJtheTrial thereof, felony, or mifdemeanor; which court (hall confift of of offenders, the judge advocate to be appointed in and for fuch place, toge- Who are to be ther with fix officers of his Majefty’s forces by fea or land: members of which court (hall proceed to try fuch offenders, by calling fuch the court, and offenders refpedtivcly before that court, and caufing the charge to proceed*^ againft him, her, or them refpeflively to be read over $ which trying offea-charge (hall always be reduced into writing, and (lull be exhi- ders. bited to the (aid court by the judge advocate; and by examining witnedes upon oatb, to be adminiftered by fuch court, as well for as againft fuch offenders refpedtively, and afterwards adjudging, by the opinion of the major part of the perfons competing fuch court, that the party accufed is or is not (as the cafe (hall appear to them) guilty of the charge, and by pronouncing judgement therein (as upon a conviction by verdieft) of death, if the offence be capital, or of fuch corporal puni(hment, not extending to capital puniftiment, as to the (aid court (hall feem meet; and in cafes not capital, by pronouncing judgement of (uch corporal puniftunent, not extending to life or limb, as to the (aid court (hall feem meet.

II.	And be it further exuded, That the provoft marfhal, or Jtovoft other officer tpbe for that purpofe appointed by fuch governor

or lieutenant governor, (hall caufe due execution of fuch judge- judgement of meat to be had and made under and according to the warrant the court, of fuch governor, or lieutenant governor in the abfence of the If five mem* governor, under bis hand and feal, and not otherwife: pro- bcr8 do.not. Tided always. That execution (hall not be had or done on any S^oVcj^ capital convidt or coovidts, unlefs five perfons prefent in fuch tal offenders court (hall concur in adjudging him, her, of them^ fd accufed guilty, the and tried as aforefaid, to be refpedtively guilty, until the pro- f*cSuti<T *2 ceedings (hall bave been tranfmitted to his Majefty, and by him [£epriced-approved.	bes t* tranf-

III.	And be it alfo enafted by the authority aforefaid. That routed to his the faid court (hall be a court of record, and (nail have all fuch Majeftyand powers as by the laws of England are incident and belonging to aPPr0Tcd-

• coo,, of reed.

CAP. III.

Am aB for the	regulation of hit Majefiy’s marine forces while, on

Jbort.-------The fame as 28 Geo. 2.	11.	and	the feveral ails

fince,except the following	feflions.

XX.	A ND whereas it may be for the benefit of the fervice far

il.	the commanding officer to have a power to exchange the billets or quarters of marines quartered in the fame town or place; be it therefore ena<5ted by the authority aforefaid. That the com- Commanding manding officer of marines, in any rown or place where fuch ^hane^ma-marine forces are quartered, (hall, and he'is hereby declared to 'ines in their* hive power, from time to time, to exchange any marine or quarters,

marines

Digitized by

Google

Anno vicefimo fcptimo Georgii III. c. 3. [1787.

marines quartered in futh town or place for any other marine or marines quartered in the fame town or place, provided the number of men do not exceed the number at that time billetted on fuch houfes refpeCtively, where fuch men (hall be exchang-ahd the con* ed ; and the conftables, tithingmen, headboroughs, and other ftables to bit- chicf officers and magiftrates of the cities, towns, and villages, accordingly. or 0,^er P*aces* where any of the faid marine forces (ball be 8 7‘ quartered, are hereby required to billet fuch men fo exchanged accordingly.

Marines’	XXXI.	And	be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That

w»«».&c*n°t if any officer, military or civil, by this aCt authorized to quarter tered without kMiera »n an>' houfes hereby appointed for that purpofe, fhaH, content. at any time during the continuance of this aCt, quarter any of the wives, children, men or maid fervants, of any officer or marine, in any fuch houfes, againft the confent of the owners j Penalty. the party offending, if an officer of the marines, (hall, upon complaint and proof thereof made to the comtniffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral, or judge advocate, be fa£io caihiered; and if a conftable, tithingman, or other civil >	officer,	he	(hall	forfeit to the party aggrieved twenty (hillings,

upon complaint and proof thereof made to the next juftice of the peace; to be levied, by warrant of fuch juftice, by diftrefs and fale of his goods, rendering the overplus to the party, after deducing reafonable charges in taking the fame.

XXXII.	And, for tbt better of m or fuch place where any officen or /ball at any tine be	’,

Pw«Uy on be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That if, from and after officers and faid twenty-fifth day of , one thou (and feven hundred ftroyfne the atM* eighty-feven, any officer or foldier (hall, without leave of 6 the lord of the manor, under his hand and feal, firft had and obtained, take, kill, or deftroy, any hare, coney, pheafanr, partridge, pigeon, or any other fort of fowls, poultry, or fifh, or his Majefty’s game, within the kingdom of Great	,

and upon complaint thereof (hail be, upon oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, convicted before any juftice or juftices of the peace, who is and are hereby impoWered and authorized to hear and determine the fame} (that is to fay),

. Every officer fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five pounds, to be diftributed among the poor of the place where fuch offence Stall be committed; and every officer commanding in chief upon the place, for every fuch offence committed by any marine under his command, (nail forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings, to be paid and diftributed in manner aforefaid: and if, upon conviction made by the juftices of the peace, and detnand thereof alfo made by the conftable or orer-feers of the poor, fuch officers (hall tefufe or negleCt, and not within two days pay the faid refpeCtive penalties, fuch officer (b sefufing or neglecting (hall forfeit, and he is hereby declared to have forfeited, his commiffion, and his commiffion is hereby declared to be null and void.

A pro*

Digitized by Google

fjrf?.] Anno vicefimo fcptimo Georg n III. c. 3.

A provilb in former a£ti in regard to Ireland left out.

XXXV U. And*, in order to prevent ail doubts tubitb may arife in relation to punijbing offences committed againjl former afts of par-lament made for the regulation of the marine forces while on /bore, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That all crimes and offences which have Iseen committed againft any of the former ads in that behalf, (hall and may, during the continuance of this prefent ad, be enquired of, heard, tried* determined, adjudged, and punUhed, before and by the like courts, perfons, powers, authorities, ways, means, and methods, as the like crimes and offences committed againft this prefent ad mav be enquired of, heard, tried, determined, adjudged, and punimed.

XXXVIII. Provided always. That no perfon (hall be liable to be tried or puntfhed for any offence committed againft any of the (aid former ails, which (hall appear to have been committed more than three years before the iffuing of the commif-Son or warrant for fuch trial; except only for the offence of defertion*

for trial; except in cafes of defertion

XLI. And be it further enabled. That, from the palling of this ad, no marine, being arrefted or confined for debt, in any prifon* gaol, or other place, (hall be intitled to any part of his pay from the day of fuch arreft or confinement, until the day of bis return to the regiment or company to which he (hall belong.

XLJI. And be it further cna&ed by the authority aforefaid. That if any high conftable, eonftable, bedel, or other officer or per (bn whatsoever, who, by virtue or colour of this ad, (hall quarter or billet, or be employed in quartering or billetting, any marine officers or private men, (hall negkd or re&fe, for the (pace of two hours, to quarter or billet fuch officers or marines, when thereunto required, in (uch manner as is by this ad di-reded, provided fufficient notice be given before the arrival of fetch forces ; or (hall receive, demand, contrad, or agree for, any fom or f*ms of money, or any reward whatfoever, for or on account of cxcefing, or in order to excufe, any perfon or perfons whatfoever from quartering or receiving into his, her, or their houfe or houfes, any fuch officer or marine5 or in cafe any victualler, or any other perfon liable by this ad to have any oncer or marine bilktted or quartered on him or her, (hall re-fofe to receive or vidual any fuch officer or marine fo quartered ar billetted upon him or her, as aforefaid; or (hall refufe to fnraifh or allow, according to the diredions of this ad, the feveral things herein-before refpedively direded to be furnifhed ar allowed to non-commiffioti officers or marines fo quartered or billetted on him or her, as aforefaid, at the rate herein-before mentioned, and (hall be thereof convided, before any one or more jufttce or juftices of the peace of the county, city, or liberty, within which fuch offence (hall be committed, either by his own confeffion, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs

or

II

Offences a-gain(t former ads may he enquired of and punifhed at under this ad.

Provided no perfon be liable to be tried for offences committed three years before iffuing the warrant only. Marines, while confined for debt, not to receive pay.

Penalty o* conftables^cC. negkftiag to quarter marines;

or taking money to excufe any perfon from quartering;

and on victuallers refufing to receive marines.

Digitized by

Google

ii	Anno	vicefimo	feptimo Georgh III. C. 4,5.	[ 1 y 8

or witneftes, (which oath the faid juftice or juftices is and are hereby impowered to adminifter), every fuch high conftable, conftable, bedel, or other officer or perfon fo offending, Chall forfeit, for every fuch offence, the fum of five pounds, or any fum not exceeding five pounds nor lefs than forty (hillings, (as the faid juftice or juftices, before whom, the matter (hall be heard, (hall, in his or their difcretion, think fit) \ to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the perfon offending, by warrant under the hand and leal or hands and feals of fuch juftice or juftices before whom fuch offender (hall be convicted, or of one or more of them, to be directed to any other conftable within the county, city, or liberty, or to any of the overfeers of the poor of the parifti where the offender (hall dwell; and the faid fum of five pounds, or the faid fum not exceeding five pounds nor lefs than forty (hillings, when levied, to be paid to the overfeers of the poor of the parifti where the offence (hall be committed, or to fome one of them, for the ufe of the poor of fuch parifti.	•

XLIII. An^ for the better preventing abufes in quartering or bilUtting the marines in purfuance of this afi9 be it further enacfted ^rnfesTn Dt ^y autkority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to quartering, anc* ^or any onc or more juftice-or juftices ot the peace, within juftices may their, refpe&ive counties, cities, or liberties, by warrant or order order confta- under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, at any blea to give time & tinjes during the continuance of this aft* to require and the^urnber command any high conftable, conftable, bedel, or other officer^ of officers and who (hall quarter or billet any marines in purfuance of this private men, to give an account, in writing, unto the faid juftice or juftices andrThC^C requiring the fame, of the number of officers and private men quartered.	^Q (hall be quartered or billetted by them, and alfo the names

of the houfekeepers or perfons upon whom every fuch officer or private man (hall be quartered or billetted, together with an account of the ftreet or place where every fuch houfekeeper dwells, and of the figns (if any) belonging to their houfes; to the end it may appear to the (aid juftice or juftices where fuch officers and private men are quartered or billetted, and that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent or puniih all abufes in the quartering or billetting of them.

CAP. IV.

An aft for continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thou-fand feven hundred and eighty-feven.—Aft 1 Geo. 3. c. continued till June *4> 1788, raifed on exchequer bills, at 4I. ios. per cent.



CAP. V.

An an for granting an aid to bis Majejly by a land tax9 to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one tboufani feven hundred and eighty-feven.—45. in the pound.

To be raifed in Great Britain 2,037,627/. 9s. od. if. — In England and Wales 1)989,673/. ns. 10d. 1 a. and in Scotland 47*95+/. if- aut

bXXll. ANQ

Digitized by

Dogle

j;S7-] Anno vicefimo fcptimo Georgii III. c. 5.	13

LXXH. A ND be it further enadied, That the commifllon* Commiflion-JlV crs, clerks, and other officers, from time to time appointed and employed to manage the duties charged on (lamp- office^o be ed vellum, parchment, and paper, (hall be aflefled upon this aflefled in adt for their falaries, and other profits of their places, in Skire Shire Lane Lam ward, within the divifion of Saint Clemnt Danes and Saint ward#

Mary le Strand? in the liberty of Wejiminjler, where the falaries and other profits of the faid commiflioners, clerks, and other officers, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fire, were affeffed, and not elfewhere; fo as the full proportion which was affeffed on the faid divifion of Saint Clement Danes and Saint Mary le Strand, in the liberty of IVeJlminfler, in the j&id year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, be again afiefied thereon by virtue of this adt, and fo as any other divifion, diftri&, parifh, or place, to which the faid office are or may be removed, be not charged with a greater proportion, in refpedt of the faid falaries and profits, than it was in the faid year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding: provided always. That out of the fum to be affeffed on the faid A certain commifibners, clerks, and other officers, of the faid duties charged on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, there (hall men^tobe be paid to the collectors of the land tax for the divifion, diltridt, paid to the pariih, or place, to which the faid office are or may be removed, colleftore for one fourth part thereof, and alfo the whole of the land tax for thu-d«l*^r *2 all additional commiflioners, clerks, and other additional offi* mnw be cers of the faid duties, which (hall or may have been created removed, fince the twenty-fifth day of December, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, or which (hall or may be hereafter created; to be applied in aid of the affeffment to be laid upon the faid divifion, diftridt, pariih, or place, by virtue of this adt.

LXXJIL And be it further enaCted, That the commiflioners, Commiffion-clerks, and other officers, from time to time appointed and	of

employed in the office for victualling his Majefty’s navy, (hall i$ng office to be aflefied upon this a£t for their falaries, and other profits of be aflefled ip their places, in, to, or for the manor of Eaft Smithfield, in the the manor of pariih of Saint Botolph without jQdgate, within the Tower divi- EaA Smith-lion, in the county of Middlefex, and not elfewhere; fo as the fic full proportion which was aflefied on the faid manor and parifh be again a fife fled thereon by virtue of this act, and fo as any ocher divifion, diftrict, pariih, or place, to which the faid office are or may be removed, be not charged with a greater proportion in refpect of the faid falaries and profits, or any part thereof, than it was on the twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five: provided always. That out A certain of the fums to be affeffed on the faid commiflioners, clerks, and other officers, there (hall be paid to the collectors of the land [^t^be tax for the divifion, diftridt, pariih, or place, to which the faid paid to the office are or may be removed, one fourth part of the fum or collectors for fums which may be affeffed on all fuch commiflioners, clerks,

a	andw

Digitized by

Google

Commiflion-crs of the navy office, &c. to be af-fefled in the ward* of Broad Street and Tower.

14	Anno vicefimo feptimo GeoRGII III. C. 5. [1787.

office may be and other officers of the faid office, as have been created or ap-rc moved. pointed between the fifteenth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred and ninety-two, and the twenty-fifth day of December^ in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five; and alfo the whole of the land tax for all additional commiffioners, clerks and other additional officers of the faid office, which (hall or may have been created or appointed fince the faid twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, or which (hall or may be hereafter created or appointed ; to be applied in aid of the affeffment to be laid upon the faid divifion, diftriA, parifh* or place, by virtue of this aA.

LXXIV. And be it further enaAed, That the commiflion-ers, clerks, and other officers, from time to time appointed and employed to tranfaA and manage the affairs and bufinefs of the navy pay office, and navy office, refpeAively, (hall be afTeffed upon this aA for their falarics, and other profits of their places, in the wards of Broad Street and Tower refpeAivelv, and not elfewhere; fo as the full proportion which was affelfed on the faid wards of Broad Street and Tower refpeAively, be continued to be affeffed thereon by virtue of this aA, and fo as any other divifion, diftriA, parifh, or place, to which the faid offices, or either of them, are or may be removed, be not charged with a greater proportion in rcfpeA of the faid falaries and profits, or any part thereof, than it was on the twenty-fifth day of Decern-ber9 in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and Accrtainpor- eighty-five; provided always, That out of the fums to be afieffed ,i2nJ)f ^ch on the faid commiffioners, clerks, and other officers, employed te	he	t0 tran^a<^ an^ manage the affairs and bufinefs of the navy pay

coneAors for office, and navy office aforefaid, refpeAively, there (hall be paid the diftriA to to the colleAors of the land tax for the divifion, diftriA, parifh, which fuch or place, to which the faid offices, or either of them, are or orffiramaybe may be removed, one fourth part of the fum or fums which e TC # may be affeffed on all fuch commiffioners, clerks, and other officers of the faid offices refpeAively, as have been created or appointed between the fifteenth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred and ninety-two, and the * twenty-fifth day of December, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five; and alfo the whole of the land tax for all additional commiffioners, clerks, and other additional officers of the faid offices refpeAively, which (hall or may have been created or appointed fince the faid twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, or which (hall or may be hereafter created or appointedto be applied in aid of the affeffment to be laid upon the faid divifion, diftriA, parifh, or place, by virtue of this aA.

XC1X. And whereas doubts have arifen as to the qualification by law required of the mafter of his Majefiys boufehold9 the firjl clerk of the houfeholdy the clerk of the kitchen, and feveral officers who, in virtue <f their offices, have heretofore aftei, or may hereafter aft, as commiffioners for putting into execution fo much of fever al afts of par-.	.	liament,

i	^	Digitized by VjOOQ 1C	^

i7*7-l Anno vicefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 6,7.	15

lianeut, for granting an aid tt bis Majefty by a land , as relates Si tit	ajfejfment an tbt	palaces of Whitehall and Saint James, be

it enafted, That no other qualification, (hall be required of any Qualification fuch officers, who (hall aft as coromiffioners by virtue of their [^“mafter of offices or [daces, than the pofleflion of fuch refpeftive offices or honfe* places j an dthat no fuch officer (hall be fubjeft or liable to any hold, flee, penalty inflifted by any fuch afts,. for having heretofore afted without being poflefled of any other qualifications, which might hare been required by any fuch afts refpeftively, than fuch office or place.

Hermaiefty the Queen not chargeable; nor hit royal highneft the prince of Wales, nor the dukes of Gloucefter or Cumberland.

CAP. VI.

An aft for pun idling mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.—Number of forces 17,6)8, including 1,030 invalids.

CAP. VII.,

As aft to continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the fubjefts of hia Majefty’s dominions, and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the United States of America, and to render the prorifions thereof more effectual. -

sj Geo. j. c. yy. 14 Geo. 3. c. 43. Recited afts and this aft continued notil April g, sj8S, and ao longer.

II.	And whereas it is expedient that	or	lumber (being

tie growth or production of the territories belonging tt the United Stats of America) Jbould not be imported into the under the itmsurn of bis Alajtfty in the Weft Indies, from any foreign ijland in tbt Weft Indies, be it therefore further enafted by the authority aforeiaid, That, during the continuance of this aft, no j?0 floor, flour, bread, rice, wheat, or grain of any fort, and no ftaves, bread, or

, beading, (hiogles, or lumber of any fort, (hall be imported or lumber, to be brought into any ifland under the dominion of his Majefty in the Weft Indies, (in which defeription the Bahama	and	reien Weft *

th e Bermuda or Somers	Iflands, are included}, from any ifiand in India ifland^

the Weft Indies under the dominion of any foreign European fo- “7 Br** rereign or (late; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrarytlUl one• notwithftanding.

III.	Provided always, That it (hall be lawful, in cafes of In cafes of

publick emergency or'diftreis, for any of the governors or com- emergency,

minders in chief, for the time being, of any of the faid iflands “j* 5?n'r**

under the dominion of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, in He. of the

tbe Weft Indies, with the advice ana confent of their refpeftive Weft India

councils, to authorize the importation of flour, bread, rice, iflands, with

wheat, or grain, of any fort, ftaves, heading, (hingles, or lum- thflrf°?h ^“*1’

her of any (brt, for a limited time, from any ifland in the Weft the im-

Indies under the dominion of any foreign European fovereign or portation of

date; and the (aid articles fo authorized Audi, in every fuch flour,&c.from

wfCj other iflands.

Digitized by

Google

16	Anno	viccfimo	feptimo	Georgii	III.	c.	8,	9.	[*787,

cafe, be allowed to be fo imported during fuch limited time, and no longer.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, If goods of That if aqy goods or commodities whatever of the growth or thcg-owthof produ(5tion of the territories belonging to the faid United States State8o?A- America, (hall be imported into any of the faid iflands under mericabeim- the dominion of his Majefly in the Weft Indies, other than fuch ported into as by any law now in force, or which mall hereafter be in force, the Weft India or by virtue of this prefent adt, or by order of his Majefty in trary to tew, counc,l» now arc or H\all hereafter be permitted to be imported they are for* into the faid iflands; or if any fuch goods or commodities as feited, with aforefaid fhall be imported into the faid iflands, in any other the vcffels, manner whatever than fuch as is or (hall be allowed by any law now in force, or which (hall hereafter be in force, or by virtue of this prefent adt, or by order of his Majefty in council, the lame (hall be forfeited, together with the (hip or veflel in which fuch goods or commodities (hall be imported or brought, and all the guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, belonging thereto.

Forfeitures to V. And he it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That **CJeCOrC^^ cvery forfeiture incurred by this adt (hall and may be fued for, ^ofePre(bca- Pr°fecut^, and recovered, by fuch and the like ways, means, ing the cuf- and methods, and the produce thereof difpofed of, paid, and toms.	applied,	in	fuch	and	the	like	manner,	and to fuch and the like

ufes and purpofes, as any forfeiture incurred by any law re-fpedling the revenue of cuftoms may now be fued for, profe-cuted, and recovered, in the faid iflands refpediively where the offence (hall be committed; and that the produce thereof (hall be difpofed of, paid, and applied, in like manner in the faid iflands refpe&ively; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding. '

CAP. VIII;

An n«5t for defraying the chaise of the pay and cloathing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty*fifth day of March, one thoufand feverf hundred and eighty-feven; for indemnifying deputy lieutenants, and officers of the militia, who have neglected to tranfmit defeription* of their qualifi-catious to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for that purpofe-Till July x, 1787.

C A P. IX.

An aft for granting rates of pojiage for the conveyance of letters and packet sy between Great Britain and the port of Waterford, in the kingdom of Ireland, by way ^Milford Haven.

Preamble. \\? H E R E A S it hath been found mceffarjy for the convenience ▼ V and improvement of trade and commerce, and for the more fpeedy conveyance of Utters and packets between Great Britain and Ireland, to eftablijb packet beats between the port of Milford Haven in the county of Pembroke, and the port ^Waterford in the king-

- dom



Digitized by . x ' e

t)!7A Aim& vicefimo leptimo Georgii III. c. iOi	17

4**/Ireland ; be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and Confent of the lords Jpiruual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afietnbkd, and by the authority of the fame. That, from From April yt and after the fifth day of Aprils one thoufrrtd fcven hundred P^ftage and eigbty-feven, it lhall and may be lawful to and for his forth/con-Majefly’s poftmafter general, and his deputy and deputies, Ycyance of by him thereunto fumciently authorized, to and for the ufe letters and or his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, to demand, have, re- P?F*ct* £?* ceire, and take, for the port and conveyance of all and every yc'n t^Watcr^ the letters and packets that (hall be carried or conveyed, by ford* packet boats, to or from the port of Milford Haven aforefaid, or to or from any other convenient port in the kingdom of Great Britain, from or to the port of Waterford aforefaid, or from or to any other convenient port in the faid kingdom of Ireland, (over and above all other rates payable for the portage 2nd conveyance of fuch letters and packets), according to the rates and Turns hereafter mentioned, (the fame being rated cither by the letter, or by the ounce), that is to fay,

For every {ingle letter, (ixpence <	Rates of pofct

For every double letter, one (hilling ♦	*i€*

For every treble letter, one (hilling and fixperlcej And for every ounce, two (hillings:

And fo in proportion for every packet of deeds, writs, and other things.

II, Provided always, and be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid. That no letter or packet, fent by the pod front Poftage <rf or to London* to or from the port of Waterford aforefaid, by letters from way of Milford Haven, (hall be charged with an higher rate of postage thao letters and packets fent from or to London, to or by wav'ef ^ from Dublin, by the way of Holyhead, are now rated and liable Milford Ha-to pay.	ven, not to

exceed the rates of poftage between London and Dublin, by way of Holyhead.

IIL And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That the monies to arife by the rates and duties aforefaid, (ex- Monies arif* cept the monies which (hall be neceflary to defray fuch expenccs under this as (hall be incurred in the colleftion and management of the proprlated^is shnic), (hall be appropriated and applied to fetch and the fame theprefent ufes as the prefent rates and duties of pottage are now, or (hall rates of poft-bc rcfjpe&ively made applicable.	HP °°w arc»

C A P. X.

An aft to extend the provifions of an all made in the twenty fixth year of hit prefent Majejly's reign, intituled, An atl for the , more effe&ual encouragement of the Britijh fifheries.

WHEREAS by an aft, made in the twenty fixth year of the preamble, r«-reign of bit prefent Mojefty, intituled, An for the more citing *6 tfedual encouragement of the Britifi fifheries, it is enafted*

Vol. XXXVI.	C	That,

Digitized by

Google

kf 8	Anno vicefuno feptimo Gborgii III. c. i q. £ i 78 7.

2^#, /nw after the firft day qf June* one tboufani fevep hundred, and eighty-feven* far the {pace and term of [even yean tJyen next tnfuing* and from thence to the end of the then next fejfion of partial mint) a bounty of twenty fallings per ton Jball be fmd annually* m the manner therein after preferred, to the owner or owners of every decked veffel of not left than fifteen tons burthen* manned and navigated according to law 5 which fall be fitted out for and employed in the Britifb white herring fifary* in the manner and under the regulations therein-after dinefled and provided: and whereas* by. poet of a dattfe in the foid aff* it is alfo enabled* That every bufs or veffel* in order to be deemed properly fitted out for and d\fly employed in the faid fi/hery, fo as to entitle the owner or owners thereof to the fmd bounty of twenty failings per ton thereby granted$ according to the true intent and meaning of the faid aft* Jbould be a decked, bufs or veffel built in Great Britain, after the firft day of January v *** tbcufand feven hundred and eighty: and whereas it is juj) and expedient that the faid bounty Jbould be extended and paid to the owners of That part of all buffs and veffels whatever built in Great Britain, and employed the claufc of in the faid fijhery, futyeft to the direftions and provifions of the faid whichre^dta a^: maY li t^ere^orc pleafe your Majefty that it may be enad-the* bounty of C(* 5 an^ be it enaded by the King's moft excellent majefty* -by sios• per ton and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tem-to decked poral, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and the authority of the fame, That, frQm and after the paffing the paffing of	Prcfent	ad,	that	part	of	the	faid	claufe	above recited,

this ad, (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed, and the faid H. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid* That the bounty ex- bounty granted by the faid ad, parted in the twenty-fixth year °f bis prefent Majefty's reign, tp the owner or owners of bufles ever buHttn or veffe^s» built after the firft day of January, one thou&nd GreatBritain, feven hundred and eighty, (hall be extended and paid, and the and employed fame is hereby extended and direded to be paid to the owner mi the faid or owners of all bufles and veflels whatever, built in Great Bri-abJem*the*** ta*n' aru* CIbpk>yed *n *be faid firtiery, fubjed to the diredions faid ad. and provifions of the faid ad, which is hereby declared to be in full force, in all the provifions, diredions, and claufes thereof, except in fo far as the fame are hereby altered.

III.	And whereas by an alt* made and paffed in the twenty-fixth a6 Geo. 3. year of his prefent Majefly's reign* intituled* An ad for the more c. 81. recited, effedual encouragement of the Briti/h fifheries, it is* amcngjl other things* enacted, That from and after the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty feven* for the [pace and term of feven years then next enfuing* and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament* a bounty of twenty fallings per ton fall be paid annually* in. the manner therein prescribed* to the owner ff owners of every decked vejjel* of not lefs than fifteen tons burthen* manned and navigated according to law3 which fall be fitted out for and employed in fAr Britifh white herring fi/hery* in the manner and under the regulations therein-after directed and provided; and thqt every bufs or veffel* in order to be deemed properly fitted out for, and . duly employed in the faid fifary% fo as to intitle the owner on owners

' thereof

Digitized by Google

1787*1 Anna wicefimo feptimo Gsorqu III. C. iO.	*9

thereof to the fad% bounty* fall be a detkei bufs or vejfel built id

Great Britain, after the firft day of Jtmuarv, one tbwfand feven

homind and' eighty* and fall bow on board (barrelled up in none

barrels) twelve bufbsls of fait for every laft of fijh which fab bufs or

veffU is capable of containing* and as many more new barrels as fab

hufi or vejfel is capable of carrying* and alfo two hundred and fifty

fyttare yards of netting.for each ton of bufs meafurements together

with the cufhmary quantity of other materials for the equipment and

Mounting of the faii two hundred and fifty yards of netting in the

ffary hufinefs* but with liberty to make ufe of fab nets therein as

fall he heft adapted to the fad fijbery ; and fall have on board not

lefs than five men for the firft fifteen tons, and one additional man for

every five tons by which fah bufs or vejfel fall exceed fifteen tons %

and jo Jhred* accoutered; ftcrmfbei* and manned* fait clear out of

feme fort of Great Britain, at fome time between the fifft>dayof

June and the firft day of-O&ober in one and the fame par* and fall

proceed immediately on tho fifay, and fall there begin and continue

to fi/h in an orderly regular manner* without impeding or obftrutling

any other vejfel which faU be employed upon the fifhtry, for the [pace

of three months at the leaf* to be computed from the day upon which

the mafter and crew of fuch bufs or vejfel fail firft/boot or wet their

nets* unlifs fab bufs or vejfel fall within that J'paie of time return

into port with a full cargo of fijh* taken wholly by tho mafter and

crew of fuch bufs or vejfel: and whereas it is expedient, in order to

prevent difficulties and mifundrrftan dings in regard to what is meant

by a full cargo offijb* to declart what fall beseemed and taken to be

afull cargo of fijb* according to the intent and meaning of the-fad

beretn-before recited aft; and it is alfo expedient to male further

provifions far encouraging the fad fijbery* which ii a valuable nurfery No ^

of feamen* and is the means of employing a great number of indkflrlous deemed to*

men* who have no other way of living but by the fea ; be .it there- have a full

fore enadted by the authority aforefaid. That no bufs of veffel cargo, if un-,

{ball be deemed or taken to have a full cargo of fifh on board;

according to the intent and meaning of the faid herein-before four barrel#

recited adl, unlcfs the quantity of herrings contained in fuch of herrings

cargo (hall amount to, or exceed the proportion of four barrel* once packed*

of herrings once packed) or of three barrels of herrings twice ?£.tbrcc ,

packed, and completely cured, for every ton of the faid-bufe ot ^ forever/.

veffel by achneafuremenr.	ton burthen.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That, from and after the firft day of June* one thoufand feveri From June r; hundred and cighty-feven, the owner or owners of every decked 1787* decked bufs or veffel of not lefs than fifteen tons burthen, built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law, the crews ofJ**8- be which (hall, between the firft day of January any one year, intitled to the and the thirty-firft day of December in the fame year* have taken bounties in the deep fea fifhery fuch a quantity of herrings, as (hall granted by amount, when completely cured, either as white herrings or as aft^fthey red, to the proportion of fix barrels of herrings for every ton of take in one her burthen by admeafuremenr, (hall, during the continuance year the proof the /aid a#* be intitled, at the end of every fuch year, to a

id

cured, for every ton bur* then,though they may not have been fitted out with the quantity of wit required by the faid

An account of the quantity of herrings deliver* ed from vef-

port of deli very, 6cc.j

Anno viccfimo feptimo Georgii IIL c. io; [1

bounty of twenty (hillings per ton on her faid burthen, and (hall alfo be infilled to the further bounty granted by the faid stft of one (hilling per barrel on the quantity of filh fo taken and properly cured, either' as red herrings or as white, notwith-(landing fuch vefiel may not have been fitted out with the quantity of nets, fait, and barrels required by the faid recited a&; which bounties of twenty (hillings and one (hilling (hall be paid by fuch and the fame perfon or perfons," and in fuch and tbs fame manner, as the bounties of twenty (hillings and one (hilling, granted by the faid recited ad, are by that adt directed to be paid.

V. And be it further enabled, That an account of the quantity of herrings delivered from on board any vefiel which (hall have been fitted out on the herring fifliery, without being fur-ni(lied with the quantity of nets, (alt, and barrels, required by fels not fitted law, and on which the bounty (hall be claimed, (hall be taken out agreeable at the. refpedtive times of fuch delivery by the proper officer of tVbeltCd Porr> w^ich account (hall be verified by the oath of the taken at the matter and mate of the vefiel taken before the colle<5tor or comptroller, or other chief officer of the port, (which oath the faid collector or comptroller, or other chief officer, is hereby authorized and required to adminifter); and the faid mailer and mate ihall alfo fwear, that all the herrings fo delivered were caught by the crew of the faid vefiel only $ and for every laft of herrings fp delivered as aforefaid, the owner of th$ vefiel claiming the faid bounty dial), within the faid year, or within fourteen days after its expiration, produce to the propfr officer of the port ten barrels of herrings properly cured, either as white herrings or as red : provided always, That of the vefiels fitted out from any one port in Great Britain in any one year, not more oui m one l^an tt^all ke	t0	the	faid	bounty	of	twenty	(hillings

year from*the Per ton» which *s herein-before declared to be payable to fuch vefiels built and navigated as aforefaid, and of not lefs than the aforefaid burthen, as (hall have been taken, within the time aforefaid, the quantity of herrings aforefaid, without being fur-nifhed with the quantity of nets, fait, and barrels, required by the faid recited a<5t of the twenty-fixth year of his prefent Ma-jefly; and that if more than fifty vefiels of not lefs than the aforefaid burthen, and built and navigated as aforefaid, fhall have been fitted out from any port in Great Britain in any one year, without being furnifhed with the quantity of nets, fait, and barrels, required by the aforefaid a<51, and Ihall have taken, within the aforefaid time, the quantity of herrings aforefaid, the faid bounty (hall be paid to thofe fifty vefiels, the crews of which (hall have taken, within the aforefajd time, the greateft quan*‘ lity of herrings.

and no more

than 50 fuch ▼effete, fitted out in one

lame port, ihall be inti-t ed to the bounty of 008. per ton, which Ihall be paid to the 50 vefTels that Ihall have taken the greateft quantity, if more than that number fbouid be ftted out.

i

CAP.

Digitized by

Google

CAP. XI.

.An aft to explain and amend fo much of on aft$ made in the Jixtb year ef the reign of King George the Firji, intituled\ An a A for making perpetual fo much of an ad, made in the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, for the reviving and continuing feveral ads therein mentioned, as relates to the,building and repairing county gaols ; and alfo an ad of the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King William the Third, for the more effectual fuppreluon of piracy; and for making more effectual the a St of the thirteenth year of the reign ot King Charles the Second, intituled, “ An ad for eftablifhing arti-44 des and orders for the regulating and better government 44 of his Majefty’s (hips of war and forces by Tea,*’ as fives difiretionary power to magifrates to commit vagrants, and other eriminaby offendersy and perfons charged with /mail offenctSy either to the common gaol or boufe of correction*

WrH ERE AS doubts have arifeny whether fuch of the provi- Preamble.

Rons contained in an aft, made in the fixth year of the reign a] bis late mpjejly King George the Firjly (intituledy An ad for 6Geo.i.e.l$.4 making petoetual fo much or an ad, made in the tenth year of the reign ot Queen Anney for the reviving and continuing feveral ads therein mentioned, as relates to the building and repairing counry gaols; and alfo an ad of the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King William the Third, for the more effedual fupprellion of piracy; and for making more effedual the ad of the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for ejlablijhing articles and orders for the regulating and better government ef his Majeflfs Jhips of war and forces by fea)% as give a diferetionary power to juftices of the peace, in their refpedive jurifdidions, to commit vagrants, and other criminals, offenders, and perfons charged with fmall offences, either to the common gaol or houfe of corredion, extend to offences committed againjl the provifions contained in afts of parliament made fince the paffing of the faid recited at7, where fuch offenders are ordered to be committed to the common gaol: and whereas it may be proper to extend the provifions of the Jaid aft; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded 5 and be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall be lawful for any juftice or juftices of Juftices map the peace, within his or their refpedive jurifdidions, to com-mit either to the common gaol, or to any houfe of corredion, f^the houfe within his or their refpedive jurifdidions as to fuch juftice or of corredion. juftices fhall feem moft proper, fuch vagrants, and other crimi-	,

nals, offenders, and perfons charged with or convided of fmall offences, as by any law now in force, or hereafter to be made, be or they is or are, or (hall be authorized to commit to the l«monpo,,	cj	CAP,

Digitized by Google ' -

Anncrviccfimo feptitfco G*oRontil; c* 12*	[1787*

cap. xn.

%n ofl to tnable his Mojefiy to grant a certain annuity to the right honourable fir John Skynner knight, late lord chief baron of dais Mojefiy's court rf exchequer, in confideration of bis diligent and meritorious fervices, -and of his faithful and upright conduit in the execution of that (ffitfi.

.Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble; tHTTHEREAS your Majefty, by your rnojl gracious tnefjbge to *	v V your faithful commons, hath been pleafed toJignify your defire

of conferring a mark of your royal favour on fir John Skynner knight, late lord chief baron of your Majefty* s court of exchequer, in confideration of his diligent and meritorious fervices, and of his faithful and upright conduit in the execution of that office; and that for that purpofe an annuity of two thoufand pounds per annum, clear 6f*all deductions wbatfoever, Jhouli be granted to the fold fir Jdhn -Skynner knight, during the tertn of his life, to be paid out of your My eftf$ civil lift revenues : and whereas, by an all made in the twenty fecond 4*<Oo. 5.	year of your Majefty's reign, (intituled, An a61 for enabling his

c. 8a. f. 17. Majefty to difehargethe debt contra61ed upon his civil lift revenues; and for preventing the fame from being in arrear for the future, by regulating the mode of payments out of the faid revenues, and by fupprefling or regulating certain offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the revenues of the civil lift), it is, among other things, enabled. That, from and after the fifth day of April, one thoufand fiven hundred and eighty-three, no ptnfion exceeding the J'um of three hundred pounds a year jhall be granted to or for the ufe of any one perfon, except as in ibe faid all is mentioned: now, we your Majefty's mofi dutiful and loyal fubjelh, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament qffembled, duly confidtring your Majefiy's mofi gracious intention, do mofi humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enabled ; and be it ena6fod by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the His Majefty authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to and impoweredto for his Majefty to give and grant to the faid fir John Skynner John* Skynner knight, (now l^c honourable fir John Skynncr knight, one a life annuity °f his Majefiy’s moft honourable privy council) an annuity or of a,oool. per yearly fum not exceeding two thoufand pounds, clear of all aw*	dedu6tiops whatsoever, for and during the life of the faid fir

John Skynner, to be paid and payable out of any of the hereditary or temporary revenues ufually applied for the expences of the civil government, and to commence from fuch time as to his Majefty (hall feem proper; any thing in the faid recited a& contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding. Annuity to be II And be it further enadled. That the faid annuity or yearly tax-free. futn 0f thoufand pounds, fo to be granted to the faid Gr John Skynner, (hall not be charged with the payment of, or be

fubjeft

*

Digitized by v^ooQle

2$

iftj] Anno vicefimo feptimo GEokGiI III. C. 13.'

ttjeft to any tax, rate, or aflcfliheht impofcd, or to be impofed, on pen&xis paid out of hit Majefty’s civil lift revenues by authority of parliament, or otherWife hbwfbever, nor to hny fees dually paid on the -payment Of fueh pfcrrfions, nor to any other charges whatfbever ; any 1*%, cbftom, dr ufage, to the contrary thereof m any wife nmwithftandirtg.

III.	Provided neverthfclefs, *nd he it further enaded, That Nottoreftrafn bo gnat which ihall be made by his Majefty, under the iutho- *}• Majeftjr riryof this ad, (hall extend, or bt conftrued to extend, to re-ftriin his Majefty from making any Other grant of a penfion ^	9

which he may now lawfully do under the provifions of the faid mated ad.

Jin ait for repealing the feveral duties of cufioms and excife, and granting other duties in lieu thereof and for applying the faid duties, together with the other duties composing the publick revenue i for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of the European dominion! of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the pay-merit of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt.

WHEREAS the prefent inode of charging and computing the Preamble# /Several duties of cufioms and exetfe, and other duties under tie management of the commiffhners of excife in England and Scotland rtfpeCtively, is in many infiances intricate and complicated, and productive of much mbarraffment to the perfons who are to pay the y fame, as well as of great perplexity in the accounts of the publick revenue : and whereas it is neceffary, for fimplifying the collection of the duties to be granted by this ad, that new provifions Jhould be made for the payment of the feveral charges to which different branches of the faid duties are appropriated; and it will tend at all times to firengtbeu the publick credit, that one general fund Jhould be efia-b&jbed, comprehending all the different branches of the revenue, and liable to all charges which are now payable out of the fame; be it therefore enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the tenth From May id, day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and cighty-feven, all 1787, the pre-and lingular the fubfidies, cuftoms, impofitions, or duties what- cuftoms^and ever (refpeding the revenue of cuftoms) payable to his Majefty, prefent draw* his heirs and fucceflbrs, by virtue of any ad or ads of parlia- backs, to mem now in force, upon the importation of any goods, wares, ceafe, or merchandize, into Great Britain; or upon the exportation of any goods, wares, or merchandize, from Great Britain; or upon any goods, wares, or merchandize, being brought or car* tied coaftwife, or from port to port within the faid kingdom* and the feveral and tefpedivc drawbacks allowed upon the exportation of any goods, wares, or merchandize, from Great

C A P. XIII



Britain %

*4 _	Anno	viccfimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 13. [1787J

Britain; or on any other account whatever, refpedting the duties of cuftoms; and alfo the additional imports or duties charg-ed upon the produ& and amount of the faid feveral duties of cuftoms, (hall ceafe and determine, fave and except in all cafes relating to the recovering, allowing or paying aqy arrears thereof refpe&ively, which may, on the tenth day of May, one thou-fand feven hundred and eighty-feven, remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, relating thereto refpe&ively, which (hall have been incurred at any time before the tenth day of May, one thoufand feven huit-The duties of dred and eighty-feven: provided always. That nothing in this package, &c. a& contained mail extend, or be conftrued to extend, to repeal cityof6Lon -C or anyw^e a^ter t,ie duties of package, fcavage, balliage, or don, or any portage, or any other duties, payable to the mayor and corn-other corpo- monalty and citizens of the city of London, or to the lord mayor ration, not to 0f the faid city for the time being, or to any other city or town this aft. ^ corPorat$ within the kingdom of Great Britain \ or to repeal or anywife alter the prifage of wines, the duty called butlerage, or the duty of twelvepence upon every chaldron of fea coal exported from Newcajile upon Tyne, to any other port or ports of this / realm, or to any fpecial privilege or exemption, to which any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, is or arc now entitled by law, but the fame (hall be continued as heretofore.

II. And whereas it is neeejfary that other duties of cujioms Jbouli be' granted to your Majefty as aforefaid> we, your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament aftembled, have therefore given and granted to your Majefty the feveral duties herein-after mentioned; and do humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be From May to, it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the M!7*	d)y °f one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-

irTthe fche-e ^even» lieu anc* inftead thereof, there (hall be faifed, levied, dules hereto collected, and paid unto his Majefty, his heirs and fucccfiors, annexed to in ready money (except as herein-after is provided), without th 1 draw.an<^ ^^count whatever, upon the importation of any goods, back/therein vvares> or merchandize into the kingdom of Great Britain, from to be allowed, parts beyond the feas; or upon the exportation of goods, wares, in lieu of or merchandize from the kingdom of Great Britain; or upon thofe which goods, wares, or merchandize brought or carried coaftwife, or from port to port within the kingdom of Great Britain, the feveral duties of cuftoms, as the fame are refpedtively inferted, de-feribed, and fet forth in figures in the fchedule and tables hereunto annexed marked (A* B. C. D. E*)\ and that therp fhall be paid and allowed the feveral drawbacks of the faid duties of cuftoms, as the fame are alfo refpeftjvely. inferted, deferibed, and fet forth in figures in the faid fchedule and tables marked (A. B. C. D. E.) \ any law, cuftora, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

III. provided always, That nothing contained in this a<ft, or in any of the fchedules and tables hereunto annexed marked (A. B. C. D. EJy (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend,

give.

are then to

drawbacks not to be allowed except the goods be

Digitized by

Googk

17*7*1 Anno viceGmo fcptimo GeoRGii III. c. i3.’	t$

bw, grant, or allow, to the exporter from Great Britain to properly cn-forrign parts, of any foreign goods, wares, or merchandize tered for ex-whatever, any drawback of the duties of cuftoms, paid upon the importation thereof into Great Britain, or to authorize the repayment or allowance of the fame, unlefs iuch goods, wares, years from or merchandize, (hall be duly and in the manner heretofore their imoor* pra&fcd, entered for exportation, with the proper officer of the tatioo, 4c# caftans, and actually (hipped on board the (hip or veiTel in which the goods, wares, or merchandize, are intended to be exported, within the fpace of three years from the time fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, were originally imported into Great Britain* (the time of fuch importation to be accounted from the matter's report inwards of his (hip), and unlefs fuffi-rient proof be alfo firft made by certificate from the proper officers of the due entry and payment of the duties inwards upon fuch foreign goods, wares, or merchandize, and by the oath or affirmation of the merchants importing and exporting the fame, verifying and affirming the truth thereof, and the name of his Majefly’s fearcher or under fearcher in the port of London, or of nor nnlefii the Searcher of any other the out ports, teftifying the (hipping t^cT thereof to be exported, and unlefs fuch drawback be duly claim- Govern cd within two years after fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, after 1To (hip* (hall be (hipped for exportation.	ped.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That fucb of the duties of cuftoms by this a<5t impofed, as (hall Duties to be arife in tbar part of Great Britain called England, (hall be under ^Yzement the management of the commiflioners of the cuftoms in England 0f the com -for the time being; and fuch thereof as (hall arife in that part miffioneiy of of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall be under the management cuftoms in of the commiflioners of the cuftoms in Scotland for the time Scotland rc-

bong.	fpe lively.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That the (aid feveral fums of money fo refpeflively inferted, de- New duties fcribed, and fet forth, in the faid fchedule and tables hereunto and draw-annexed marked (A. B. C. D. E.) as the duties of cuftoms, 1al-and the drawbacks of the duties of cuftoms, upon, for, or in lowed in like" refped of the feveral goods, wares, or merchandize, inferted manner as the therein, (hall and may be refpeflively managed, afeertained, old duties, railed, levied, cofle<fted, anfwered, paid, recovered, and allowed &c#

(except where any alteration is exprefsly made by this adl) in fbch and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the means, ways, or methods, by which the former duties of cuf-Coms, and drawbacks of duties of cuftoms, upon goods, wares, or merchandize in general, and alfo by any or either of the fpe-cial means, ways, or methods, refpeeftively, by which the former duties of cuftoms, and drawbacks of duties of cuftoms, upon goods, wares, or merchandize, of the fame forts or kinds re-fyedtively, were or might be managed, afeertained, raifed, levied, collected, anfwered, paid, recovered* and allowed; and the goods, wares, or merchandize fo by this a6t refpe&ively made liable 19 the payment of, or chargeable with, duties of cuftoms,

or

Digitized by

Google

*

and the penalties for offences againft any ads in force on May to, 1787, for fecuring the revenue, extended to this ad, unlefs hereby altered.

The ads in force on May ip, 1787, relative to the cuftoms, to remain in force, unlefs hereby altered.

What (hips are meant by Britifti-built in the fche-dulc.

Anno vicdkne feptimo GeoRGIi III. c. 13,	[17# jr;

or fo entitled to drawback duties of cuftoms, as refpedivdy in^ ferted, deferibed, and fet forth, in the faid fchedule and tables hereunto annexed marked (A. B. C. D. E.) upon the importation thereof into, or exportation thereof from, Gnat Britain* or on any other account whatever, (hall be, and the fame are hereby made fubjed and, liable to all and every the conditions* regulations, rules, reftridions, and forfeitures, to which goods, wares, or merchandize in general, and alfo all and every the fpecial cpnditions, rules, regulations, reftridions, and forfeitures refpedively, to which the like goods, wares, or merchandise refpedively were fubjed and liable by any act or ads of parliament in fpree, on and immediately before the tenth day of one thousand feven hundred pnd eighty-feven, refpedmgth* revenue of cuftoms, except where any alteration is exprefsly made by this act; and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture, of any nature or kind whatever, as well pains of death as others, for any offence whatever, committed againft or in breach of any ad or ads of parliament in force on and immediately before the tenth day of Mayy one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, made for fecuring the revenue of cuftoms, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the feveral claufes, powers, and diredions therein contained (unlefs where exprefsly altered by this ad) fhall, and are hereby dirtd-ed and declared to extend to, and (hall be refpedively applied, pradifed, and put in execution, for and in refped of the fevers! duties of cuftoms, and drawbacks of duties of cuftoms* hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purpofes whatever, as if all and every the faid ads, claufes, provifions, powers, diredions, fines, pains, penalties, or forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enaded in the body of this ad.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforeiaid. That every ad of parliament in force on and immediately before the tenth day of Mayy one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, by which any conditions, rules, regulations, or retlric* tions, were made, eftablifhed, or direded, for the better fecuring the revenue of cuftoms, o^for the regular importation into, or exportation from, Great Britainy or the bringing or carrying coaftwifc, or from port to port within the fame kingdom, or the entering, landing, or (hipping of any goods, wares, or merchandize whatever, except where any alteration is exprefsly made by this ad, (hall, and are hereby declared to be and remain in full force and effed, and (hall be applied to the fubjed of this ad, and for carrying the fame into execution, as fully and effectually as if they bad been repeated and re-enaded in this prefent ad.

VII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforeiaid, That wherever the words Eritijb-built Ship, or Britijb-built Ships, are inferted in the faid fchedule or tables marked (A. C. EJ) hereunto annexed, the fame (hall be underftood, deemed, anti taken to mean a BritiJb btfXl (hip! or Britifo*built (hips, or a

Digitized by

Google



i^7-] Anno viceHme fepdmo Georgii IIL Q. igj	17

prize fhlp taken at lea, by letters of marque or reprifal, legally condemned in a court of admiralty, owned, navigated, and re* giftcred according to law, and none other.

VU1. And be jt further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That nothing contained in this alt, or in the faid fchedule and Goods per* tables hereunto annexed, (hall extend, or be conftrued to ex- Initttcddt? ** tend, to fubjell to duty any goods, wares, or merchandize, wbkbj by virtue or in purfuance of any alt or alts of parliament jD force on m force on and immediately before the tenth day of May* one May 10,17*7, thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, may, under particular t0 drtumftances and conditions, be permitted to be imported and entered without payment of any fubfidy, cuftom, or other duty, cularly ebarg* unlefe the fame are particularly charged with duties in the fche- ed therewith dale or tables hereunto annexed* marked (A. B. C. D. E ); and fcbc-no notes are fobjoined to any article therein, referring to any dulc* former altor alta which provide an exemption from the duties of cuftoms, under certain conditions, rules, regulations, and reftri&ioat, on the due performance of which, the exemption from any of the faid duties hereby repealed, on fuch articles, would have depended if this aft had not been made.

IX.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid.

That nothing in this alt contained (hall extend, or be conftrued No drawback to extend, to allow a drawback upon the exportation of goods, to 1* granted wares, or merchandize, to any port or place to which a draw* ^adtsTn back was not allowed by any zA or alts of parliament in force force on May on and immediately before the tenth day of May* one thousand xo, 1787. feven hundred and eighty-feven.

X.	And whereas in the faid fchedule and tables hereunto annexed, terrain goods, wares, or merchandize are enumerated, and attain duties and drawbacks affixed thereto5 which goods, wares, or merchandize, although not abfolutely prohibited, yet under particular cir-emmftanas, by the laws in force on and immediately before the tenth day e/Mzj, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty feven, are not permitted to be imported into, or exported from, this kingdom $ be it therefore further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That no- No goods to thing contained in the faid fchedule and tables hereunto annex - be imported ed, (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to permit or allow or exported any goods, wares, or merchandize whatever to be imported a^inTorce into, or exported from. Great Britain, in any way or manner 0n May xo, contrary to any zA or alts of parliament in force on and imme- 1787*. unlefs diately before the tenth day of May, one thoufand feven hun- P*™j**c<* dred and eighty-feven, except in any cafe where provifion is exprefsly made for that purpofe in the body of this alt.

XI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That nothing in this alt contained (hall extend, or be conftrued Bonds for to extend, to prevent the importers or proprietors of goods, duties may be wares, or merchandize, from fecuring by bond the whole duties doe and payable thereon by this alt, {except the duties on coals, for°coals. P which (hall be paid in ready money* without any difeount, or liberty to bond the fame,) provided the whole duties due and payable upon fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, on and immediately

Digitized by Google

All good* imported to be entered at tbe cuftom houfe, and landed, &c. except diamond*, it c.

If more than three dozen* of bottle* or ao gallons in calk pf wine imported into any out port, be carried therefrom to within ao jniles-of London, without a certificate that the difference of the duties at London and the out port i* paid, the wine, Ac. to l>e fcized, See.

Anno vicefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 13.	[1787.

mediately before the tenth day of Mdyy one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, might have been fo fecured by any a St or z&s o( parliament in Force on and immediately before the tenth day of Mayt one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-? (even.

XII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforeTaid, That all goods, wares, or merchandize imported or brought into Great Britain with an intent to be landed, except diamonds, jewels, pearls, precious (tones, and bullion, and frefh fi(h, Britijb taken, and imported in Briti/h-built (hips or veflels, owned, navigated, and regiftered according to law; and alfo except turbots and lobfters, however taken or imported ; whether fuch goods, wares, or merchandize are or (hall be liable to duty or not, (hall be regularly entered at the cuftom houfe, and landed in the prefence of the proper officer or officers, who (hall examine the fame, and (hall not deliver them out of his or their cuftody and pofleffion, until he or they (hall have taken a particular account of the quantity and (pecies of fuch goods.

XIII.	And be it further ena<9ed by the authority atorefaid, That from and after the tenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, no wine of any fort, exceeding the quantity often gallons, which at any rime (hall have been imported from foreign parts into any out port of this kingdom, (hall be brought, removed, or carried from (uch out pert, or from any port or place whatfoever, either by land or by water, into the port of London, or the members thereof, or to any place whatfoever within the diftance of twenty miles from the Royal Exchange of London, before the owner or proprietor of fuch wine (hall have paid unto the colledlor, or other proper officer of the cuftoms neareft to the place from whence fuch wine is intended to be removed, the difference of the refpeeftive duties payable at the out ports and in the port of London, in addition to the duties which (hall have previoufly been paid on the importation of fuch wine at any out port, which duties are refpedively afcer-tained, deferibed, and fet forth in the fchedule hereunto annexed marked [A.) 5 and if any quantity of wine in bottles exceeding three dozens, or in a calk or calks exceeding ten gallons, (hall at one and the fame time, and in one and the fame carriage, be brought, removed, or carried, either by land or by water, into the port of London, or the members thereof, or to any plaec whatever within twenty miles of the faid Royal Exchange, without a certificate from fuch colleftor or other proper officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms, exprefling the quality and quantity of fuch wine, and certifying that the difference between the duties payable at the out ports and thofe which are due in the port of London, on the importation of fuch wine, have been duly paid and fatisfied, or that the fame was wine fold for falvage, or that the fame has been compounded for, or condemned, fuch wine (hall be forfeited, together with the calks and veffels containing the fame, and (hall and may be fcized by any officer or officers of the cuftoqas or cxcife9 and profecuted in fuch manner as any

:	'	'	Google **

Digitized by *

17*7*3 Anno vtccfimo fcptimo GsoRon III. c* 13.	09

wipes, for which the duties of cuftoms or excife have not been

paid, may be feized and profecuted.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further ensued by the authority aforefaid, That if, after the removal of any fuch wine. If wine fb and after payment of the duties payable thereon, in any of the

out ports, and alio of the difference of the refpe&ive duties pay- port Lon. able at the out ports and the port of London, on the importation don,for which of fuch wines, and before the fame (hall be brought into the the duties yon of London, or the members thereof, or to any place what-ever within the diftance of twenty miles from the Royal Exchange jh0ulcH>e* of London, fuch wine (hall happen to be (laved, or to be loft, dated, the or perifh, the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms, or any owner (hall four of them (proof having been made upon oath, to their fa- J* ^pdd ^5 tisfa&ioo, that fuch wine has been fo fthved, or has been loft, theories at or has pcrilhed, as aforefaid), (hall caufe repayment to be made the out port to the owner or proprietor of fuch wine, of fo much money as and at Lon* the difference of the duties psyable for fuch wines in any out d0D* port and in the port of London (hall amount to; fuch repayment to be made out of any of the duties of cuftoms payable by virtue or in purfuance of this a<5t.

XV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That all goods, wares, or merchandize of the growth, product. Goods im-or tnanufadurc of India, China, or of any place or country with-in the limits of the charter or charters granted to the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, froth places and imported by the faid company, on which goods, wares, or within the merchandize fpccifick duties of cuftoms, and drawbacks of the of tJjc*r faid duties, are not particularly affixed as fuch in the fchedule marked (A.) hereunto annexed, (hall be fubjedl and liable to which are not fuch duties of cuftoms on importation into, and entitled to fuch jpecified in drawbacks on exportation from, Great Britain, as are refpedt-ively affixed thereto, and fet forth in the table hereunto annexed the dudes^et* marked (B.); and that the value and price of the goods, wares, forth in table or merchandize, according to which the duties of cuftoms re- (8.), &c. IpcSively affixed, and the drawbacks refpedtivcly fet forth in the laid table hereunto annexed marked (B.) are to be fecured, levied, collected, anfwered, paid, and allowed, (hall be afeer-rained by the grofs. price at which fuch goods, wares, or merchandize (hall have been refpedtively fold at the publick Tales of the laid united company of merchants trading to xht EaJiIndies, without any deduction or allowance of any kind whatever; any former a£t or a<5ts of parliament to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

XVI.	And whereas, in framing the fchedule of the duties and Recital of the irawheis hereunto annexed marked (A.) it was deemed expedient to books of rates mit certain fpecies of goods which had been infer ted in the two books

if rotes, one of which was made by and in purfuance' of an all of & the nth pr foment made and pajfed in the twelfth year of the reign of King Geo. 1. c. xi« Charles the Second, and the other by and in purfuance of another act if parliament made and pajfed in the eleventh year of the reign of Lug George the Firft, feme of tbofe articles having been deferibed

in

Digitized by

Google

3*	Anno	vlcefitno	feptimo	Georcii III. c. 13. £17871.1

tH terms eibf&ett,	and not at this time f

therein mentioned being not now in	and to omit 'other	rah

the faid fchedule, by reafon that the great druerfity of value of the;

feveralfpeeiet thereof would	1

. be	impofed thereon, payable ateording to the	gauge, or j

meafure of futbarticles: in order therefore to afeertain what \ /ball be paid on the importationand what drawbacks /ball be id . an the exportation, of all manner of goods, wares, or mercbandixo not otberwife particularly charged with duties in the faid on tables, ana not exempted	ortherefrom by parlia-

ment in force on and immediately, before the tenth day of why, tboufand /even hundred and eighty-fovea, and not being imported by the united company of merchants ^/England trading Eaft Indies; be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That* from and after the tenth day of May, one tboufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, all manner of goods, wares,' or merchandize, on whico certain fpeeifick duties, according to- the weight, talc, gauge, or meafure thereof, are not impofed, affixed, and after* duties and en- tained, in the fchedule marked (A.) and not being exempt from ba°ka * by anY a& °f parliament in force on and immediately be-fo forth in f°rc the tenth day of Mayone tboufand feven hundred and (D.) eighty-feven, and not being imported by the united company of unlefs exemp- merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, (hall be fubjeft ted by law, and liable tafuch duties on the importation-thereof into Greet Britain,and entitled to fuch drawbacks-on the exportation thereof fcom Great Britain, as-are impofed, afeertained, and let forth in the table hereunto annexed marked (D.) except as is hereinafter provided.

XVII.	And be it further ensiled by the authority aforefaid, That the value of non-enumerated goods, wares, ormerchtn-dize, according' to which the duties hereby impofed and after-afcertainedby tained, and fet forth in the tables hereunto annexed marked the importer (C. andD.) are to be levied; collected, and paid, (hall beafcer-or proprietor, tained by the-declaration of the- importer or proprietor of-foch “*n“er goods, or his known agent or fidor, in manner and form fbl-tioned; * lowing; (that is to fay),

All goods, whole duties arc not filed by fchedule A.) to be liable to the

1

or imported by the India company.

The value of non-eno-aerated goods to be

1A. B. do hereby declare, That the goods mentioned in this entry, and contained in the packages [here fpecifying the feverai packages, and deferibing the feveral marks and* numbers, as the cafe may be] are of the growth, production y or manufacture [as the cafe may be] of	and	that	I	am	the	importer

or proprietor thereof or that I am duly authorized by bin [as the cafe may be] and I do enter the fame at the value of fVttnefs my handy the	day	of

Aa Bo

The above declaration, ftgnei the day of	in	the

JPrcfence of

C. D. colicCior.

£• F. comptroller, or other principal officers

Which

Digitized by Google

17*7-3 Anno vicefimo fcptlmo G$orgii III. c. 13.	^

Which declirarioo (hall be written on the warrant of the entry of fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, and (hall be fubfcribed with the band of the importer or proprietor thereof, or his known agent or fadtor, in the prefence of two of the principal officers of the cuftoms at the port of importation, of which the collator (hall be one^ who (hall certify the fame under their hands; and (uch declaration, fo made and figned as herein*be- whichdecfa* fere direded, (hall be to all intents and purpofes whatever of rwti°«a the lane force and effed; and the importer or proprietor of fuch btad^he i®* goods, wares, or merchandize, (halh be in every re(pe& bound porter or by fecb declaration, as fully and effectually, as if the value of proprietor todi goods, wares, or merchandize, had been as heretofore ascertained by the oath or affirmation of fuch importer or pro-pwctor; and if* upon view and examination of fuch goods, oath; and if wares, or merchandize, by the proper officer or officers of the fuch goods be cuftocns, it (hall appear to him or them that fuch goods, wares, undervalued, or merchandize, are not valued according to the true price or 2ken fortf? value thereof, and according to the true intent and meaning of ufe 0f the this aft, then if (hall and may be lawful for the proper officer crown, 00 or officers of the cuftoms to detain fuch goods, wares, or mer- P*T,n& f°r chandhe, and to caufe the fame to be conveyed into his Ma- JJj*® herein jelly’s warehoofe, or otherwife properly fecured, at the port of mentioned, importation, and to take fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, for the ufe and benefit of the crown, within eight days from the laadmg thereof, in cafe the goods (hall have been imported into the ports of London or Leith, and within fifteen days iron) the landing thereof in cafe the goods (hall have been imported* into aay other ports in this kingdom than the ports of London or Lath; and the commiffioners of the cuftoms in England for the time being, or any four or more of them, are hereby impow-ered to direft* the receiver general and cafhier of his Majefty’s cuftoms, in cafe fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, (hall have been imported into the port of London, to pay, out of any money in his bands arifing from the revenue of cuftoms, to the importer or proprietor of fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, the value thereof (o afeertained as aforefaid, together with an addition of ten pounds per centufn thereon, and alfo the duties paid on the importation of fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, but without any further allowance, either on account of freight, or any other charge or expence whatever, which payment* mall be made within fifteen days after the faid goods, wares, or merchandize, (hall have been fo taken, in cafe the value of the fame (hall exceed twenty pounds, and without delay, if the value of the goods, wares, or merchandize, (hall not exceed twenty pounds; and in cafe fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, (hall have been fo taken and detained in any port of this kingdom, other than the port of London, the colle&or of the cuftoms in (och port, with the privity of his comptroller, (hall, and he is hereby authorized and required fo make fuch and the like payment, out of any money in his hands arifing from cuftoms, to

the

Digitized by

Google

a*

Goods fo taken for the ufe of the crown may be fold, and if they pro* duce more than all coft and charges! a moiety of the overplus may be given the officers who examined them, &c«

The value of goods, charg-able with duties according thereto on exportation9 to be afeer-tained in the manner herein mentioned;

Anno vicefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 13. {1787-

the importer or proprietor of fuch goods, wares* or merchandize, fo taken and detained as aforefaid.

XVIII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That fuch payment fo made to the importer or proprietor of fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, (hall be in full fatisfa&ion for the fame, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid goods, wares, or merchandize had been regularly fold; and it (hall and may be lawful for the commillioners of his Majefty’s cuf-toma in England, or anv four or more of them, and the com-miflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in Scotland, or any three or more of them, refpedtively, to caufe the faid goods, wares, or merchandize to be fairly and publicity fold to the bed advantage ; and in cafe there (hall be any overplus remaining from the produce of fuch Tale, after deducting the value fo afeertained as aforefaid, together with the addition of ten pounds per centum thereon, and of the duties paid on the importation, and alfo the charges arifing from the warehoufing and (ale of fuch goods, the faid commiffioncrs of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England and Scotland refpedively, (hall and may order one moiety of fuch overplus to be paid to the feveral and refpedive officers of the cuftoms concerned in the view and examination of fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, as an encouragement for the faithful difeharge of their duty; and the other moiety of fuch overplus, together with the amount of the value of the goods, fo afeertained as aforefaid, with the addition of ten pounds per centum, and alfo of the duties paid or payable on the importation thereof, (hall be paid to the colledlor of his Majefty’s cuftoms in that port within which the faid goods, wares, or merchandize (hall have been fold; but in cafe it (hall fo happen that the produce of fuch fale, after deducing the charges arifing from the warehoufing, fecuring, or fale of fuch goods, (hall not exceed the value of fuch goods fo afeertained as aforefaid, with the addition of ten pounds per centum thereon, and of the duties paid on the importation thereof, that then, and in fuch cafe, the whole produce of the fale of fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, after deducing the charge arifing from the warehoufing, fecuring, and (ale thereof, (hall be paid into the hands of the collector of his Majefty’s cuftoms in that port within which the (aid goods (hall have been fo fold.

XIX.	And whereas certain goods, wares, or merchandize* are by this aft charged with, and made fubjeft to, duty on exportation from this kingdom, according to the value thereof; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the value of finch goods, wares, or merchandize, lhall be afeertained by the declaration of the exporter or proprietor of fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, in manner and form following; (that is to fay},

T A. B. do hereby declare, That lam the exporter or proprietor of A the goods mentioned in this entry i and I do enter the Jam at the value of

Witntft

V

Digitized by Google

A/mo vicefimo fcptimo Georgii III, c. 13*

Witntfi my bend, the	day of

A.	B.

Tbt above declaration, figned iht day of	in	tk$

Prefmaif

C. D. colleflor.

E. F. comptroller, or other principal officer.

Which declaration (hall be written on the entry outwards of fsch goods, wares, or merchandize, and (hall be fubferibed with the hand of the exporter or proprietor thereof, or his known agent or fador, in the'prefence of two of the principal officers of the cuftoms at the port of exportation, of which the collector (hall be one, who (hall certify the lame under their hands; and fach declaration, fo made and figned as herein dire&ed, (hall be to at) iotents and purpofes whatever of the fame force and efieft, and the exporter or proprietor of fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, (hail be in every refpeCt bound by fuch dedara-tioo as fully and effectually, as if the value of fuch goods, wares, or merchandize had been, as heretofore, ascertained by the oath of affirmation of fuch exporter or proprietor ; and if, upon view and examination thereof by .the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms, it (ball appear to nim or them that fuch goods, wares, or merchandize are not valued, by the declaration of the exporter nr proprietor thereof, according to the true price or value thereof, and according to the true intent and meaning of this a£, that rhen, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for the (aid officers of the cuftoms to detain the fame, in fuch and the like manner-as the officers of the cuftoms are by this adt authorized to detain goods, wares, or merchandize imported into Great Britain from foreign parts, and liable to pay duty at value according to the declaration of the importer or proprietor thereof, or his known agent or faCtor, and which (hall appear to be undervalued 5 and fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, fo appearing to be undervalued by the exporter or proprietor thereof, (hall be fecurcd in fuch manner, and under luch and the like regulations, and (ball and may be difpofed of, and the produce applied, in fuch manner, arid under fuch and the like regulations, as goods, wares, or merchandize imported into Great Britain from foreign parts, and liable to pay duty at value according to the declaration of the importer or proprietor thereof, and which (hall appear to be undervalued, are by this a& directed to be detained, fecured, and difpofed of, and the produce thereof applied * and the exporter or proprietor (hall in fuch cafe be paid itv like manner, and under the like authority, by the receiver general and caffiier of his Majefty’s cuftoms, in cafe the goods, wares, or merchandize (hall be entered for exportation in the port of London, or by the collectors of his Majefty’s cuftoms at the other ports of Great Britain refpeCtively, if the goods (hall be entered for exportation at any other port than fee port of London, out of any money in bis or their bands arif-Vos. XXXVI.	D	ing

Digitized by Google

3?

which declaration of the value (hall be as binding as if made on oath, and if the goods are undervalued, to be difpofed of, See. as goods imported and undervalued are directed to be.

GoNcAort of the cuftoms to aooeurat for money received tor fate of goods undervalued* as for duties granted by Chis-adl.

Portage to matters of

Anne vicefimo feptimo GEorgii III. c. 13. [1787.

ing from the revenue of cuftoms, the value of fueh good*, wares, or merchandise fo afeertained as aforelaid by the exporter or proprietor thereof, together with ten pound* per m-tum, and alfo the cuftoms paid ort the entry for exportation of fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, without any further allowance on any account whatever; which payment (haU be mads within fifteen days after the faid goods, wares, or merchandise (hall have been fo taken and detained.

XX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afoisAid, That whatever money (hall be paid into the-hand* of any «td* ledor of the cuftoms in any port of this kingdom, on-acoevnt of the produce of fuch fate, (hall be, by every fuch colledtar, applied in like manner as if the fame had been received by tkHn on account of the' duties of cuftoms by this a& granted and impolcd.

XXI.	And be it further enaAed by the authority aforeftid. That, from and after the tenth day of May, one thotifaitdfcWri hundred and eighty- feven, the bounty or allowance to maftett

(hips to cesfe of (hips inwards, commonly called and known by the name of

at May 10, 1787.

Redial of treaty be-tween his Britannick Majcfty and the moft Chriftian king.

Portage, fhall ceafe and determine, and the fame (hall oof be paid or allowed to the mailer of any (hip or veflel, who (hallnot have duly made his report at the cuftom houfe on or beferethe tenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fevan, any cuftom or ufage to the contrary nottfthftanding.

A XII, And whereas, byd treaty of navigation and commerce &ltd} concluded between bis Britannick Majefly and the mojl Cbrifiittn king, ftgned at Verfailles the ^twenty fixth day of September, ’##/ thoufand feven hundred and eighty fix; and by a convention figned on the fifteenth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, it is agreed', that olive oil, vinegar, brandy, linen, porniaht, earthenware, and pottery, phteglafs, and glafs ware, beer, hardware, cutlery, cabinet ware, turnery, mufical infiruments, camhitts, or French lawns; all works of iron, fieel, topper, and brafs, purser mixed; and all forts of cottons and woollens, whether knit of above, including bofiery manufactured in the European dominions uf'tbt French king \ fadlery, gauzes, and millinery made up of tmtflm, lawn, eambrick, or gauze, or of any other article which may hi legally imported into this kingdom, of the manufacture of France, or of arty of the European dominions of the French king, and alfo' French wines, fhall, for a limited time, be imported into Great Britain on payment of certain duties, as in the faid' treaty and convention ate refpeCl 'tvety fiipulated and agreed an, and that other tnerebandhses fhall pay the duties payable by the mojl favoured European nations: and whereas fame of the beffre-tnenttoned articles dre either pofithety or dreumftantiatty prohibited to be imported into this kingdobt i be it Pram May xo, therefore ena&ed by the authority afbrefaid. That, from and Vf after the tenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and arddM beiey eighty-feven, until the tenth dty df May, which will be in the in eaumerat’ year of our Lord one thoufand eight hundred, and no longer, edmaybeim- it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons whatever to ittjpoit or bring into Great Britain, either for (ale or

Digitized by

Google

jygy] Anno viceffmo feprimo Georoii Ilf. c. i j.	35

rfirraiy from France, or from any place in the	domi-	dominion! of

nion* of the French king, any vinegar, brandy, linen, porce- the French lain, earthen ware and pottery, plate glair and glafs ware, beer, fn^hedoOer hardware, cutlery, cabinet ware, turnery, mufical inftrumentc, rpedfied ip cam bricks or Prtntb lawns, thread, bone lace, works of iron, the annexed fteel, copper, and brafs, pure or mixed, cottons and woollens tables, fC.) of all fats, whether knit or wove, including holiery, fadiery, gaoaes, and millinery made up of mnflin, lawn, cambrick, or gauge, or of any other article which may be legally imported uH0 this kingdom, being of the manufacture Frame, or of any of the Evrtptan dominions of the	king5 alio Frtmb

wines in calks from any place in the Eurtptan dominions of the Frtmb king, in fuch manner,'and under Inch regulations, at foch wines may now by law be imported from Promt; and alio Frtmb wines in bottles or flalks, as well for fate as for private ufe, except as is herein-after provided, from any place in the Ewnytan dominions of the Frtmb king, or from the Hlands of Gtterxfey, yerftj, or Alderney, in foch manner, and under fuch regulations, as the fame may now by law be imported from Frrnu, for private ufe; and olive oil, the product or manufacture of France* or of any place in the	dominions	of

she French king, from any part of the Netherlands belonging to or-under the dominion of the French king, in	built	fhipa

or reffels, owned, navigated, and regiftered, according to the laws in forte* on or' immediately before the tenth day of May* one rhoufend (even hundred and eighty-feven, or in	-

built (hips or vcticls owned by and belonging wholly to the fub-jeft* of the French king, and whereof the mafter and three worths of the mariners, at the leafy are the fgbjc&s of the Frtmb king, 00 payment of the fevers! and refpeCHve duties due and payable on the importation thereof, as the feme are refpec-rivdy infer ted, deferibed, and let forth in the table and fchedule hereunto annexed marked (C.) and IF.)

XXifl. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That all cambricfcs or French lawns legally imported, (hall and Cambncks or stay be worn, ufed, or con fumed in Great	or fold or	!^n*

a poled to fele therein, and (hall not be fubje$ to feraure or po^ed, worn, forfeiture on account of fuch importation, nor (hall the perfen or fold* or perions who (haU import, wear, ufe, or confume the feme, or who (hall fell, or expofe to fele, the feme, or have the feme in his, her, or their cuftody or pofieffion, be liable to any penalty or penalties, fine or fines, whatever, for wearing, ufing, confoming, felling, or expofing to fele, the fame; any law, coftom, or ufege, to .the contrary notwkhfianding.

XXIV.	And be it further enaaccTby the authority afbrefeid.

That the importers or proprietors of 'any cambricks or French Cambrick* lawns, which, before the tenth day of May, one tboofand (even ™r" bond red and eighty-feven, (hall have been imported into Gr«rf£*port*tioi», Britain for exportation, from any part or place in the European before May dominions of the Frembkmg* and lodged according to law in a *78*> mrehoufe belonging to hit Majefty, ot which (ball, on or be-

D 2	f°**	tody of the

.	Digitized	by vjiOO^LC

3 6	Anno	vicefitno feptimo Georgii III. C. 13. [1^87.

owner*, bn fore the tenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and paving the	eighty-feven, be lawfully fo-imported into Great Britain for that

*m'. purpofe, (hall, after the tenth day of May, one thoufand feven V * hundred and eighty-feven, be at liberty to take and receive the *	fame into their own cuftody and pofleflion, either for fate and

confumption in this kingdom, or otherwife, fitch importertor proprietors firft making a regular entry of all fuch cam brick* or ‘	French lawns with the proper officer of the cuftoms, and paying

fuch duty forthefame as cambricks or French lawns, imported * after the tenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, are by this prefent a£t madefubjeft and liable to*, and cam* end all cambricks or French lawns under feizure by any officer brick* feized or officers of the cuftoms, or which (hall or may be feized by faraeday'may anY officer or officers of the cuftoms, on or before the tenth day be fold for 1 of May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, (hall home con- and may, after condemnation, be fold for confumption in this fumption. kingdom, and no perfon (hall be fubjedt or liable to any penalty for having the fame in his cuftody or pofleffion, the purchafer or purchafers thereof firft making a regular entry of all fuch cambricks or French lawns with the proper officers of the cuftoms, add paying fugh duty for the fame as cambricks or lawns, imported after the tenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, are* by .this adt made fubjedt and liable* to; any law, cuftom, .-or ufagp, to the contrary notyrith-Cambricks (landing c -provided neverthefefs, That nothing in this adtcon-imported in tained (hall extend, or b* cooftrued-to; extend, to permit or than*<o tons a^ow» during the time limited by this adf, the importation of burthen, and any cambricks or French lasvrw. other- than ii> (hips or veflela of in bale* not the burthen of fixty tpqjtdr upwards*-and *# bales, cafes, or containing boxes, covered with'fackclojh or canvss,. cach of which bale*, of ioo pieces, M*?8* or boxes, (halj-contSM) one hundred, .whole pieces, or two and French ' hundred demi or half pieces,: of cambricks or French lawns; or wines in the importation of any French wines in bottle* or flaiks, other packages con- than in packages, each of which (hall contain at the lead three than^f ddfen dozep repoted quart bottles or ftafks; and in. cafe any cambricks qirarts, to be or French lawns, or any French wines in bottles or ftafks, (hall forfeited. be imported in any other way, form or manner, or in any left quantity, the fame (hall, and’ are hereby declared to be forfeited, and . (hall and may be-feized by any officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms.

XXV.	And. whereas divers tf the lata.at well as the prefent

le fiors er receivers of the revenue tf	by reafen tf the greet

numbers of branches of the revenue tf heretofore granted u his prefent Majefy, and to bis royal predettjfors, have, in many fiances, applied	erroneoufly to one branch of the revenue ef tufttm the

money properly belonging and applicable to another, by which meant the accounts of fetch tolled!ors or receivers remain unfettled and unliquidated ; be it therefore further enadted by the authority afore-The comtnif- laid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the contmiffionere of Goners of cuf- his Majefty’s cuftoms in England for the time being, or any cTtheac-Ct* ^our or ® ore of them, and the commiflioners of his Majefly’s

cuftoms

Digitized by

Google

1787.] Anno vtceCmo feptirno-GtfdftGii III. c. 15.	37

cuftoms In Scotland for the time being, or any thrfc or more of counts of col-them, finally to fettle and clofe the account % of fiich latt or pre- ic?ori °* feat colledors or receivers of any partof the rcvenqe of cuftoms, hVvVapplicd or other duties under their management, notwithstanding their mooeybc-having fo erroneoufly applied to one branch of the revenue of lorigingtooae cuftoms the money properly belonging to another $ and the faid branch of the couiflii/Soiiers are hereby refpeCtively impowered to correCt fuch Mother application, in order to prevent the accounts of any fuch late or branch, prdent collectors or receivers from being kept open, unfettled, and unliquidated; and all fuch corrections (hall, and are hereby direded to be allowed by the comtnilfioners for better examining and auditing the publick accounts of the kingdom, in the pafiiog the general account of cuftoms, fubfidici, and impofi-tion*.

XXVI.	Jnd whereas it is expedient that the feveral duties tf cuftoms granted by this eft Jhculd be paid into the hands of she receiver-general and cajbur of bis Majtftfs cuftoms, as foon as may be, and teas the accounts of the feveral perfons employed in the colieftion ar receipt offuch duties Jhould be frequently fettled and adj lifted, in order that the balance of ccjh remaining in their hands {if any) may at all time 1 be clearly afeertained and known, be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the tenth Indi* day of May, one thoufand feveo hundred and eighty-feven, the

mired company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl times they Indies (hall pay, or caufe to be paid, into the hands of the r$- become due ceivor-geneml and caftiier of his Majefty’s cuftoms for the time Jjf their being, all and every fum or fums of money due and payable from the (aid united company, on account of the duties of cuf- ncrai Qf the toms, at the feveral and refpe&ive times and periods when the cuftoms, time (hall become due and payable by law; and that the faid whofereceipt receiver-general and ca(hier of nis Majefty’s cuftoms (hall give,	ca(h

or caufe to be given, to the (aid united company, a receipt for by tbc coj. the monies fo paid for and on the account of the collector of his leftor. Majefty's cuftoms, to whom fuch fum or fums of monev are by law now due and payable, which receipt, when delivered to fuch colkdor, (hall be received by him as ca(h; any law, cuftom, or ulage to the contrary not withftanding.

XXVII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority afore-

bid, That, from and after the tenth day of May, one thoufand PjJ*’*8.001'’ feven hundred and eighty-feven, every perfon employed in the J™'df' port of London in tl>e collection or receipt of any part of the dontobepJd duties of cuftoms, (hall pay into the hands of the faid receiver- to the receiv-general and ca(hier of his Majefty’s cuftoms the whole of the er-general on monies which he (hall receive on account of the duties of cu- thc day8. ^ ftoms, on the day on which he (hall receive the fame, or as near arc rccciv # the whole as may be, fave and except fuch fum or fums of money as (hall, from time to time, by virtue of the fpecial order of the.commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England for the time being, or any tout or more of them, (as heretofore), be directed to be deduced, paid, or allowed therefrom.

XXVIIX, And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid,

D3	That,

Digitized by Google

Anno vieefimo feptlmo GeorgiI III. c. 13. [1787.

don, to be paid by the receiver, general.

Monies due Thar, frbtn and after the tenth day of one thonfand (even 2"^ebeB*“r** hundred and eighty-feven, aH and every futn or foms of money or premium” w^ich (hall Appear to be due on any debenture for the payment if due in Lon- Of any part of the duties of cuftoms on goods, wares, or tner* J“ *" *“ chandize exported from Gnat Britain, or any debenture, certificate, or other inftrument or document whatever, for the pay*' ment of any money by way of premium, bounty, allowance, er otherwife, directed by this ad to be paid out of the dutieS'Of cuftoms, or by any other ad or ads of parliament in force <m and immediately before the tenth day of one thoufimd feven hundred and eighty-feven, or by the fpecial order or dk redion of the faid tommiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England for the time being, or any four or more of them, where fuch payment or allowance (hall become due in the port of London, (hall be paid or allowed to any perfon or perfons whatever, properly authorized to receive the fame, by the receiver-general and cafhier of his Majefty’s cuftoms for the time being out of any monies in his hands arifing from the duties of cu-ftoms} and every fuch payment or allowance, (o made by the faid receiver-general and cafhier of his Majefty’s euftoms, (hall, and is hereby direded to be allowed by the commiffionerr for the better examining and auditing the publick accounts of this

kingdom, in the fettling or auditing or the accounts of the reft calmer of his Majefty’s cuftoms s any la w.

ceiver-genera! and

cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Such deben- That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be cmrftrued (0

‘“re* due extend, to prevent or hinder any of the colledors or Wceivtft in Loudon, 0f j,is Majeny’s cuftoms in any port of Gnat , other than

may be paid "* ,,,s	■«“««*»	“*	*'!?.	w*

by the rapec- «*e port of London, from making fuch payments or allowance*, tive colledors out of any of the monies in their hands, arifing from the duties

at the out ports

This aft not

of cuftoms, on account of any debenture or certificate, or by virtue of any inftrument or document whatever, as they would have been authorized to have done if this ad had not been made.

XXX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That nothing in this ad (hall extend, or be COnftrued to extend,

fedatTboun-t0 a'ter or any way any bounty or premium whatever, ty or pre- *now payable by law out of" any part of the revenue of the cu-mium now ftoms, on the importation into, or on the exportation from, this payable out of kingdom, of any goods, Wares, or merchandize; but that the .u	fame	(hall	continue,	and	be paid and allowed as heretofore j and

the proper officers of the cuftoms, from and after the tenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, are hereby authorized and required to pay and allow the feme, out of any money in their hands arifing from cuftoms.

XXXI.	And whereas certain rules, orders, dinflms, andrcgk-lations, are annexed to the two books of rates herein-before mentioned

under the following titles or heads', (that is to Jay), Thofe annexed to the faid book of rates made in the faid twelfth year of the reign of King Qharles the Second, under the title or bead of Certain-rules, orders,

di-

Google

the revenue of cuftoms.

Digitized by '

7A Anna vkcfimo feprimo Georoii IH cij.	^

finffiaos, and allowances, for the advancement of trade, and «o«t|emtat of the merchant, at alfo for the regulating, as ?tU of the merchants in making due entries and juft payments tf then cuftoms, as of the officers in all the ports of this king* dew in the faithful di (charge of their duty;	annexed

the fed bukaf	rates eeeodt	in the	jdideleventh year reign tf

his late mojtfty King George the Firfi, under the title or bead if ftuies, orders, and regulations: and whereas it it expedient that tie fame Jbauld be repealed: be it therefore enabled bv the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the tenth day of May, From May to, one thoufand feven hundred andeighty-feven, the feveral rules, |7ft> the orders, dire&ioos, and regulations, annexed to the fajd two to the twt> hooka of rates, and every thing therein contained, (hall be re- books of rates pealed; and the fame are hereby repealed, and declared to be of is Car. s. mill ami void to all intents and purposes whatever, except filch andtiOeo.i. part or parts thereof as are re-ena&ed in this a<fl.	‘	repeal-

XXXII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That frefh frfh of every kind or fort whatever, caught or taken ““fj* in any past of the ocean, by the crews of any (hips or veflels built KiitVs Ms in. Great Britain, Ireland, the iflandaof Jerpy,	,	or	Man,	Maieftr’* do-

or in any of the colonies, plantations, iftands, or territories, minions, and which now belong, or at the time of building fuch (hips or vef-feh did belong, or which may hereafter belong to, or be in the	*

pofidBonaf, bis Majefly, bis heirs or fuccefiors, and wholly be- fubjcfti, mar lodging to and owned by his Majefty’s fubjefts ufually refiding be imported so Great Britain, Ireland, or the iflands of	,	Jerfey,	or	without par-

Jtfan, and navigated and regiftered according to law, (hall and in& *“J dutf*

' y be imported into Great Britain, in fhips built, owned, navigated, and regiftered as aforefaid, without payment of any duty of cuftoms whatever; any thing in this adt contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

XXXIII. And be it farther enabled by the authority afore-hid, That if any goods, wares, or merchandize whatever, on If goods on which fpecifick duties are payable by this ad according to the weight, tale, gauge, or meafure thereof, and which (hall be im- liy^ng to posted or brought into Great Britain from foreign parts, after tbeir weight, Xbc tenth day ot May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty- Ac. (hould be feven (except wine, tobacco, raifint, and currants), (hall receive damaged on any damage by hit water or otherwife, during the courfe of the proportion-voyage, after fuch goods, wares, or merchandize (hall have able ailow-•been laden or (hipped in foreign parts, and before the fame (hall ance out of be unftupped or dilcbargcd from the (hip or veflel in which they	..

Hull he imported into Great Britain,fo that the owner thereof the ffeall be prejudiced in the fale of fuch goods, wares, or mer- chant, to be etnodize, the principal officers of the cuftoms, or any two of afeertained as them, whereof the colled or for the time being (hall be one (the he"'" di-pmf of fuch damage being firft afeertained in the manner re- rtited’ quired by law, on and immediately before the tenth day of May, one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-feven), (hall have power to cbooie two indifferent merchants, experienced in the values of fuch. goods, waves, ocmerchandise, who upon viewing the

D 4	(ame

Digitized by Google

Anno vicefimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 13. (17B7+

fame (hall certify and declare, upon their corporal oath*r firft adminiftered by the faid officers (who are hereby authorized add impowered to adminifter the fame), what damage fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, have received, and how much the 4kMt are leflened in their true value, according to fuch damage, in cdfa* lion to the duties fet on them in the fchedule hereunto annettNt marked (A.); and thereupon the proper officers (hall, and thfey are hereoy authorized and required to make a juft, reafonabte, and proportionable allowance to the merchant, by way of return or repayment out of the duties due and which (hall hove been adualiy paid for the feme.	?

XXXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Goods to con- authority aforefaid. That nothing in this ad contained lhail «*-fdUe 10d* - tcnc^ or con^rue^ to extend, to permit or allow any goods, laden \nndun’ wares> or merchandize to be laden or unladen at any other officers of the places, or at any other times or hours than is now by law al-cuftoms to lowed, nor to alter or vary tbe lawful hours for the attendance attend at the 0f tjie officers of his Majefty's cuftoms refpe&ively, nor to alter, anTthe fame vary» rcPeal>or *n anY refpe<ft encreafe the fees eftabli(hed by hrw fees to be re- to the officers of his Majefty’s cuftomsj but the fame (hall, wad ceived, as are hereby declared to continue and remain feverally and re-noweftablilh- fpeeftively as they were on and immediately before the tenth day ca bylaw. cf onc thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore* From May zo, faid. That, from and after the tenth day of May, one thoufand 1787, the feven hundred and eighty-feven, all and Angular the duties, al* of exciVe tc>C8 l°wanccs» bounties, and drawbacks of excife, and other duties ceafe, except un^cr the management of the commiffioners of excife in England and Scotland refpe&ively, granted by any ad or ads of parliament now in force, and alfo the additional impofts or duties charged upon the produd and amount of the faid feveral duties, (hall ceafe and determine, fave and except in all cafes relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any arrears thereof re-fpedively, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, relating thereto refpedively, which (hall have been incurred at any time before, or on the faid tenth day of May, one thoufand feven

on malt,mum, hundred and eighty*feven, and further, fave and except the du-cyder, and ties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, granted by two feveral Gcc7 %.q 6. a<^s Parl*arocnt> made in the twenty-fixth and twenty-feventh years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, the one intituled, jin aft for continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for tbe Jervtce of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix 5 and the other. An ail for continuing and granting to bis Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and and aHb ex- eighty-feven; and fave alfo and further except the rates or duties cept duties on payable for any licence or licences which the faid commiffioners 1 CenCCd h exc^c’or anY or e^bcr of them, or tbe colle&ori* fupervifors, commiffion- or °fficcrs °f excife, or any of them, are or have been, by any era of excife $ aft or aft* .of parliament in force on and immediately before the

*	(aid

and 27 Geo. 3-C.4*

Digitized by Google

*7*7-1 Anno vkcfirao feptimdtsE&RGIl III* c. ijl	41

. had tenth day of Majy one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven authorized or impowered to grant.

XXXVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore* feid, That, from and after the faid tenth day of A&y, one thou- *n (and feven hundred and eighty-feven, in lieu and inftead of the 6ad duties of excife, and other duties under the management of the duties the findcommiffioners of excife refpedively, by this ad repealed, fpecified in there fhail be raifed, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majefty, fchedulc r^). his bars and fucceilbrs, upon the feveral goods, wares, mer- anncxcd*^tc-ehandize, and commodities mentioned and deferibed in the fche-dole marked (F.) hereunto annexed, the feveral foms of money and duties of excife, as they are refpedively inferred, deferibed, and fct forth in the laid fcheduie; and that there fhail be made, allowed, and paid, for or in refped of goods, wares, merchandize, and commodities, for or in refped whereof any duty of excife is by this act impofed, to the feveral perfons entitled to the feme, the feveral allowances, bounties, and drawbacks of excife, as the fame are alfo refpedively inferted, deferibed, and fet forth in the faid fcheduie; and alfo all other fuch fpecial allowances as are particularly direded by any ad or ads of par-Rament in force on and immediately before the tenth day of J&y, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven.

XXXVIL And be it further enaded by the authority afore-feid, That fuch of the duties of excife by this ad impofed as New duties ibail arife in that pan of Gnat Britain called England, fhail be be under under the management of the commiflioners of excife in Eng- ^cn?of tbT knd for the time being; and fuch thereof as (hall arife in that commiffioa-part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall be under the manage- ers of excife, mem of the commiflioners of excife in Scotland for the time be- *°d to be ac-ing, and (hall be accounted for, cleared off, paid, fatisfied, and dilcharged by the perfon and perfons liable to the accounting for, c<j duties daring off, payment, fatisfadion, or difcharge thereof, at ftich were; tone and times, and in fuch manner, as the duties of excife, and other duties under the management of the faid commiflion-mof excife refpedively (hereby repealed}, chargeable upon the like goods, wares, merchandize, and commodities, refpedively, or upon any perfon or perfons for or in refped thereof, were, by any ad or ads of parliament in force on and immediately before the feid tenth day of May* one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, to be accounted for, cleared off, paid, fatisfied, or difeharged.

XXXVIII. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-hid, That the faid feveral fums of money refpedively inferted, and may be deferibed, and fet forth in the faid fcheduie hereunto annexed, marked (F.) as the duties of excife, and the allowances, boun- ^Sowedin ties, and drawbacks of the duties of excife, upon the feveral the like’man-goods, wares, merchandize, or commodities alfo inferted there- ner, unlefa hr, (hall and maybe refpedively raifed, levied, coileded, an- hereby alter-fared, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed, fex- cd; ctpt where any alteration is expre&ly made by this ad)# in fuch i&d the like manner, and in or by any or either of the means,

ways,

Digitized by Google

4*	Anno	vicefimo	iepdmo Gio*o« III. c. ij. [1787

ways, or method* by which the former duties of exeife, w»c other duties under the management of the faid commifficsogtri of excife refpedively, and allowances* bounties, and drawbacks of duties of excife, and other duties under tl\e management the laid eommilBoners of excife, refpedively, in general; gpd alfo by any or either of the fpccial means, wavs, or method* #<n-fpedivcly, by which the former duties of excife, and other ds|ti«a under the management of the laid commiflioners of excstCo **-fpedivcly, and allowances, bounties, and drawbacks of duties of excife, and other duties under the management of the find eotnmiflioners of excife refpedively, upon goods, wares, ooer-chandize, or commodities of the lame forts or kinds refpedively, were or might be raifed, levied, collected, anfwered, paid, ts-andthe covered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed; and the good*, goodschar^e- wares, merchandize, or commodities fo by this ad refpedively duties of ex- B?a<*e l'*hle t0 the payment of, or chargeable with duties of cx-cife, by this c*fo» or f° Entitled to allowances, bounties, or drawbacks of 4u-aft.’to be ties of excife, as refpedively inferted, deferibed, and fet forth in fubjeft to the the faid fchedule hereunto annexed, marked (F.) (hall be, and condition!!, t|,e fame are hereby made fubjed and liable to all and every the by lawoiT'1* conditions, regulations, rules, rcfttidUons, and forfeiture**- to May.10,1787; which goods, wares, merchandize, or commodities in generp), and alfo all and every the fpccial conditions, rules, regulftioas, reftridions, and forfeitures rcfpadivcly, to which the like good*, wares, or merchandize refpe&ively were fubjed and liable by any ad or sdU of parliament in force pn and immediately before the tenth day of Maj% one.tboufend feven hundred and eigbty-fcven, refpeding the duties of excife, or other duties under the management of the faid commiflicoers of excife refpedively, except where any alteration is exprcfsly made by this ad, or by and the pe- any other ad or ads of this feflion of parliament; and all and nxltiesthen is every pain, penalty,- fine, or forfeiture of any nature or luqd eatendedto whatever, as well pains of death as others, for any offence whatever committed againft, or in breach of any ad pr ads of parliament in force on and immediately before the tenth day of Mp, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, made-for Securing the revenue of excife, or other Julies under the' management of the laid commiflioners of excife refpcdiveiy, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the feverpl clause, powers, and diredioos therein contained, (unlefe where «x-prefsly altered by this ad), lhall, and are hereby direded and -declared to extend to, and lhall be refpedively applied, pradifed, and p ut in execution, for and in refped of the fever*) .duties of 1 excife, end allowances, bounties, and drawbacks .of duties of excife, hereby charged and allowed, in as full and supple manner, to all Latest sand purposes whatever, as if al) and every toe find ads, elaufes, prpvifions, powers, diredioos, fines,, pains, penalties* or forfeitures, were, particularly repeated and re-eneded in the body of this ad.

_	XXXIX.	And	be	it further enaded by the authority afore*

ra^perifick fr*d, 'That in all cafes where duties are impofed, or dr*77back*

on	allowed.

A fe

Digitized by L»ooQle

1787-1 Anno vicefuno fepfimo OsokoiI III. c. 13.	4)

allowed, by this adt, on any fpecifick quantity of goods, wares, qusntkie* of or merchandise, the fame (hall, in every cafe, be understood and 8<x>d»>t0 *P* deemed and taken to apply, in the fame proportion, and after {j^llbSTto the fame rate, to any quantity lefs than fuch fpecifick quantity. any |e£iqu*a-XL. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, tides. TbataU monies arifing from duties, either by bond or other* ^ wife, tefpedbng the revenues of cuftoms and excife, raifed, le- coiieAedafter vied, colfeded, or paid, from and after the tenth day of Aft,y, May 10,1787, one thoufind feven hundred and eighty-feven, for or on account cither of cuf-of any goods, wares, or merchandise wlutever, imported or *??' brought into Great Britain, or brought or carried coaftwife, or ^uebefor! from port to port within the faid kingdom, or made or manu- that dar, may ftdured therein, on or before the tenth day of May, one thou* be applied as (and feven hundred .and eighty-feven, (although the amount of **** ^UKe* {.”* the (aid duties may have own computed, ascertained, and re* ceired, in the like manner in which they have heretofore been ' ufually computed, afeertained, and received), aod alfo all the deties of excife, and other duties under the management of the eommiffioDers of excife, which (hall have been charged or be> come due on or before the tenth day of May, one thoufand feven bendred aod eighty-feven, and which (hall not be received till after that day, mall and may, from and after the laid tenth day of ACey, one thoufand feven hundred end eighty-feveo,- be appropriated and applied, in one fum or total amount, in like manner as the duties of enfioms and excife, by this aftimpofed, are herein-after direfM to be appropriated and applied, inftead . ef tit femal and reffective brandies to which fuch monies were applicable before the tenth day of May, one thoufend feven hundred and eighty-feven; and tint all monies (refpe&ing the revenues ef cuflotns or excife) paid or to be allowed, either upon bond or othertrife, either by way of drawback, bounty, certifi-ewe, premium, or allowance, or by any other legal document whatever, from and after the tenth day of May, one thoufend feven hundred and eighty-feven, (although the amount of the feme (hd have been computed end afeertained in the like manner in which they have heretofore been ufually computed and afeertained), Ah and may be paid or allowed, by the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms nr excife, in one fum or total amount, not of stay monies in their hands arifing from the dudes of cuftoms ahd excife respectively.

XLI. And whereastie feveral	rafts and under

ment and	eareef die etmndffitntrt fer managing tie duties open

Jlampti vellum, parchment, and paper, a appropriated and ep-pBemrto various purpofis,	ottering to tie aketfim ef the

altt df parliament grunting tie fame $ and tie fend temmiffitners and ether affairs employed in tit adbffitn and management of tie /aid rates and duties art repaired to	imp fepantte and diffina mounts of

the monies arifmgfromthefeveral tatesanddsities, as tbeyrtfpe&iv&y art paid iate the hands of the faid' tiffittrs, and Hkeioift to provide aadtsfi AfferentanddiftirtSt dus or /lamps to denote eath rate and duty, best therefore cna&td by the authority aforefaid. That, e	to-

Digitized by

Google



u

Commiffioa-ers of (tamps m*y provide one ftamp to denote the feveral duties chargeable on vellum, flee;

and may con* folidate the feveral duties into one fum, collected accordingly,and keep one account ofthofe duties.

From May 10, 1787, all duties on (tamped vellum, &c« to be paid to the receiver-general of thofe duties, who is to keep

Anno vicefimo Jeptimo GeorGII III. c. 1$.' [17871

to prevent the multiplication of (lamps upon fuch pic vellum, parchment, or paper, or other indruments, matters, 1 things, on which'feveral rates and duties are by feveral a£ts< parliament impofed, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid com( tniffioners for managing the duties on damped vellum, papchg ment, and paper, indead of the didinft damps, dies, or directed to be provided to denote the feveral duties on the ve lum, parchment, or paper, or other indrument, matter, or tl * charged therewith, to caufe one new damp, die, or mark to I provided, to denote the faid feveral rates and duties on ear _ fuch piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, or other inftrutnen^ matter, or thing, charged with the faid (everal rates or duties from time to time, as (hall be by them thought needful, and to repair, renew, or alter the fame, as there (hall beoccafion j any, former aft or afts of parliament to the contrary notwithdanding.

XLII.	And,in order that all	tmonies which Jball from

the feveral rates and duties, under the management of the faid torn-mijfioners for managing the duties ondamped	parchment, and

paper, which are or Jball be denoted by the fame , mark, or Jlamp, may be brought into one account j be it enafted by the authority aforefeid, That indead of the feveral rates and duties impofed by feveral afts of parliament upon the fame piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, or other matter or thing charged with feveral rates or duties, being levied, collefted, and received in feveral and didinft fums, according to the feveral proportions by which the feme arc impofed, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commiffioners, and all and every the officer and officers who (hall be concerned in the management of the faid rates and duties under the faid commillioners, to confolidate the monies anting or to arife from the faid feveral rates and duties into one fum, to the amount of all the faid feveral rates and duties, and to levy, colleft, and receive the feme accordingly j and to keep at the head office of damps one didinft account of the monies arifing from the faid confolidated duties, and to bring into the feme account all rates and duties under the management of them the faid commiffioners, which are and (hall be, in pur* fuance of this or any former aft, denoted by the feme die, mark, or damp, without any reparation of the feveral parts or members thereof, or didinftion taken or made as to the ufes or pur-pofes to which the feme are, or are intended to be appropriated or applied, or the aft or afts of parliament granting, appropriating, or regulating the feme $ any former law or ufegc to the contrary notwithdanding.

XLIII. And be it further enafted by the authority sforefaid. That, from and after the tenth day of May, one thoufend feven hundred and eighty-feven, all monies arifing from the rates and duties under the management of the. commiffioners for managing the duties on damped vellum, parchment, or paper, (hall be paid into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being, of the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper*. who (hall keep one account only of all the (aid rates and duties*

and

f- X

Digitized by Google

>

*7^7-] Anno vieefimo fcpttmo Giorgit III. c. i 3.

and pay the fame accordingly (the neceflary charges of raifing, paying, and accounting for the fame, being deduced) into the receipt of the exchequer, from time to time, weekly $ (that is to fay), on Wtinefiay in every week, if the fame be not an holiday, and if the lame be an holiday, then on the next day which (haU nor be an holiday, for the purpofes herein-after declared and exploded; any former aft or alts of parliament, or any daofir, matter, or thing, in any former ad or ads of parliament contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLIV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the faid com mi (Turners for managing the faid duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, and all other officers who (hall be employed or entrufted by or under them, (hall from time to time, in and for the better execution of their,feveral places and trulls, obferve and perform fuch rules and orders as they refpedively (hall, from time to time, receive from the high treafurer, or commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, for the time being.

XLV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the laid commiffioners for managing the duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, and their officers, and all other the officer and officers concerned in the management of any die faid rates and duties, (hall be fubjed to fuch penalties and forfeitures, for any breach of the truft in them repofed, or for dirertiag or milapplying the money received in pursuance of this or any former ad or ads of parliament, contrary to the true intent of this ad, as by any former law relating to tlie duties under the management of the faid commiffioners arc inflided; and that all powers, provifocs, articles, claufes, penalties, forfeitures, diftribotiort of penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things prefcribed or appointed by any former ad or ads of parliament, relating to the duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, or other the duties under the management and care of the faid commiffioners, and not hereby altered, (hall be m force and effed, with relation to the rates and duties hereby confolidated, and (hall be applied and put in execution, for the raifing, levying, collecting, and fecuring the fame, as fully to all intents and purpofes, as if they had been particularly repeated and re-enaded in this prefent ad.

XLVI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any perion (hall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be •counterfeited or forged, any feal, (lamp, or mark, to refemble any foal, damp, or mark dircded to be allowed or ufed, or provided, made, or ufed in purfuance of this or any former ad or ads of parliament relating to the duties under the management of the (kid commiffioners for managing the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, for the purpofe of denoting the hid duties, or any of them; or (hall counterfeit or refemble the impreffion of the fame, with intent to defraud his Majefty, his beiri or fuccedbrs, of any of the faid duties; or (hall uttef, vend, or foil any vellum, parchment, or paper, or other matter

Digitized by

Google

45

one account thereof, and pay the money into the exchequer weekly.

Commiffion-ers and officers for ftamps to ob» fenre the orders of the treafury;

and to be fubjed to penalties for breach of truft as heretofore*

All powers. See. of former ads, except hereby altered, to continue in force*

Perfons counterfeiting, oir felling counterfeited ftamps, or fraudulently ufing (tamp#, guilty of felony.

4*

Anno vicefimo feptimtf GsoRGii III. C. 1-3.

or thing, with fuch counterfeit mark or ftamp thereupon, know* ing the fame to be counterfeit, or (hail privately or fraudulently ~ life any Tea), ftamp, or mark, dire&ed or allowed to be uicct by this or any former alt or alts of parliament, with intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefiors, of any of the faid duties ; every perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully eon* vilted, (hall be adjudged a felon, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XLVII. And be it further enaltad by the authority aforeftid, th^d0' ^hat» ^rom anc* a^tcr tent^	one	thousand	fcVen

tin of cuf-U" hundred and eighty-feven, the feveral duties ofcuftoms, cxcifc, and ftamps, granted or conlolidated by this a (ft, together with the duty on hackney coaches and chairs, granted by the alts of the ninth of Queen Anne, and eleventh of King George the Third 5 and on hackney coaches, by the twenty-fourth of King George the Third; the duty on hawkers and pedlars, made perpetual by an alt of the firft of King George the Firft; and the duty on hawkers and pedlars, granted by the twenty-fifth of King George the Third;* the duty on houfes, window*, and lights, granted by the fixth of King George the Third; on inhabited houfes, by the nineteenth of King George the Third) and on houfes, by the twenty-fourth of King George the Third; the arrears of the duties on male fervants, granted by the fevtti-teenth and twenty-firft of King George theThird ; and on msfe and female fervants, by the twenty-fifth of King George the Third; the duties on fait, by the twenty-fixth df King George the Second, and the twentieth and twenty-fecond of King George*the Third; the fum of twelve thoufand pounds per annum, payable half* yearly by the bank, purfuant to the twenty-third of King George the Third; the duty of fixpenee in the pound'on penfions granted by the twelfth of King George the Firft, and the dory of one (hilling in the pound on falaries and penfions granted by the thirty-firft of King George the Second; the duties on ihops, on coaches, and other carriages, and waggons and carts, by the twenty-fixth of King George the Third; and on horfes, by the twenty-fifth of King George the Third, fhall be carried to, and conftitute.a fund, to be called The Confolidated Pun&\ and the fame (hall be iffued and applied to the ufes and purpofea hereinafter direlted.

XLVII1. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforeiaid, Boring the	That, during the life of his prefent Majefty, the following

toms, exdfe, and ftanps, and tbe (eve-rat duties on hackney coaches, &c. to be carried to one fond, to be called The Confoli-dated Fund.

jefty, the revenue of the poA office, dec. to be Car vied to the fiud fund;

branches of revenue (hall in like manner be carried to, and

made part of the faid fund fo by this alt created, (that is to fay); The revenue of the general letter office, or poft office, or office of poftmafter genera!; the monies arifing by fines for writs of covenant and writs of entry, payable in the alienation office, after payment of two thoufand pounds per annum, by temaly payments of five hundred pounds each, by the receiver thereof, for the charge of the hanaper in the court of chancety; the monies arifing by poft fines; the monies arifing by the new dories on licences to retail wine; the monies arifing by (heriffs profit**

Digitized by Google

47

17I7A Anno tkefimo ftpcimo GcOROiI III. C. 13.

nd costpofitions in the axcbcqucr, and leisures of prohibited and uncuftomed nedij the. room irifing to his Mutfty by rats offends, or for fines of kafcs of the fame, or any of them: ind that, from sod after the demifc of hit prefent Majefty which neve-(»hom God long prefcrvc), the fum of fem tboufend and two hil^MaJe pounds fourteen (hillings and three-pence, out of the monies demifc. Sec. arifing by the new duties on licences to retail wine, referred u to be paid by so id of the thirtieth year of his late majefty King to his Jbccef* the Second, together with the other before mentioned revenues, ***• except ss heretn-after excepted, Aiail he paid and accounted for to the heirs and (ucceffors of his Majefty, in like manner as they were before the paffing of an aA of the firft year of his pre> lent Majefty’* reign, intituled,- An aS	tbt fupport if bit

jtfij'i heujboU, and of tbt honour ami dignity if tbt triton Great nritain.

XL1X. Provided always, and be it further ensiled, That from and after the demile of his prefent Majefty (whom God long prderve), the fum of two thoufand pounds per annum (hall continue to be referred and fet apart, by termly payments of five hundred pounds each, by the receiver of the monies arifing by writs of covenant and writs of entry, payable in the alienation office, for the charge of the hanaper office in the court of chancery; and that the (urplus of the monies arifing by the new duties on wine licences, above the annual fum of feven thoufand and two pounds, fourteen (hillings, and three-pence (directed to be paid and accounted for to the heirs and facceflors of his Majefty as aforefeid), (hall be carried to, and made part of the find fond, to be called Tie Gmfihdattd Fund.

7 £0x1. las. jd. per ann. to be carried to the Confolidated Is.	And	whereas by an alt of parliament made in the ninth year if

the reign if her late majefty &*een Anne, intituled. An a(51 for eftablifhing a general poll office for all her Majelty’s dominions, and for fettling a weekly fum out of the revenues thereof, for thefervice of the war, and other her Majefty’s occafions; it was enaSed, That, from the firft day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eleven, one third part of tht fnrphts of tbt yearly product arifing bp the faid Utter er pofi office, or hairs upon poftagt of Utters and packets by the faid alt granted, over and above the fum of one hundred and eleven thoufand four hundred andfixty-mt pounds, feventttn /billings, and	, which was the

asmuut of tbi grofs receipt of tbt duties arifing by virtue of former offs of parliament, then repealed, for one year ending tht twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and	, and over and

above theJam of	[even hundred pounds a , fbould referved for

tbedifpoption of parliament: and whereas by amt her all of parliament^	made in the	twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Ma-

jtftj,intituled, An a<5! for granting to his Majefty certain additional rates of poftage for conveyance of letters and packets, by thepoft, within the kingdom of Great Britain-, for.preventing hands in there venae, carried on by the conveyance of certain (pods in letters and packets; and for further preventing frauds

v-d

y Google

After his Ms-jefty's de mile, aoool per annum to be referred oat of monies payable in the alienation of* fice, for the charge of the hanaper of* fice.

Surplus of new duties on wine licences a bore Fund.

9 Annie, c. 10; and

i4^)eo. j. e* 37, recited.

Digitized by

Anno tficefirao feptlmo GeorgiI III. c. 1 j. [1787.

and abufes in relation to the Sending and receiving of letters and packets free-from pottage; additional rates of poftagt were granted to hit Majejiy** and reguktionuwere providedfor the further aug-mentation oj.lht revenue of the general letter office* or poji office; end by the /aid iajhreated'aft it: was enabled* That the feveral rates and duties by the faid aft granted Jhall be paid from time to time into the bands of the receiver*general for the time being of the poji office* who jhall pay* out of fucb rates ana duties (the necejfary charges of collet ing* paying^and accounting for the fame* being fir ft deduced}* the full* dear * and entire; weekly fnm of two thoufand three hundred pounds* of lawful money of Great Britain, into the receipt of the exchequer* for the purpofes in tbtfaid aft mentioned* upon Tucfday in every week* if it be not an holiday* and if it be* then upon the next day that is not an holidayY as one week Jhall fuccejfively and immeii-ately follow and fuccced another* the firjl of the Jaid weekly poymtnts to begin and be made on Tuefclay the thirtieth day of November, one tboufand feven hundred and eighty-four > and in cafe the rates and duties thereby granted Jhall not be fufficient to cnfwer the faid weekly payments thereby dire ft ed to be made* that then* and fo often* the it-ficiency and deficiencies thereof Jhall be /applied and made good out of the w/sole receipt of the rates and duties of poflage \ and in cafe the rates and duties then by granted Jhall be more than fufficient to anfwtr the faid weekly payments* that then* and fo often as it Jhall fo happen, the overplus jhall be appropriated and applied to fucb and the Jam ufes as the prefent rates and duties of pojlage are refpeftively now by kw made applicable: and whereas it appears that.the medium product of the revenues of the faid general letter office or poll office* for two years* ending on the fifth day of January, one tboufand feven hundred oni eighty feven* amounted to the turn of two hundred and Seventy-eight tboufand four hundred and eighty-two pounds* fevent cen Shillings* oni four-pence halfpenny * and the medium produce for two years* ending on the fifth day of January, one tboufand feven hundred and eighty-four* to the fum of one hundred and fixty-fix tboufand fix hundred end thirty-one pounds* fourteen Shillings* which increafe was not fufficient to fatisfy the fum of two tboufand three hundred pounds a week* fo dir eft ed to be paid into the exchequer* by the recited aft of the twenty-

fourth year of his prefent Maiefly \ be it therefore enabled by the From bis Ma- authority atorefaid. That, from and after the demife of his pre-

teriy into the or April* the tilth day ot July* and the tenth day ot Uftober* in exchequer each year, the fum of thirty-eight thoufand fix hundred and poft office re- twcnty-f|X pounds, eighteen (hillings, and ten-pence farthing, venue, to be being the quarterly amount of the feveral fums of feven hun-carried to the dred pounds a week, as dire&ed by the faid recited adt of the Consolidated ninth year of Queen Anne* of one hundred and eleven thoufand

eight hundred and fifty-one pounds, three (hillings, and four-pence halfpenny, the annual increafe of the pott office revenue in confequence of the aft of the twenty-fourth vear of his pre-fent Majetty, and of the third part of the fum ot eighteen thou-

* revenues of the

(and

Digitized by

Google

I7&7-] Anno vicefimo feptimo GeoROTi III. C. 13.	49

fjod (even hundred and fixty-nine pounds, fixreen (hillings,

and two-pence, being the excefs of the medium produce of the

faid revenue for two years, ending the fifth day of "January, one

thousand feven hundred and eighty-feven, after deducing the

before mentioned fums of feven hundred pounds a week, and

one hundred and eleven thousand eight hundred fifty-one

pounds, three (hillings, and four-pence halfpenny a year; which

quarterly fums of thirty-eight thoufand fix hundred fwenty-fitf

pounds, eighteen (hillings, and ten-pence farthing, (hall, after

the demife of his prefent Majefty, be carried to and made part

of the fund to be called The Confolidated Fund.

LI. And whereas, by an aft of parliament, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majejly King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for talcing away the court of wards and liveries, Rrcital of 1% aod tenures in Capite, and by knights fervice, and purveyance, JjjJJ fondry4* and for fettling a revenue upon his Majefty in lieu thereof, and a&9 relative byfeveralfubfequent alls of parliament, certain duties of exeife; (that to the heredi* is to Jay), One /hilling and three-pence per barrel for beer or ale above tar7 duties of fix/billings the barrel (not being beer or ale commonly called Table clc^c*

Beer), brewed in that part of Great Britain called England, by the nrnmon brewer, or any other per/on or perfons who doth or Jball fell or tap out beer or ale publickly or privatelyr and fo proportionably for a greater or le/fer quantity $ three-pence per barrel for fix /billings beer or ale, or under, brewed in that part of Great Britain called England, by the common brewer, or any other perfon or perfons who doth or /ball fell or tap out /uch beer or ale publickly or privately, and ft proportionably for a greater or leffer quantity; three-pence three fsrthings hnd five twentieth parts of a farthing per barrel for fuch beer or ale above fix /billings the barrel (exclufive of the duty of ex-eife) and not exceeding eleven /billings (excluftve of fuch duty) com-manly called Table Beer, brewed as afore faid, and fo in proportion for any greater or lef/er quantity 5 three /billings per barrel for beer or ale imported into that part of Great Britain called England from beyond the /eas; one /hilling and three-pence per hog/bead for cyder or firry made and fold by retail in that part of Great Britain called England, and Jo proportionably for a greater or leffer meafure; fivi fallings per ton for cyder or perry imported into that part of Great* *

Britain called England from beyond the feas, and fo proportionably

fer a greater or leffer quantity; one halfpenny per gallon for metheglin

tr mad fold in that part of Great Britain called England ; one fb'tl-

liog and three-pence per hog/bead for verjuice made for fale within

that part of Great Britain called England ; fixpence per barrel for

vinegar, vinegar-beer, or liquors preparing for vinegar, brewed or

made within that part of Great Britain called England, for fale,

love been granted to the King's majefty, hit heirs and fucceffors, for

ever: and whereas the faid hereditary duties of exeife were, by an a ft

node he the firjl year of the reign of bis prefent Majejly, carried to, 1 Geo. 3. c« ty

onl made part of the aggregate fund, for and during the term of the

natural life cf his faid prefent Majefty 5 which duties are hereby re-

field, and other duties granted in lieu thereof: and whereas certain

other hereditary duties of exeife were alfo in like manner granted to

you XXXVI,	E	tH

Digitized by Gock *

ii Car. 2. c. 13.

9 Geo, c. 23..

Anno vlccfimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 13.'	£	1787;

the King's majejiy, A/i fo/rj <2/7// fuccejfors, for ever, by the faid aft of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second \ (that is to fay	One penny per gallon for Jlrong^ water,

or Aqua Vitae, made and fold in that part of Great Britain called England ; two-pence per gallon for fpirits made in that part of Great Britain called England, of any kind of wine or cyder imported into that part of Great Britain called England ; andfour-pence per gallon for ftrong waters, perfeftly made, imported into that part of Great Britain called England from beyond the feas \ and were afterwards, by another aft of parliament, made in the ninth year of his late Ma-jejiyy carried io> and made part of the aggregate fund, and a certain fum therein mentioned was by that aft direfted to be paid to bis faid late Majejiy, out of the aggregate fund, in lieu thereof 9 towards the fervice of his Majefly's houfehold and family, and other his expenses and occaftons: and whereas it is expedient to provide, that on the demife of his preftnt Majejiy (whom God long preferve)9 a fum of money Jhould, at the end of every quarter, bp Jet apart in the ex-chequer, equal to the fum which the whole of the faid hereditary duties of excife would amount to, to be applied to the like purpofes to which the fame would have been applicable if neither of the faid afts made in the ninth year of his faid late Majejiy, and in the fir ft year of the reign of his prejent Majejiy, nor this aft^ had been made; be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the commif-fioners of excife in England (hall compute the exad fums to which the whole of the faid hereditary duties of excife would amount, if the fame had not been repealed or altered by the faid the amount of a& made in the ninth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, d^tieVofex^ or by l^,s a#» and ^a^ tranfmit an account thereof, quarterly, cife to the ex- >nt0 the receipt of the exchequer; and the proper officers of the chequer,	faid receipt of exchequer are hereby direded to fet apart, out of

where the	the duties of excife by this ad impofed, at the end of every

?e°fetV8art <luarter> fr°m a°d immediately after the demife of Jiis prefent after his Ma- Majefty, fuch a fum of money as it (hall appear, by the faid ac-jefty’sdemife, count fo tranfmitted, the whole of the faid hereditary duties of and paid to excife would have amounted to, within fuch quarter refpe<5fcively„ his fucceffors. ancj t^e fame (hall be paid to the fucceffors of the King's majelly for ever hereafter, in lieu of the feveral rates, impofitions/dd-ties, and charges, which were direded to be paid to the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, by the before recited ad of the twelfth year of his late majefty King Charles the Second.

LIL And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. From May to, That all other publick monies, and all arrears of any the duties nL/paid?nto or revenue* repealed by this ad, and a!fo all cafual revenues the exche- (except fuch monies as (hall be repaid by any officer or officers quer, and not of his Majefty’s civil government, as the balance of fuch offi-otherwife ap- ccr’s account, or otherwife) which, after the tenth day of May% berried to° onc ^oufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, (hall arife and be paid into the receipt of the exchequer, not being particularly appropriated or appointed to any ufe or ufes, by any ad or ads of parliament made or to be made, (hall be carried to, and made part of, the faid fund to be called The Confolidated Fund.

LIII. Ani

Commiffion-ers of excife to tranfmit quarterly an account of

the confolidated fund.

4

Digitized by

Googk

IjS;.] Anno vk&fimo ftptirho GRoRGII III. c. 13.	51

LIU. And whereas fandry annuities were ejlablifhed and made Recital of payable at the receipt of his Majtftys exchequer, for lives and terms cf years, in purfuance offever al afts of parliament, made and paffed annuitiel^on in the fourth and ffth years of the rtign of King William and ^ueen lives or tcrrai Mary, of the twelfth year of the reign of King William the Third, of years; and of the fuond, third\ fourth, fifth, and fixth years of the reign of 4	a"d

J^v/«rAnne, and fiveral fubfequent and other afts of parliament, ^’w.andM. urtsis ports whereof were, in purfuance of an a 51 of the fixth year of c. 5.^1694. the reign of King George the Firjl, fubfcribed into the capital or n VV. j.c. xi* jointfiock of the South Sea company, and of which faid annuities for 17^6. lives and long terms there remained unredeemed, and payable at the * 3 1704. receipt of the exchequer, on the fifth day of January, one thoufand j’aml 4 Q^A. /even hundred and eighty feven, Jundry annuities, amounting together c. 4.1706. to ike annual fum of one hundred and forty-four thoufand fix hundred 4 Qi A. c. 6. and forty-nine pounds, four fhillings, and eight-pence, including the c charges for the falaries and allowances to the officers of the faid ex- f^g. * chequer, fir executing the bufmefs of the fiid annuities, befides which 6 Q. A. c. 5 & annuities there has been granted and made payable at the receipt of 11*1708. the exchequer, by an a5l of the fifth year of the reign of his prefent	4*

Mojefiy, the annual fum offive hundred and forty pounds for annui- g^4’ 49 *4 * tits on lives, with the benefit of furvivorjbip: and whereas, by the Annuities for o5Js of the eighteenth, nineteenth, and thirtieth years of the reign of with be-his late mojefiy King George the Second, and of the eighteenth ^ nineteenth years of the reign of bis prefent Majefiy, fundry annuities	l£cJ

were granted and made payable at the faid receipt of the exchequer 5401". per ann. for fengle lives, of which there were Jlanding out on the fifth day of 18 G. ». c. 9. January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, the fum of I®5'a,c'Ia* fixty-feven thoufand two hundred and ninety fix pounds, eleven Jhil- Jg q* 3. c*. ai* lings, and fcven-pence per annum: and whereas there remains due 19g! 3* c! 18* endowing to the governor and company of merchants of Great Bri- 67,4961. its. tain trading to the South Seas and other parts of America, com-	an.n#

vmly called The South Sea Company, the principal fum of twenty- SoutVsea C fix\r millions and fixty-five thoufand and eighty-four pounds, thirteen company, failings, and eleven-pence haljpenny, remaining unredeemed of their 44,065,084b original capital, and of the fubferiptions taken into their capital, pur- I39* nd* 2(i» juant to certain a5ls of parliament of the fifth and fixth years of the 7^,,9<sii*Ioa# rtign of King George the Firfl, the annual fums payable to the faid ,4‘011if 38# company, in rejpe5l of the fame, being the fum of feven hundred and ad* twenty-one thoufand nine hundred and fifty-two pounds, ten Jhillings, end nine-pence, for annuity, and the Jum of fourteen thoufand and twenty-two pounds, three Jhillings and two-pence, for charges of ma- Charges per nogement, amounting together to the fum of feven hundred and thirty- ann» 735>974h five thoufand nine hundred and feventy-four pounds, thirteen Jhillings, li8‘ J:ld* and eleven-pence per annum 5 and there is alfo due and owing to the nuities pu governor and company of the bank, of England the fum of four mil- chafed by the lions, pur chafed by them of the governor and company of merchants 0/bank,

Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other parts of Arne- 4,ooo,oool. rica, for which they are entitled to the annual fum of one hundred per ann! and twenty-one thoufand eight hundred and ninety-eight pounds, three 5 fallings, and five-pence: and whereas, in purfuance ofJundry a5ls of Debt to the parliament, there alfo remains due and owing to the faid governor and bank ot En2-

E-2	company'™*'

an*

ur-

Digitized by

Google

ST	rAftno	vicefimo	feptimo	Georgji III. c. 13. [1787*

7,686,8doI. company of the bank of England, the principal fum of feven millions fix hundred and eighty fix tboufand eight hundred pounds, for and an account of monies advanced at feveral times, in purfuance of fundry afts of parliament, for the benefit and ufe of the publicly for which *34,6041. per there is payable to them, in refpeft of the fame, the annual Jum of two Debt to the hundred and thirty four thoufand fix hundred and four pounds : and Eaft India whereas there likewi/e remains due and owing from the publick to the company, united company of merchants of England trading to the Eait Indies, 3**oo, oool. the principal fum of three millions two hundred thoufand pounds, being

1,000,oool. the amount of their capital flock, and the further Jum of one million, advanced by the faid company, purfuant to an aft of parliament of the 17 G. a. c. 17. fevent tenth year of the reign of his maiefiy King George the Second, for the fervice of the year one thoufandjeven hundred and forty four, making together the principal fum of four millions two hundred tboufand pounds, for which the faid company are entitled to the annuity of

116.0001.	one hundred and twenty-fix tboufand pounds, and to-the fum of one

1,6871.101.	thoufand fix hundred and eighty feven pounds, ten JbilUngs,for charges

per ann.	managmgnty	maHng	together	the	fum	of	one	hundred	and	twenty-

feven tboufand fix hundred and eighty-feven pounds, ten Jhillings per Three per annum: and whereas, in purfuance of an aft of parliament of the tfes^ranted	ltar	°f	re*gn jf King'Gtorge the Firft,	one million in

by anaft of annuities, after the rate ofthree pounds per centum, were granted* a» Geo. 1. and made payable and transferable at the bank of England, and c- *.	charged upon a deduction, not exceeding fixpence in the pound, out of

all payments from the crown, the pay of eommiffioned and non-com-mijfioned officers and private men, ftrving in the army and navy, ex-

30.0001.	cep ted, the annuity upon which Jatd one million amounts to thirty charges 4jol. tboufand pounds, and the charges of management, on the fifth day of per ann. January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, amounted to

the fum offour hundred and fifty pounds, making in the whole the fum Three per of thirty thoufand four hundred and fifty pounds per annum: and cent, annul* whereas, in purfuance of an aft of the twenty fourth year of the reign by^Geo. a. ef ^aU maJeJb. King George the Second, the fum of two millions c. a. * one hundred thoujand pounds was borrowed for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fifty-enr, videlicet, one million four hundred tboufand pounds by annuities at three pounds per centum per annum, and feven hundred thoufand pounds by a lottery, attended with the like three pounds per centum annuities, which were made payable and transferr able at the South Sea bostfe; which fum, by the it G. 3. c. 6%. redemption of one hundred and eighty thoufand four hundred pounds,

14	G. 3. c. 76. fubferibed in purfuance of certain afts of parliament of the twelfth,

15	G. 3.C. 41 * fourteenth, and fifteenth years of his prefent Majejly's reign, is re-1,919,600!. duced to the principal fum of one million nine hundred and nineteen

thoufand fix hundred pounds, and the annuity payable for the fame to fifty-feven thoufand five hundred and eighty-eight pounds per annum. Charges and the charges of management payable to the South Sea company9 58,0481. is.	from the fifth day of] anuary, one thoufandfeven hundred and eighty-

pd. per ann. fiven, to one thoujand and fixty pounds, one Jhilling and nine-pence, making in the whole the fum of fifty-tight thoujand fix hundred and Three per forty-eight pounds, one Jhilling, and nine-pence per annum: and cent, annui- whereas, by and in purfuance of two afts of par\iamenty made and

paffied



Digitized by

1787.3	Anno vicefimo (eptimo Georgii III. c. 13.	53

faffed in the twmty-fiftb and twenty-fixth years of the reign of his tfeiconfoli-

kte majtfiy King George the Seeondy fundry annuities, after the rate

of three pounds per centum, amounting to the principal fum of nine

millions one hundred thirty feven thoufand eight hundred and twenty- theincrrMcof

one pounds^ five fallings, and one penny farthingy were conjolidated that flock by

and made one capital or jointfiock of annuities y pay able and transfer rable fandry fubfe-

at the hank of England, in the manner in thefaid abis particularly j c*|-

ment/oned and dire&edy which faid capital or joint ftotky in purfuance a$ q.i. c 13!

of fevered fubfequent d&s of parliamenty hath been tncreafed to the

amount of one hundred and feven millions three hundred and ninety- 107,309,696!*

nine thoufandfix hundred and ninety fix pounds y five JhillingSy and one *•* ,cl*

penny fartbingy (exclufive of the fum of one million five hundred and (ii5»9>8251*)

twenty-nine thoufand eight hundred and twenty five poundsy redeemed

in purfuance of certain afts of parliament of the twelfthy fourteenth,

and fifteenth years of the reign of his prefent Majefiy) the annuity

whereupon amounts to the fum of three millions two hundred and

twenty-one thoufand nine hundred and ninety poundsy feventeen

fallingsy and nine-pencey and the charges of management, on the fifth 14 0.3. c. 63.

day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty fieveny amount- 14

ed to the fum cf forty eight thoufand two hundred and fixty pounds,

two JhillingSy and tbree-pence y making in the whole the fum of three \\%. 9’d.

millions two hundred and feventy thoufand two hundred and fifty-one 48,160!. is.

pounds per annum : and whertaSy by the faid a bis of the twenty fifth

and twentyfixtb years of the reign of his faid late maje/ly King	an"

George the Second, certain annul tie Sy which with the confent of the

proprietors of the fame were reduced from four pounds per centum,

to three pounds ten fallings per centum, and to three pounds per

centum, in purfuance of two abis of parliament of the twenty-third 13 G. 1. c. x.

year of the reign of his Jaid late Majefljy from the refpeblive times in & 2z-

the Jaid abis particularly mentionedy were alfo directed to be confoli-

dated into one capital or joint flock of annul tieSy payable and transfer-

rable at the faid bank of England, videlicet, the fum of fourteen 14,984,455!.

millions nine hundred and eighty-four thoufand four hundred and fifty-

five pound}, eighteen JhillingSy and four-pence, the amount of the firjllu *

fubfeription in purfuance of the firjl of the faid a bis of the twenty-

third year of the reign of his faid late Majefiy \ and the fum of two 1,716,867!.

millions feven hundred and fixteen thoufand eight hundred and fixty-	lub*

feven poundsy eighteen fbilllingSy the amount of the fubfeription in pur-

fiance of the feconi of the faid abtSy making together the principal fum

of feventeen millions feven hundred and one thoufand three hundred *7,701,313!.

arid twenty-three poundsy fixteen JhillingSy and’four-pence; which 4d. rt>

principal or capital flock ofannuities is diflinguijhed by the appellation

^Reduced Annuities, and haSy by the ath of the fifth and twenty- £ J2.

firjl years of the rfign of his frefint Majejiyy been increafed to the 21 G. 3. c. m.

fkm of thirty-feven millions three hundred and forty thou (and and ]ncvrM ^ 'f

fevety-three poundsy fixteen JhillingSy and four pe>:cey (exclufive cf ^’344°j°"3'

the fum of eight hundred and twenty-nine thoufand Jive hundred and X’9,5; !. \t-

fiftp poundsy redeemed by virtue of the before-mentioned atU of the thc-red.

twelfthy fourteenthy and fifteenth years of his prefent Majefiy s reigny)

the annuity whereupon amounts to the fum of one million one hundred 4jV 3 * aa!,ll~

and twenty thoufand two hundred and two poundsy four fallings, and

£ 3	(hut-

Digitized by VjOOQLC	^

54

Charges WT6.737I. os. lod. per ann.

Four per cent.

confoiidated

annuities,

*7 0. 3. c.46. aoG. 3.C. 16.

3H G. 3, c. 14. ai G. 3.C. 8. *3 G- 3. c. 35. and 14 G. 3. C. IO.

.*7»,75O,0O0l.

Annuity thereon and charges,

10s. per ann.

Five percent, annuities, a4G. 3- c. 39. %5 G* 3* c. 3*.

*7,869,9931. 98. iod. Annuity and charges per ann.

90i,54il. 3*-4d. aq.

Lopg annuities,

1 G. 3. c. 7. a G. 3. c. 10. aoQ. 3.C. 16. »a G. 3. c. 8. *3 G. 3.c. 35. Mp. 3. c. 10.

680,375!* 7,654!. 48- 4d. aq. per «tnp.

Annuities »'ranted by 17 Gto. 3 c. 46-

Anno vicefimo feptlmo Georgii III. C. 13. [1787;

threee-pence, W the charges of management amounted, ot ffo fifth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty fieven,	yz*-

thoufand feven hundred and thirty-feven pounds, tf/zd ten-pence* making in the whole the fum of one million one hundred and thirty fix thoufand nine hundred and thirty-nine pounds, five Jhillings* and one penny per annum: and whereas, by feveral afts of parliament of the Jeventeenth, twentieth, twenty fir ft, twenty-fecond, twenty-third* and twenty fourth years of his prefent Majefiy s reign* certain an-, nuities* after the rate of four pounds per centum, have been grant* edy and confoiidated into one capital or joint flock of four pounds per centum annuities, payable and transferrable at the faid bank of England, amounting in the whole to the principal fum of thirty-two mil-lions feven hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, the annuity whereupon amounts to the fum of one million three hundred and ten thoufand pounds, and the charges of management amounted* on the fifth day of January, one thoufand Jeven hundred and eighty-feven* to fourteen thoufand feven hundred and thirty feven pounds, ten Jhillings* making in the whole the fum of one million three hundred and twenty four thoufand feven hundred and thirty feven pounds, ten Jhillings per annum : and whereas, by certain a his of parliament, of the twenty-fourth and twenty fifth years of his faid prefent Maje/iy's reign* certain annuities* after the rate of five pounds per centum, have been sflablifhed* and made one capital or joint flock of five pounds per centum annuities* payable and transferrable at the bank of England, amounting in the whole to the fum of jeventeen millions eight hundred and fixty-nine thoujand nine hundred and ninety-three pounds* nine Jhillings; and ten- pence; which faid annuities were granted to fatisfy certain navy, viilualling* and tranfport bills, and ordnance debentures ; the annuity whereupon amounts to eight hundred and ninety-three thoufand four hundred and ninety-nine pounds* thirteen fbillingSy and five-pence halfpenny? and the charges of management amounted, on the fifth day of January, one thoujand feven hundred and eighty-feven y to eight thoufand and forty-one poundsy nine Jhillings* and eleven pern By making in the whole the fum of nine hundred and one thoufand five hundred and forty-one poundsy three Jhillings* and four-pence halfpenny per annum : and whereas, by fever al afts of parliament, of the firjl,fecond* twentieth, twenty-fetond, twenty-third* and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his prefent Majefiy* fundry annuities v^ere granted, for the terms of ninety nine* ninety-eight* eighty, feventy-eight, andfeventy feven years* and of feventy five years and fix months* which Jeveral annuities have* in purfuante of jeveral afts of parliament of the fourth* twentieth* twenty-J'econd* twenty-third* and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his faid Majefiy* been confoiidated and made one joint flock of annuities, payable and transferrable at the faid bank of England, under the denomination of Long Annuities, and amount together to the annual fum of fix hundred end eighty thoufand three hundred and feventy-five pounds* exclufve of the fum of Jeven thoufand fix hundred and fifty-four pounds* four findings, and four-pence halfpenny per annum, pa)able to the bank of England for management of the fame: and whereas* by an aft of the fevcntccntb year cf the reign of his prefent Majefiy, an annuity* after r	.	•;	’ the

Digitized by CjOO^Ic

55

lyjfy*! Anno vicefimo feptimo GeoRGII III. c. 13.

the rate of ten fallings per centum, was granted to the fubfcribers cf five millions borrowed for the fervice of the year one thoujand feven hundred end feven tyfevert, to have continuance for ten years, from the fifth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fevent and then to teafe, which annuities were made payable and transferr able at the bank of England, and amount to twenty-five thoufand pounds »5*oooI. per per annum, exclufive of the annual fum of two hundred and eighty-one JSj]9 . funds, five fallings, payable to the faid bank of England for the $$.	1	*

(barges of management of the fame: and whereas, by certain arts of Annuities the eighteenth and nineteenth yean of the reign of his prefent Ma- granted by jeflyy certain annuities were granted for the terms of thirty and twen-	and

ty-nine years, which, by the faid act of the nineteenth year of his faid	Qeo. j.

Majeftfs reign, were directed to be confolidated and made one capital c.»». & c. 18. er joint flock of annuities, payable and transferrable at the bank of *°r 30 and 29 England, and amounting together to the fum of four hundred and y*ar®* j fm thoufand three hundred and thirty-one pounds, eight fallings, and per anni fat'pme per annum, exclufive of the annual fum of four thoufand Charge* fw hundred and forty-eight pounds, fourteen fallings, andfixpence 4.548*. 14** halfpenny, payable to the bank of England for management of the 2<h fame: in order therefore to fecure the regular, certain, and pun final ftjmtntof the before‘mentioned fever al annuities, and the expenses . attending the fame, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That, From July j, (torn and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hun- ** ?7* *U a*V dred and eighfy-feven, all the leveral and refpedtive annuities "barges due hert/n-before particularly mentioned and deferibed, and all the from the pub-charges and expences attending the fame, (hall be charged and lick, to be chargeable upon, and be paid and payable out of, all or any of pavableontof the taxes, duties, and revenues, compofing the fund created by this a & to be called The Confolidated Fund 5 and that the faid con-Validated fund (hall from thenceforth be charged and chargeable with, and fubjedfc and liable to, the payment of the fame, in kb order and manner as is herein-after particularly directed ;

(that is to fay). That all the feveral and refpedhve annuities for Annuities for liter or long terms, payable at the receipt of his Majefty’s ex- lives or long chequer, granted and eftablifhed by virtue of all or any adt or ^le'at^he" f ads of parliament herein-beforc recited, or by virtue of any adt exchequer, to ,j wads granting fuch annuities out of any publick funds, tax, be paid out of ?\ duty, or revenue, and made payable there, in refpedt of any the faid fund, \ fum or fums of money advanced and paid by any perfon or per-

fans, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, in pur- the man. I faance of any adt or adts of parliament, for the ufe and fervice ner, as here-I of the publick, (hall, from thenceforth, ,be paid and fatisfied by totore. and out of all or any the taxes, duties, and revenues compofing the faid confolidated fund (except as herein-after excepted) at j the fame time and times, and in the fame and like manner, as • the fame annuities have been ufually paid and payable.

L1V. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

,! That out of all or any the taxes, duties, and revenues, com- Out of the J poling the faid fund, except as herein-after excepted, there (hall fa,(*tun^19 next beiflued, paid, or fet apart, in equal fums each quarter, nfued °quar-ihc feveral fums due in refpedt of the annuities and charges fol- teriv, the an-



lowing; nuitiesdue to

Digitized by

e

5<>^	Anno	vJceGmo	feptimo GeoRGII III. C. 13J [1787

the South Sea lowing; (that is to fay), Firft, the whole of the fums due fa the'oank * and l^e annu^y> charges, and allowances, payable to the South St to^heEafUm company, as well in refpedt of their capital ftock, as of tubfcripfi diacompany, tions into their capita), purfuant to the adts of the fifth and fixt years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, r< maining unredeemed, amounting in the whole to the princip; fum of twenty-four millions Jixty-five thoufand and eighty-fot pounds, eighteen (hillings, and eleven-pence halfpenny; nex| the'whole of the fum due for the annuity, charges, and allow ances, payable to the governor and company of the bank England in refpect of the fum of four millions, purchafed b; them of the South Sea company as aforefaid, as well as in refpef of the aforementioned fum oPfeven millions fix hundred eighty! fix thoufand eight hundred pounds, advanced by them, in pur* fuance of feveral adts of parliament, for the ufe of the publieke and next the whole of the fum due for the annuity, charges, anl allowances, payable to the united company or merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indies, in refpedt of the capital oj joint (lock of three millions two hundred thoufand pounds, well as of the principal fum of one million, advanced by the faid company in purfuance of an act of the feventeenth year of the reign of his faid late majefty King George the Second. Enumeration	J,V. And whereas it appears, that the payment of the three peunis

of the average per centum confolidated annuities, of the four pounds per centum produce of confolidated annuities, of the annuities granted for terms of yearly the duties ap- which will expire in the year of our Lord one thoufand eight hundred propriated and eighty and one thoufand eight hundred and fixty; the annuities towards pay- for hViSy which were granted purfuant to adts of the eighteenth and percent coo- ninetein(h >'iars of his prefent Majefty; and the five pounds per cen-folidattd an- tum annuitiesy fubferibed for the navy and ordnance debt, are fecured nuities, &c. partly on the finking fund, and partly on certain duties appropriated to fatisfy andpay the fame; the amount of which appropriated duties * appears to have been, on an average, as follows \ videlicet, on tkt 499*671!. 58. fifth day of January, four hundred and ninety-nine thoufand fix bun-yd. 3q.	ang fiventy-one poundSy five Jhillings and fevcn~perite three far-

thingSy applicable to the payment of the three pounds per centum con* 3,187!. 9s. 3d. folid'jted annuities, three thoufand two hundred and eighty feven a<l*	poundiy nine /hillings, and three-pence balfpennyy to the abovemen*

411,104!. 138. tioned annuities for lively and two hundred and twenty one thoufand $d.	two hundred and four poundiy thirteen /billings and nine pence, to the

above mentioned five pounds per centuih annuities; on the fifth day 360,4711. i8s. of April, three hundred and fixty thoufand four hundred and J event}-yd. iq. one p0UVJ^ eighteen /hillings, and feven-pence halfpenny, applicable to 114.940). a*, the payment of the four pounds per centum confolidated annuities; one 6d. iq. hundred and fourteen thoufand nine hundred and forty poundiy two 147,341!. 16s. filings, and fixpence farthing, and one hundred ana fortyftven then* 3 ;	find three hundred and forty two pounds,fixt een /hillings, and three*

pence, to tl e payment refpeflivtly of the annuities for terms of years, which ivlll expire in the years of our Lord one thoufand eight hundred 468 579I. 19. €l^ht, and one thoufand eight hundred and fixty; on the fifth day id.	of Ju*y, four hundred and fixty-eight thoufand five hundred and

Digitized by

Google

17S7] Anno vicefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 13.

bunty-nine pounds, cne /billings and one penny, applicable to the pay-mt of the three pounds per centum confolidated annuities, two thou-knd eight hundred pounds to the above-mentioned annuities for lives, pti two hundred and fix teen thoufand five hundred and forty-fix hands, and two-pence farthings to the above-mentioned five pounds per centum annuities; on the tenth day of O&ober, four hundred end ferty feven thoufand eight hundred and twenty-two pounds, three fittings, and five-pence, applicable to the payment of the four pounds per centum confolidated annuities, and one hundred and fixty-eight tbcofsnd feven hundred and eighty-four pounds, ten Jhillings, and one IfiRffF farthing, and cne hundred and ninety thoufand and fixty-nine fssmds, fifteen /billings, and three-pence three farthings, applicable u the payment refpe&ively of the annuities for terms of years, which fviil expire in the years of our Lord one thoufand eight hundred and eight, and one thoufand eight hundred and fixty: in order, therefore, Ufeatre (if nectffary) the appropriation of feparaie fums, equal to the average produce of the faid duties, in the feveral quarters refpe£lively, f;r therefpe&ive purpofes before mentioned, be it enabled. That before any fum or fums are iffiied, at the end of each quarter, out of any of the taxes, duties, or revenues, competing the faid fund, to be called The Confolidated Fund, there (hall be fet apart, by the proper officer of the exchequer, at the expiration of the quarter ending the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, and in every fubfequent year, (except as herein-xftcr is provided), the fum of fix hundred and eighty-feven thoufand nine hundred and twenty-five pounds, one (hii-liog, and three-pence farthing, which (hall be ifiued to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be paid and diflributed by them as follows; videlicet, the fum of four hundred and fixty-eight thoufand five hundred and feventy-nine pounds, one (hilling, and one penny, towards the payment of three pounds per centum confolidated annuities ; and two thou-find eight hundred pounds, towards the payment of the before-mentioned annuities on lives; and two hundred and fixteen thoufand live hundred and forty-fix pounds, and two-pence farthing, towards the payment of the before-mentioned five pounds firunlum annuities: and that there (hall be fet apart and ifiued in like manner, at the expiration of the quarter ending the tenth day of Oftober, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, and in every fubfequent year, except as herein-after is provided, the fum of eight hundred and fix thoufand fix hundred and fe-vemy-flx pounds, eight (hillings, and ten-pence, to be paid and flflnbutcd as follows; videlicet, the fum of four hundred and fcty-leven thoufand eight hundred and twenty-two pounds, three (hillings, and five-pence, towards the payment of four pounds per centum confolidated annuities; one hundred and fix-I ty-eight thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four pounds, ten (hillings, and one penny farthing, towards the payment of annuities which will expire in one thoufand eight hundred and eight; and one hundred and ninety thoufand and fixty-nine pounds, fifteen (hillings, and three-pence three farthings, to-

^ wvards

Digitized by vjOCK^IC

57

a,8col. •

116,5461. 09. id. iq.

447»8lll. 39.

168,7841. 109. od. iq.

190,069!. 159, 3d. 3q.

Before iffuing any money out of the Confolidated Fund at the end of each quarter, there is to be fet apart the fums herein fpeci-fied towards payment of the 3percent, confolidated annuities,&c. which is to be paid to the bank, to be -diftributed as herein fpe-cified;

5 July. 1787.

468,579!. 18. id.3 percent, confolidated annuities. i,8ool. annuities on lives. 216,5461. os. id. iq. 5 per cent, annuities.

10 0(51. 1787.

447>8nl. 33. 5d. 4 per cent, confolidated annuities.

168,7841.109.

id.iq.annuities to expire in 1808. 190,069}. 15s. 3d. 3<p annui-

/

58

ties to expire in i860.

5 Jan. 1788.

499»*7il* 5«-7d. 3q. 3 per cent, confoli-dated annuities.

3,187!- 9®* 3<*. aq. annuities for lives. 311,1041* 138. 9d. 5 per cent, annuities*

$ April, 1788,

360,47 «1.18s.

7d. aq. 4 per cent, confoli-dated annuities.

114,940!. is.

6d. iq. annuities expiring in 1808. I47,34il. t6s. 3d. annuities cxpirtngx86o.

and all other fums due quarterly for annuities,&c. to be paid out of the confo-lidatcd fund.

Anno vicefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 13. [r 7S7.

wards the payment of annuities which will expire in one thou-fand eight hundred and fixty: and that there (hall be fet apart and iflued in like manner, at the expiration of the quarter ending/ the fifth day of January one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, and in every fubfequent year, except as hereinafter provided, the fum of feven hundred and twenty-four thoufand one hundred and fixty-three pounds, eight (hillings, pnd eight-pence farthing, to be diftributed as follows; videlicet, four hundred and ninety-nine thoufand fix hundred and feventy-one pounds, five (hillings, and feven-pence three farthings, towards the payment of three pounds per centum confolidated annuities; three thoufand two hundred and eighty-feven pounds, nine (hillings, and three-pence halfpenny, towards the payment of the before mentioned annuities for lives5 and two hundred and twenty-one thoufand two hundred and four pounds, thirteen (hillings, and nine-pence, towards the payment of the before-mentioned five pounds per centum annuities: and at the expiration of the quarter ending the fifth day of Aprils one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, and in every fubfequent year, (except as herein-after provided), the fum of fix hundred and twenty-two thoufand feven hundred and fifty-four pounds, fe-venteen (hillings, and four-pence three farthings, to be paid and diftributed as follows; videlicet, the fum of three hundred and fixty thoufand four hundred and feventy-one pounds, eighteen lhillings, and feven-pence halfpenny, towards the payment of four pounds per centum confolidated annuities; one hundred and fourteen thoufand nine hundred and forty pounds, two (hillings, and fixpence farthing, towards the payment of annuities which will expire in one thoufand eight hundred and eight; and one hundred and forty-feven thoufand three hundred and forty-two pounds, iixteen (hillings, and three-pence, towards the payment of annuities which will expire in one thoufand eight hundred and fixty: and that all other fums which (hall be due and payable at the end of each quarter, in refpect of any of the faid annuities, or the charges thereof, over and above the fums directed to be particularly let apart and appropriated according to the averages of duties heretofore fpecifically appropriated as aforefaid, and alfo all fums which (hall be due and payable at the end of each quarter in refped of any of the annuities or charges thereof, the payment of which is now fecured on the fund commonly called "the Sinking Fund, (hall be refpedtively iflued, paid, and fet apart, out of all or any the taxes, revenues, and duties compofing the faid fund to be called The Confolidated Fund, at the times when the faid fums (hall refpetftively become due, without any preference or priority, next after the fums herein-before dire&ed to be iflued, paid, and fet apart for fatis-fying the fums feverally due quarterly to the proprietors of annuities for lives or long terms, payable at the receipt of the exchequer, to the South Sea company, to the governor and company of the bank of England, and to the united company of merchants of England trading 10 the Eajl Indies,

LVI. PrQ-

Digitized by Google

T7®7*1 Anno vicefimo feptimo GeoRGII III. C. 13.	59

LVI. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That, From July s» from and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hun- *7*7• the drcdandeighty-feven, inftead of fetting apart and appropriating Jicfor the$t fuch Turns at the end of each quarter, to be feparately and re- percent, an-fpedively applied as herein-before direded, according to the nuitiei, 8cc. averages of the duties heretofore fpecifically appropriated as maT»with thc afordaid, the whole of the monies which (hall become due and ^oprkton^ payable for the before-mentioned three pounds per centum con- {£ ^C(j fobditcd annuities, the four pounds per centum consolidated an- of the confo-nuiues, the annuities for terms of years which will expire in lidatcdfund; the years of our Lord one thoufand eight hundred and eight, and one thoufand eight hundred and fixty, the annuities for lives which were granted purfuant to the ads of the eighteenth and nineteenth year9 of his prefent Majefty, and the before-mentioned five pounds per centum annuities, (hall, at the end of each quarter, with the confent of the proprietors of the faid funds, be ifiued, paid, or fet apart, out of all or any of the taxes, duties, or revenues compofing the faid fund, in the fame manner as is herein lad before direded with refped to fuch fums as may be due and payable at the end of each quarter, in refped of any of the faid annuities, or the charges thereof, over and above the fums which may be particularly let apart and appropriated as aforefaid, fo long as the fame (hall continue to be fo fet apart and appropriated by virtue of this ad.

LVIL Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That unlefs and unlefsa any one or more of the proprietors of any of the faid recited ^[°ijricto^ annuities (hall have, previoufiy to the firft day of June, one JJ-® thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, fignified his diflent, thereto to the to the governor and company of the bank of England, in writ- bankbyjunei, ing, in a book to be kept for that purpofe, he or they (hall be hc deemed to have confented, and all the faid monies (hall be have^on-ifiued, paid, and fet apart, as herein laft before direded.	fented.

LVI1I. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That if at any future day or time, at which any annuity or an- Wheneverthe nuities (hall become due and payable, the produce of the feveral Jonf°]jdated duties compofing the faid fund, called The Confolidated Fund, [nfUffidentto ethbiilhed by this ad, (hall not be fufficient to anfwer and pay pay the anal! the annuities and other charges that (hall become due and nuities, &c. payable on any quarterly or other day of payment, the commif- the treafury lioners of his Majefty’s treafury now being, or any three or 2^ ^edefi-morc of them, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of ciency out of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, (hall, and the fuppliee in every fuch cafe are hereby authorized, impowered, and re- for that year, quired, out of any money which (hall then be remaining in the receipt of the exchequer, of aids or fupplies that (hall have been o?anyCfuture granted to his Majefty for the fervice of the year in which fuch furpius of the deficiency (hall happen, to apply fuch fum and fums of money faid fund, as (hall be fufficient fully and completely to anfwer and make good fuch deficiency, fo that the publick creditor may by no means whatfoever be difappointed of receiving his whole annuity nr demand on the publick; and all fuch fum and fums of mo-

■

6o	Anno vicefimo feptimo Georgh III. c. i$. [17S7;

ney, fo iflued out of any of the faid aids or fupplies, for the purpofes aforefaid, (hall be replaced to the fervice or fervices to which the fame may have been appropriated by parliament, out of the next or any future quarter’s furplus of the income of the duties and revenues compofmg the faid confolidated fund ; any adt or adts of parliament, or any claufe of claufes contained in any adt or adts of parliament, for the application of the furplus of the faid fund, to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding; and the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury now being, or ,	any three or more of them, or the high treafurer, or any three

or more of the commiflloners of the treafury for the time being, are hereby dire&ed, authorized, and required, to caufe the fame to be iflued and applied accordingly; and the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury now being, or the high treafurer, or com-miflioners of the treafury, for the time being, without any fur* tber or other warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, (hall and may, from time to time, caufe to be iflued at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, the fev«ral*and refpedtive annuities, and other fums, payable out of the taxes, duties, and revenues compoiing the faid fund, or out of monies applicable to the fupplies of the year, in the manner and at the times by this adt diredted.

LIX. And whereas, by an aft of the laji fejfion of parliament, %6 Geo. 3, intituled, An adt fot vetting certain fums in commiffioners, at c* recitc«» the end of every quarter of a year, to be by them applied to the redudtion of the national debt, it was provided, that the fum of two hundred and fifty thoufand pounds /ball, at the end of each quarter , ending the fijth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of Odtober, refpeftively, in every year* be ijfued or fet opart* at his Majefty's receipt of exchequer* for the purpoje and in the manner by the faid aft direfted; and further provifions were made in the faid aft for the application* as well of the faid fum vf two hundred and fifty thoufand pounds* as of other fums dire ft ed to be placed from time to time to the account of the faid commiffioners; be it therefore further enadted by the authority aforelaid, That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, the fum of two hundred and fifty thoufand pounds (hall be fet apart, out of the taxes, duties, and revenues compofmg the confolidated fund created by this adt, at the fame times, and in the fame manner, and fct apart at the fubjedt to the like regulations and provifions as the fame was quarterlyf to diredted by the faid adt to be iflued or fet apart out of the fur-be fet apart piaffes, exceffes, and overplus monies, compofmg the finking out of the fund ; and that all the fums due in refpedt of fuch principal or confolidated capital flock of publick annuities as (hall be redeemed by virtue provifions of*	^ anc*	a*e thereby dire died to be transferred

that.adr to to the account of the faid commiffioners, and alfo in refpedt of continue in any annuities, the terms of which (hall have expired, and the tpree.	monies now payable thereupon, which are likewife by the faid

adt diredted to be placed to the account of the faid commiffioners, (hall be iflued or fet apart out of the taxes, duties, or revenues,

Digitized by Google

and from Jti It 5. *787, tbc fum of 9 50,0001. thereby directed to be

1787*] Anno vicefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 13.	6$

venues, compofing the faid fund created by this all, in the fame manner as if fuch principal or capital (lock of publick annuities had not been redeemed, or as if the terms of fuch annuities re* fpe&ively had not expired; and that all other regulations and provifions contained in the faid alt (hall remain and be in full force, as if the fame were repeated and re-ena&ed in this alt.

LX. Ad whereas, in pursuance of fundry atts of parliament of Recital of *Aa the fourth and fifth years of the reign of King William and Queen under which Mary, end if the eighteenth, nineteenth, and thirtieth years of the {^n^t apart rag* if his late majefiy King George the Second, and feveral other for payment 6ndfubfequent alts of parliament, certain fums of money are referved of life anniit-cndfet apart, at the receipt of the exchequer, for the payment of an- hcs which cities on lives payable there: and whereas it appears that the fum of	****

thirty four tboufand eight hundred and ninety-two pounds, and feven- 4 yy. Sc M. pence, was remaining, on the fifth day of January, one tboufand feven c. 3.' hundred and eighty -feven, in the faid receipt of exchequer, unde- 5 W. & M» mended and unclaimed, but no certificates of the deaths of the refpec-	*°*

the per fins for whom the fame had been referved, have been returned \9oto.%x.Xi into the exchequer, notifying the deaths of the nominees, according to 30Gc0.vc.19! the direftions contained in the feveral alls of parliament for granting 34.891l.03.7d. fith annuities on lives : and whereas, from the length of time the faid »^the exche-1muities have remained unclaimed, there is great reafon to conclude jjgy. • # * that the nominees for wbofe lives the fame were granted, or the greater port of them, are dead; be it therefore enalted by the authority aforefaid. That all fuch fum and fums of money as (hall or may From May to, remain in the faid receipt of the exchequer, on the fifth day of 1787* ad mo-January, one tboufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, which nies referved hath or have "been referved for the payment of any annuity or ^annuWes annuities for life or lives, granted as aforefaid, which hath or on lives which hate not been claimed for the fpace of three years antecedent to (hall not have the (aid fifth day of January, (hall, on or before the tenth day been claimed of May, one tboufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, be paid p^ortdjan*™ to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be 17*7,or which placed to the account of the commiffioners appointed, purfuan* (hall thcreaf* totheabovementioned aH of the laft fclfion of parliament, for tfr.no^ tefting certain fums in commiflioners, at the end of every quar-ter of a year, to be by them applied to the redultion of the na- to be placed tiooal debt; and that, from and after the fifth day of January, to the account one tboufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, any and every com" annuity payable at the receipt of the exchequer for terms of	tte

Jrves, which annuity (hall not have been claimed or demanded national debt, for the fpace of three years, (hall be deemed and taken to have expired, and the money due or to become due in refpell of the fame (hall be paid over to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be applied for the purpofes direlted by the afore-mentioned all, towards the redullion of the national debt5 sod the officers of the exchequer are hereby direlled and re- The exche-qoired, on or before the fifth day oi-April, in every year, to quer to tranf-makeup and tranfmit to the commiflioners of the treasury, or ^^1^1^ the lord high treafurer, for the time being, an account or cer- account of ao-uir-ttcof the tuns fallen in by deaths, including fuch unclaimed nuities fallen

,t	fums	in by death,

Digitized by Google

61	Anno	vicclimo	fcptimo	Gborgii	ITI.	c.	13.	[	1787*

or unclaimed Aims as aforefaid; and the faid commiflioners of the treafory, for three or any three or more of them, now being, or the lord high trea-years, to the furcr or commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, are a^e to^aufe hereby authorized, impowered, and required, as often as fuch the fame to life annuities (hall fall in, or any annuities for terms of years, be placed to payable at the faid receipt of exchequer or the bank of England, the account granted by any adt or adts of parliament whatfoever, for pay-edmmiffion- mcnt °f annuities for lives or terms of years, (hall determine, era. " purfuant to the directions contained therein, to caufe fuch annuity or annuities to be paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, purfuant to the true intent and meaning of this prefent adt, and of the afore-mentioned adt of the laft feflion of parliament, for veiling certain fums in comrtiiffioners, at the end of every quarter of a year, to be by them applied to the redudlion of the national debt.

LXI. Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority If any claim- aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any future time ants of annui- appear, and demand any annuity fo paid to the governor and priated*£ mild comPanY °f lhe bank of England, as aforefaid, to which fuch thereafter ap- perfon or perfons is or are, or would have been, entitled, if this pear, they are adt had not been palled, fuch fum or fums of money as lhall to be paid out appear to be due and owing to him, her, or them, lhall be im-°f ^hcaWefor mC(Aately Paid, 0411 °f anY money remaining in the receipt of the payment exchequer, that may be applied for the payment of any annui-of annuities, ties on lives, or for any other annuities payable there.

LXII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, All claufes That all and every the claufes and provifoes contained in any aonta[ncdf<in8 a<^ or a<^s Parl*amcnt> whether thofe relating to the feveral any a its re- aR^ refpedtive annuities and other charges aforementioned, lating to the which were made payable and transferrable at the bank of Eng-publick debt, fond, or to fuch annuities and other fums as are payable to the aUered*1 tin Arid g°vcrnor an<l company of the bank of England in their own continue in right* in refpedt of any fum or fums of money advanced by them force.	for the ufe of the publick, or otherwife, or to the annuities

payable to the faid company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other parts of America, or to the united company of merchants trading to the Eajl Indies, or to the feveral and refpedlive annuities for lives or terms of years, payable at the exchequer, and the charges and expences attending the fame, (hall be and remain in full force and effedt, as well with refpedt to the notices and priorities of redemption of the faid feveral annuities, as to the expences and charges of management attending the fame, in all matters and things whatfoever^ where the fame lhall not have been altered by this adt, or other provifion made in lieu thereof, as fully as if the fame had beea repeated and re-enadted in this adt.

LXIII. And whereas* by the directions contained in this a&9 tbt feveral taxes, fubfedies, revenues, and incomes, compofmg the aggregate fund, will in future become a part or parts of the fund, created by this att% to be called The Confolidated Fund ; and it is there-fort necejfary to make provifion, in the firjl place, for tbt regular

Digitized by

Google

1787.] Anno vicefimo feptimo GeorGII III. c. 13.	6}

and punctual payment of the feveral annuities and charges made upon9 and payable out of the faid aggregate fund, by an aft of parliament made and pcjfed in the firjl year of bis prefent Majejly's reign, in-tituled, An ad for the (upport of his Majefty’s houfehold, and 1 Geo. 3.0.1. of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain % and by one ether eft of the feventeenth year of his faid Majejly's reign, and intituled, An ad for the better fupport of his Majefty's houfe- 17 Geo. 3. bold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Bri- c*xX# recRcd; tain; be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That and the the re/pedive annuities or annual rents or charges of eight hun- S00*000!* aod dred thoufand pounds, and one hundred thoufand pounds, Jwc^thoX" made payable out of the faid aggregate fund, purfuant to the ads out of faid ads, (hall, front and after the tenth day of May, one thou- the aggregate (and feven hundred and eighty-feven, be charged and charge- hmd. is, from able upon, and (hall be paid and payable out of, all or any of ^ be payout the dunes, revenues, and incomes, compofing the faid confoli- of theconfo-dated fund, in the fame manner as the fame were direded to be lidated fund, and have been paid before the palling of this ad; and that all and ad t,x5 the rules, authorities, directions, powers, provifions, referva- th^n’eon-tions, matters, and things, contained in the faid ads of the firft tained to Gotland feventeenth years of the reign of his faid prefent Majefty, tinue in force, (hall continue and be preferved, as well in refped to the ifluing out of the (aid confolidated fund any fum or Turns of money, in advance or otherwife, for the ufes of his Majefty’s civil government, fo that the whole of the payments to be made in or for any one quarter do not exceed the fourth part of the amount of the anaual fums granted by the faid ads of the firft and feventeenth years of his Majefty’s reigri, to and for the ufe of his Majefty’s civil government, as in all other cafes whatfoever, as fully and effedually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were herein repeated and re-enaded in this prefent ad; any ad or ads of parliament, or any claufe or claufes in any ad or ads of parliament, to the contrary thereof in anywife notwith-ftanding.

LXIV. And whereas, by an aft paffed in the eighteenth year $/* Recital of ads the reign of bis late majefty King Charles the Second, intituled, An relative to the ad for encouraging of coinage, certain duties were granted to bis ^Car.s.c.5* Majefty upon wines and other articles imported, to be paid into the receipt of the exchequer, and to be applied to the defraying the charges end expends of the mint, and of the ajfaying, melting down, wa/le, end coinage of gold and filver, and for other purpofes in the faid aft mentioned; which monies were to be ijfued by order or warrant of the high treafurer, under treafurer, or commifftonere of the treafury, for the time being, for the purpofes in the faid aft dirtfted: and whereas the duties upon wines, granted by the faid aft, have been continued by various fubfequent afts, and were made perpetual by an a ft of the ninth year of bis prefent Majejly: and whereas the faid duties on wines are by this prefent aft done away and repealed, and other duties are granted in lieu thereof: and whereas, by an aft of the twenty- %y Geo. s* feventhyear of his late majejly King George the Second, the lord high c* treafurer, orsommiffmers of the treafury, or any three or more of

them

From May xo, 1787, the treafury may order iVoqoI. to be ilfued annually for the purpofes of 27 Geo. 2.

C. 21.

$44	Anno	vicefimo	feptlmo	GeoRGH	III.	c.	13.	[“1787.

them for the time beings are impowered and dir efted to taufe fo much ' money, out of the publish fupplies granted or to be granted by parliament, to be applied as Jhall be neceffary, for defraying the expences of the minti in England and Scotland refpeftively, by way of imprefl% and upon account for that fervice, fo as the fame, together with the coinage duties before mentioned, do not exceed, in any one year, tbe funs of fifteen thoufand pounds, and fo as the find money be iffued out of the receipt of his Majejly* s exchequer, to the majler of the mint in England, and to the mafier >of the mint in Scotland* refpeftively, for the pwrpofes provided by the aft of the eighteenth year of his late majejly King Charles the Second; which duties have never, in any one year, amounted to the film of fifteen thoufand pounds above mentioned: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid. That* from and after the tenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, it (hall and may be lawful for the lord high treafurer, or the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, to iflue from time to time his or their order or warrant to the proper officer or officers of the exchequer, for payment of any fuch fu\p or fums of money as to him or them (hall re-fpediveJy appear proper and right, out of any of the duties of cuftoms impofed by this ad, to be applied to the ufes and purpofes of the faid laft-recited ad, provided the fums do not exceed, in any one year, the fum of fifteen thoufand pounds.

LX V. And whereas by an aft, made and pojfed in the feventb year ^Geo.j.c.jS. of the reign of bis prefent Majejly, intituled, An ad for granting to his Majefty additional duties on certain foreign linens imported into this kingdom, and for eftablifhing a fund for the encouraging of the raifing and dreffing of hemp and flax, feveral additional rates and duties were impofed on the following goods; (that is to fay). On all foreign linen commonly called Packing Canvas, Spruce, Elbing, or <^een(borough Canvas $ all foreion linen commonly called Dutch Barras, and Heflin Canvas; and all foreign lawn bleached in Holland, commonly called Holland whited Lawn; and the monies arifing by tbe feveral rates and duties therein granted (except the necejfary charges of raifing, collefting, recovering, and paying tbe fame) were dire ft ed by tbe faid recited aft to be paid into the receipt of his Majefly's exchequer', diflinftly and apart from all other branches of the publish revenue \ and a fum, not exceeding fifteen thoufand pounds per annum, was direfted to be kept apart in tbe faid receipt, as a fund for the encouragement of raifing and drtft fing hemp and flax in this kingdom, in fuch way and manner as the parliament Jhould thereafter dire ft; and the remainder of tbe faid duties was, by the fetid recited aft, direfted to be referved in the laid receipt for tbe future difpofition of parliament; which duties have never, in any one year, amounted to the fum of fifteen thoufand founds above-mentioned, but, upon a medium of nineteen years, computed from the fifth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-eight, being the year after they took place, the fum of fix thou-. t	jand three hundred and thirty-five pounds, fifteen Jhillings, is taken

to be tbe average amount of the annual produce thereof: and whereas frovifm woe made for appropriating tbe faid fund by three fubfe-

quent

^	Digitized	by	Google

*7^7*3 Anno vicefimo feptimo Gkoroii III. c. ij.	65

qua* aftsy made in the tenths twenty fifty and twentyfixth years of bis prefent Majefiy \ and whereas the duties impcftd by the firft re-cited aft if the Jeventb year of bis prefent Majefiy, are by this pre-fens aft dune away, and other duties are granted in lieu thereof: be it further enatfed by the authority aforefaid, That, from and From May xo, after the tenth day of May9 one thoufand (even hundred and ,7*7»f,3?51* eighty-Zeren, the fum of fix thoufand three hundred and thirty- dually Set fire pounds, fifteen (hillings, (hall, at the end of each year, be apart at the fet apart in the receipt ot his Majefty’s exchequer, out of the exchequer for dories of cuftoms impofed by this a<ft, as a fund for the encou- encourage-ragementof railing and drefling hemp and flax in this kingdom, hJg^em^and to be applied to (uch ufes and purpofes, and in fuch way and flax, See! manner, as is diredted and provided by the faid adts of the tenth, twenty-firft, and twenty-fixth years of his prefent Ma-

n.

XVI. And whereas, by an aft pojfed in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of bis late majejly King George the Second, intituled, An 3* Geo. s. aA for augmenting the falaries of the puifne judges in the court o^cruSt of King’s bench, the judges in the court of common pleas, the rcial*ITC to barons of the coif in the court of exchequer at Wefiminfier, the the augmen-

judges in the court of feflion and exchequer in Scotland, and tation of the juftices of Chefter, and the great feflions for the counties in j”cg* £Cthc Wales, certain damp duties upon vellum, parchment, and papery recited; were granttdy from the fifth day of July, one thoufand Jevcn hundred	9

and fifty-nine, to be applied for the augmentation of the falaries of the Jevtral judges in England, the chief baron and other barons in the court of exchequer at Wcftminfter, the juftices of Chefter, and tht juftices of the great JeJJions for the counties in Wales; and to be paid to the faid judges, barons, and juftices, in every year, at fuch tine or times, and in fuch manner, as the falaries to the faid judges thtn were, or had accuftomarily been paid; and by two other afts of a Geo. 3. c. 36. the jecond and fifth years of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, feveral 5 Geo. 3. c. 47* dkmcl ftamp duties were granted, and, with the aforementioned duties eflablijbed by the faid aft of the thirty-fecond year of the reign tfhiskte majefiy King George the Second, were made one joint fund fu payment of the faid augmentation of the falaries of the faid judges, harms, and juft ties; and by an aft of the twelfth year of the reign of** Geo. j. to prefent Majefiy, intituled, An a& for the further augments- c* 3°-Honor the falaries of the juftices of Chefter, and the great ref-ton* for the counties in Wales, the faid joint fund was charged, frm the fifth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-to», with the payment of a further augmentation to the falaries of the fad juftices 0/Chefter, and the juftices of the great fejfions for tbumties in Wales ; and by an aft of the nineteenth year of the win of his faid prefent Majefiy, a further addition and augmentation/ the falaries of the puifne judges of the courts of King's bench nlummon pleas at Weftmiofter, and to the chief baron and other hum of the coif of exchequer at Weftminftcr, is alfo charged upon ibt faid joint fund, and upon the furplus of the moniei arifing w the	^

uttipt of the exchequer, of the deductions of ftxpence in tU pound out tfoil the monies paid upon all falaries, penfmsy annuities, arid other Vol. XXXVI.	F	*	payments

Digitized by

Google

66	Anno vicefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 13. [1787.

paymentsfrom the crown, ejiablijbed by an aft of parliament made in n Geo. I. the twelfth year ofr the reign of King George the Pirjl, after fatij• c. a. * fpng all the annuities and other payments charged on the fame: and whereas the faid feveral Jlamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, granted as, aforefatd, are by this prefent aft con/olidated, and in conference thereof will, from and after the tenth day of May, one thoufand fevers hundred and eighty-fyven, be incorporated with, and become a part of the monies to be paid into the receipt of the exchequer for the famp-duties dire fled to be applied as part of the confolideui fund by this afl ejiablijbed; and the faid deduflions of fixpencein tit pound out of all monies paid upon all falaries, penfsons, annuities, and other payments from the crown, is alfo hereby made a part of the fame fund: be it therefore enafted by the authority aforeiaid, From the That out of the monies that lhall be and remain in the exche-confolidatcd quer, on the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and Sail be'paid c*ghty-feven, of the taxes, duties, and revenues, which (halt the arrears of compofe the faid confolidated fund, there (hall be paid to the the augmen- faid feveral judges, fo much money as (hall be due and owing tations to the to them on account of the feveral aforementioned augmenta-at July canC8 t,ons> computing the fame from the time or times to which they 1787; and were Pa^> t0 fifth day Juho on€ thoufand feven hun-thereafter the dred and eighty-feven ; and from that time there lhall be paid faid augmen- to the faid judges, out of the monies that lhall arife and be tations lhall	jnt0 t^c exchequer of the faid duties and revenues granted

paid^ut of C ^ this aft, the feveral and refpeftive annual following lums, the faicHund. bein£ the amount of the augmentations granted asaforefaid;

•	videlicet. To the three puifnc judges of the court of King's

bench, the fum of nine hundred pounds per annum each; to the chief juftice of the court of common pleas, the fum of five hundred pounds per annum; to the three puifne judges of the faid court of common pleas, nine hundred pounds per annum each; to the chief baron of the court of exchequer in JVefmin-fier, one thoufand five hundred pounds per annum, to the three other barons of the faid court nine hundred pounds per annum each; to the chief juftice of Chefler, the annual fum of five hundred pounds; to the fecond juftice of Chejler, three hundred and fifty pounds per annum ; and to each of the juftices of the great feffions for the counties in Wales, three hundred and fifty pounds per annum each ; .the faid falaries to be iffued and paid to the faid judges by quarterly payments; videlicet, On the tenth day of Oflober, the fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils and the fifth day of July, the firft payment thereof to be due and to be payable on the tenth day of Oflober, one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-feven.

LXVJI. And whereas, by an afl made and paged in tbe twenty-third year of tbe reign of his late majefy King George tbe Second, *3 Geo. *» intituled. An aft for making good a deficiency upon the revenue c. %s. recited, of the office of keeper or clerk of the hanaper, and for preventing any future deficiency therein to anfwer the publick fervices provided for out of the fame, and for augmenting the income of the office of mailer or beeper of the rolls, the feveral duties on

vellum.

1787*] Anno vitefimo fcptimo Georgii III. c. ij; ‘	67

vellum, parchment,	paf>er, granted by art aft of the twelfth year

of the reign of bis late majefty King George the Firjl, for the ternt of Jixteen years, from the fecond day of Auguft, one thoufand feven haired and twenty-fix, and by an a ft of the ninth year of the reign if King George the Second, were further continued for four year/, from the fecrn day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and forty-tvto\ which faid duties expired on the Jec6nd day of Auguft, one thou-fud/even hundred and forty fix, and were revived and made payable, frm the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty, for ever \ which faid duties, fo revived and re-granted, were by the faid aft fubjeft to make good any deficiency that fbould happen, in cafe the yearly income and revenue of the office of keeper or clerk of the hamper, as augmented by the faid aft, fbould at any future time be iuffficient iC to anjwer and pay the yearly fum of one thoufand two hundred pounds to the majler or keeper 0} the rolls for the time being, and the feveral ancient fees, friaries, and allowances, belonging to the lord chancellor or lord keeper of the great fed, the majler of the rolls, the mafiers in chancery, clerk of the parliaments, and other officers attending the parliament and great feal, and of feverat bills end dijburfements, always paid and allowed out of the revenues of the hamper officeand the lord high treafurer or commiffioners of the treafury, upon a certificate from one of the auditors of the im-prefi, are impowered to dir eft fucb deficiency to be made good out of the aforefaid revived duties, not exceeding three thoufand pounds in ‘ any one year: and whereas, by the direftions in this aft, the faid duties will become a part of tbifund hereby ejlablifbed: tc it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all the powers and authorities and thejfo#-contained in the laft-mentioned ait, of the twenty-third year of crt thjrfoft!d the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, (hall ex- ^utirt grant-C tend, and be continued, and the deficiency therein provided €d by this ait. for (hall in future be made good and fupplied out of any the duties or revenues granted by this ait, in'the fami manner, and by the fame authorities, as the fame were provided fot in the faid ait.

LXVIII. And be it further enaited and declared, That all All atrauitie* other annuities whatever, charged upon, or made payable out charged upon of, the aggregate fund, by any ait or aits of parliament now in f#nd force, (hall, from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thou- from July**, (and fcven hundred and eighty-feven, be charged and charge- 1787, be'pay-ableupon, and (hall be payable and paid out of, all or any of able out of tW the duties, revenues, and incomes of the faid confolidated fund, f^0,^atC<* in the.fame manner, and according to the fame priorities, as the fame were direited and provided by the feveral aits by which they were granted.

LXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enaited by the authority aforefaid, That nothing in this ait contained (hall extend, or be con (trued to extend, to make void, alter, or prejudice, any difpofition, appropriation, appointment, matter, or thing wbatfoever, relative to the regular and ufual payment of any penfion or annuity charged and made payable to any perfon or perfpns, in purfuance of anyaifc or aits of parliament,- or by

F 2	virtue

Digitized by LjOOQle

Pen (ion s on the excife or poft office to be paid as heretofore*

the excifc, ctiftoms, or fait duties in Scotland, to be paid as heretofore.

Anno viceflmo feptimo Georgii III. c. 13. [178?.

virtue of any grants or letters patent made or granted by any of his Majefty’s royal predeceflors, Kings or Queens of this realm; but that the fame difpofitions, appropriations, and appoint* ments, (hall continue, be in force, and take effefl, in the payment of all and every the annuities and penfions payable by the commilfioners or receivers general of the duties and revenues of excife, and by the receivers general of his Majefty’s general letter office or poft office, in the fame manner, and at the fame time and times, that the faid annuities and penfions have been ufually paid before the paffing this prefent adh

LXX. And be it all'o further enadied by the authority afore-Annuities,&c. faid. That nothing in this adt contained (hall extend, or be payaole from conftrucd to extend, to alter, or in any manner divert, the payment of the fevcral and refpedtive annuities, bounties, am) other charges and expences, which, in purfuance of any adt or a Sts of parliament in force on and immediately before the tenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, have ufually been or ought to be fatisfied and paid by the commif-fioners of the excile, the receivers general of the cuftoms, or fait duties, out of the monies arifen by the faid duties and revenues, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland 5 but that the lame (hail and may, and are hereby directed and required to be fatif-fied, paid, and difeharged, out of all or any of the faid monies arifen, or which (hall hereafter arife, by the faid duties end revenues, and come into the hands of the faid receivers, in the fame and like manner, and at the refpedlive times at which the fame have ufually been accuftomed to be paid and fatisfied; any thing in this adt contained to the contrary in anywife not-withftanding.

LXXL And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. All fums arif- That all fuch fums of money as (hall have arifen by the faid injj from the ratcs ancj duties hereby repealed, and (hall remain in the receipt tteT^whk h" °f ^le exchequer, on the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven fhall remain hundred and eighty-feven ; and all fuch fums as (hall be granted in the exehe- to replace deficiencies made good out of the fund commonly queron July called The Sinking Fund, and which (hall not have been carried to the faid finking fund on or before the tenth day of May* one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, (hall be added to, and applied with, and in aid of the rates, duties, and revenues, granted and eftablilhed by this adt, and (hall make part of the not have bren consolidated fund created by virtue of this adt. carried to the linking fund, on Mav 10, rffi7, to be a part of the consolidated fund.

LXXII. And whereas it may happen hereafter that the exigencies of the publict fervice may require extraordinary expences, beyond the annual produce of the publict revenue t and it will be highly important for the maintenance of publict credit,. and for the Jlrength and fafety of thefe kingdoms* that effectual meafures fhould be taken for increaj-ing the faid revenue in proportion to the additional annual charge occa-ftoned by fuch expemes j be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That diftindt accounts (hallr be kept by the feveral boards appointed for collediing and managing the different branches of

the

Google

5, 1787* and 4II fums granted to make good deficiencies, which Aiall

Quarterly accounts to be kept by the

Digitized by *

17S7.] Anno vicefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 13.	69

the publick revenue, of the total amount, in every quarter of a different year, of the feveral duties under their management, diftinguifh- boards of ing (as far as poflible) the feveral articles on which the fame |£lndie6*of arife-, and that the commiflioners of the treafury (hall caufe to th^pubhek be prepared, and (hall lay before both houfes of parliament, revenue, and within fourteen days after the commencement of every feflion, the treafury an account of the total produce of the duties of cuftoms, excife, t0 ^ before (lamps, and incidents refpedlively, diftinguilhing (as far as pof- annua^y^n dbfej in each branch the produce on every feparate article the account of duties on which (hall have amounted to one thoufand pounds the total pro-or more in the four quarters next preceding the date of fuch ac- duJe ^ count; and alfo an account of all additions which (hall have cu oms* been made to the annual charge of the publick debt, by the in-ureft or annuities for or on account of any loan which (hall have been made after the parting of this a<3, and within the fpaceof ten years next preceding the date of fuch account; together with an account of the produce within the year next preceding of any duties which (hall have been impofed, or of any addition which (hall have been made to the revenue, for the purpofe of defraying the increafcd charge occafioned by every :uch loan refpetfively.

LXXill. Provided always, and be it cnafted. That any Any part of pan of this aft may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any adl or ads to be made in this prefent feflion of parliament.	theVrYfrnt°

feflion.

F3	SCHEDULE

Digitized by L.ooQle

Anno vicefimo feptfmo'GEORGii III. c. 13. [1787^

SCHEDULE A.

A Schedule of the Net Duties payable on the Importation into this Kingdom of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated; and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from this Kingdom.

Alfo of the Net Duties payable on the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, from this Kingdom;

And likewife of the Net Duties payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, brought or carried Coaflwife ox from Port to Port within this Kingdom.

SCHEDULE A.

	Duty. I	drawback.
INWARDS.  A.  Agates rough, final1 as a bean, the hundred dozen	£. /. d.	r. /. i.
	O3O	028
- ■■ ■"■■■ ■ large, the piece —* —*• Alderney, vide Jjerfey.  Ale. vide Beer.  Almonds, vide Grocery.  		bitter, vide Drugs.	O O l{	0 0 1
Alum, the hundred weight •— —-- —— Roch. vide Drugs.  		Alumen Plume, vide Drugs.	072	062
Amber, the pound —- —  *	imported by the Eaft India company, the pound  - ■ ~ Beads, vide Beads.  ■ 		— Oil. vide Drags.  Anchor Stocks, vide Wood.  Anchovies, vide Fifh. ‘ Annifeeds. vide Grocery.	0 1 3 0 I 5	0 1 1  0 1 3
Annotto, the pound — —  N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, under which Annotto may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. i. cap. 15.	0 0 i£	000
Apples, the bufhel —— —	024	00 4
»■ —* dried, the bufhel — —— Aqua Fortis. vide Drugs.  Archclia. vide Orchelia.	030  t	0 0 4
Argoil, the hundred weight — r—  N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&iona, under whicn Argoil may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. 1. cap. 15. A rrack. vide Spirits.  Aihes, viz.	927	000
		Pearl Alhei, the hundred weighf —	023	000
	— Pot Allies, the hundred weight —	023	000

Digitized by

Google

S C H E D u-t, E A.

Duty.

7f

Drawback.

007

007

007

270

006

053

6

9

INWARDS.	l£.	/.

KB. For the conditions, regulations, and reftriftfons, under which Pearl Afhes and Pbt Afhes made in the fintifh plantations in America may be imported from thence without payment of duty, vide 24 Geo. 2. cap.^ji. dies, continued

—	— Soap Afhes, die hundred weight	—

*— Weed Afhes, the hundred weight	—

Wood Afhes, the hundred weight	—

*• ■■■■■ Fcchia Afhes. vide Fechia Brugiata, in Drugs.

»• .

Bacon, the hundred weight	—	—

N.B. For the exemption from duty on falted Bacon bom Ireland, vide 8 Geo. 3. cap. 9; and 16 Geo. 3. cap. 8.

Bulks. vide Wood.

Balk, vis. Wafhing Balls, the pound -	—

Baa^xiag-Twifl. vide Twift.

Birilt, the hundred weight	—	—

Bark of Oak. vide Oak Bark.

Bnky. vide Cora.

—— hailed or Pearl Barley, vide Drugs.

Bafket Bods, the bundle not exceeding three feet in circumference at the band	——	—>	o

Ba&ets, via. Haudbaikets, the dozen —	—v	o

Bid or Straw Hats or Bonnets, vide Hats.

——  ------------Manufactures thereof to make hats, vide

Platting.

—	Ropes, the hundred weight	o t 10

Bsneas. vide Wood.

Battery, the hundred weight	—	—	252

Baj.berries. vide Drugs.

Bodi, viz.	'

—	Amber Beads, the pound —	—	045

—	Chryftal Beads, the thoufand —	— o 13	3

—	Coral Beads, the pound —	—	045

—	Glafs Beads, vide Bugle.

— Jet Beads, the pound	—	—	o I 5

Beau, vide Corn.

Beef from Ireland.

N.B. For the exemption from duty on falted beef from Ireland, vide 8 Geo. 3. cap. 9; and 46 Geo. 3. cap. 8.

leer, viz. Spruce Beer, the barrel containing 32 gallons 012 N.B. Subje& alfo to the duty of excife.

-—of all other forts, or Ale, the barrel, containing 32

gallons	——	.	068

N.B. Subje& alfo to the duty of excife.

Bdl-metal, the hundred weight —	—•	074

Berries for dyers ufe, not otherwife enumerated, the hundred weight	^	—•	—•	on

‘ Digitized by Google

000

0	0	9

OOO

2 6 4

000

050

o I 4

008

000

208

042 o 11 8 042

o 1 3

OIK O

060 0 6 6 OOO

SCHEDULE A.

III. c. 13.  Doty.	[1787.  Drawback.
£• Jm	C ^
026	023
0 17 8	013 8
0 0 i-	001
0 19 3	000
p 8 10	000
004	003
0 1 2	p l 0
0120	077
0 4 5	000
0 Oil	0 p 10
0 »3 3	0 Kt 8
0 1 4|	O I 3
0 4 5	0311
00  to  0	036
	\
0 I 10	018
068	0 6 6
029	0  M  OS
O 2 11	0 2 6
0 i	0 1 3
016	0 * 3
0 0 li	001
P I 7	0 t 6

I N W A R D S.

Beflials. vide Man, ifle of.

Birds, viz. binging Birds, the dozen	—	—

Bifcuic. vide Bread.

Blacking, the hundred weight	—	—

Bladders, the dozen	—	%	—

Blubber, vide Oil.

Boards, vide Wood.

Bonnets, vide Hats.

Books bound, the hundred weight --------------------- —

— unbound, the hundred weight	—— Boom Spars, vide Wood.

Botargo, the pound	—	—

Bottles of Earth or Stone, the dozen	—«-	—

—	of	Glafs,	viz.

----------•	■	-	-	covered	with	wicker,	the	dozen	quarts

r —■ ■ — .....— full or empty, the dozen quarts —

Bowls or Buckets of Wood, the dozen	—

Boxes, viz.

—	Neft Boxes, the grofs containing twelve dozen neJ

each npft containing eight boxes —

—-	■ Pill Boxes, the grofs containing twelve dozen nei

each nell containing four boxes	——

—	Sand Boxes, the grofs containing twelve dozen bo; BoxWood. vide Wood.

ing ten necklaces	—	—

Brandy, vide Spirits.

Brafs-Wire. vide Wire.

Brazil-Wood for dyers ufe. vide Wood.

Brazilletto-Wood for dyers ufe. vide Wood.

Bread or Bifcuit, the hundred weight —	—

Bricks, vide Earthen Ware Bridges-Thread. vide Thread.

Brimflone, the hundred weight	—	—

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ic under which the whole duties of culloms may drawn back on brimftone ufed and confumed making oil of vitriol, vide 23 Geo. 3. cap. 77; j 26 Geo. 3. cap. 53.

Bridles, viz.

►- — dretted, the dozen pounds	—-	—

» , ■— d retted of Mufcovy or Ruflia, imported in a foreign Ihip, the dozen pounds	—	—

—	- — rough or undrefled, the dozen pounds —

—	--rough or undrefled of Mufcovy or Ruflia, imported

in a foreign Blip, the dozen pounds — Brooms, viz. Flag Brooms or Whilk Brooms, the dozen Buckets, vide Bowls.

Bugle, viz.

------great Bugle, the pound	—	—

For conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions.

Digitized by

Google

SCHEDULE A.	Duty.	Drawback.
INWARDS.  kglt, cooriwed  tndcr which great Bugle may on importation be  warehoufed, vide 5 Geo. 3. cap. 30.	C *.	£• r. d•
*■—-great Bogle to be warehoufed, the pound —  —— great Bugle fo warehoufed, when taken out of fuch	OOl	0 0 0
warehoufe to be ufed in this kingdom, the pound	Ol6	000
Cmall or feed Bogle, the pound — •—  N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftrittions, under which fmall or feed Bugle may on importation be warehoufed, vide 5 Geo. 3. cap. 30.	0X7	0x5
*— fmall or feed Bugle to be warehoufed, the pound - fmall or feed Bugle fo warehoufed, when taken out of foch warehoufe to be ufed in this kingdom, the	0 0 a	000
pound — — — Bullion or foreign coin of gold or filver, duty-free.	0 a 5	00 0
lofl-niihes, the load containing fixty-three bundles km for millftones, the hundred containing five (core	0 4 5 0 it 0	0311 0 0 0
latter, the hundred weight — —  N.B. For the exemption from duty on faked butter fiom Ireland, vide 8 Geo. 3. cap. 9; and 16 Geo. 3. cap. 8.  C.	0 a 6	y y 0 a a
Cables toed or untarred, the hundred weight •— Cable Yarn, vide Yarn.  Cakes made of rape feed, vide Rape cakes.  Callico. vide Linen-Calm Skins, vide Skins.	086	0 0 0
Calves Velves to make rennet, the hundred weight Cambricks. vide Linen.  Camels Hair, vide Hair, i Canary Seed, vide Seed.  Candles, viz.	056	0  O
— of Tallow, the hundred weight — —	iis 8	OOO
•	of Sperma Cceti, the pound — —	0 1 4	OOO
— of Wax, the pound — —  	of Wax, imported by the Baft India company, the	0 1 8	OOO
pound — —' —	019	OOO
Candlewick, the hundred weight — —• Case Hats, vide Hats.  Canes, viz.	1 ia 8	180
Reed Canes, the thoufand. —• —	0 11 0	099
•— Walking Canes, the thoufand — —  ■— Walking Canes, imported by the Baft India com-	1 18 6	* *7 3
pany, the thoufand — —	* * 3	a 0 0
— Rattans, the thoufand — —  —— Rattans, imported by the Eaft India company, the	0 16 6	0 IS 3
thoufand — — —	0 19 3	0 18 0
Cans of Wood, the dozen — — Cant Spars, vide Wood.  Canvas, vide Linen, uprisen* vide Wood.	0 0 11	0 0 10

Digitized by L^ooQle

74	Anno	vicefimo	feptimo	Georoii	III.	c.	[1787,

SCHEDULE A.	Duty.	Drawback*
INWARDS.	£• *•	(C* /# ^
Capers, the pound — — —	00a	0 01
Cards, viz. Playing Cards, the dozen packs — -Carmenia Wool, vide Hair of Goats.  Carpets, viz.  			 of Perfia, imported by the Baft India company,	1X 0	0 00
the fquare yard — —	I 4 9	I 3 7
wards, the carpet — —	240	2 0  £
the carpet — — Car raw ay-Seeds, vide Drugs.	0 8 3	076
Calks empty, the ton — «*•  Catlings, the grofs containing 12 dozen knots — Cattle.  N.B. For the free importation of cattle from Ireland, vide 5 Geo. 3. cap. 10; and 16 Geo. 3. tap. 8.	083  026	r*. n 0 0
Caviare, the hundred weight — —	0 4 5	Q 3 11
Cheefe, not of Ireland, the hundred weight —	016	000
Cherries, the hundred weight — —• Chip-Hats or Bonnets, vide Hats*  Chip, Manufa&ures of. vide Platting.  Chryilal. vide Drugs.	0 4 S	0311
Cider, the ton containing 252 gallons — N.B. Subject alio to the duty of excife. Cinnamon, vide Grocery.  Citron-Water, vide Spirits.  Clapboards, vide Wood.	633	S 3 3
Cloths, viz. all manner of woollen cloths, theyatd Cloves, vide Grocery.  Coals, the chalder containing 36 buihels Winchefter mea-	1 17 s	1 13 1
fure — — —	1 I 0	000
Cochineal, the pound — —  N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftriftions, under which Cochineal may be entered, without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. 1. cap.  Cocoa-nuts, viz.  •——of the produce of any Britilh colony or planta-	006	000
tion in America, the hundred weight	0 13 9	0 13 9
the Jiundred weight — —  N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftriflions, under which Cocoa-Nuts may on importation be fe-cured in warehoufes, vide 10 Geo. 1. cap. 10; and 6 Geo. 3. cap. $2.  tion in America, on importation to be fecured	0 13 9	0 12 6
in warehoufes, the hundred weight on importation to be fecured in warehoufes,	0 1 s	0 I 3
the haadred weight —	013	000

Anno viccfinao firptimo Gborgii III. c. 13.	75

SCHEDULE A.	Datjr.	Drawback.
INWARDS, kntea, when taken ontof fuch warehoofe for home	£•	£• *• 4*
coafumption, the handled weight —  N.B. Cocoa-Nuts art alfofubjcd to the inland duty of  tttife.  Coice of the produce of any Britiih colony or pl&ntttfqp in	0126	0 0 0
America, the hundred weight — —. •——of the produce of any other country or place, or imported by the EafJ India Company, the hundred	1 18 6	1 18 6
weight — —  N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, under which Coffee may on importation be fecured in warehoufes, vide 10 Geo. i. cap. 10; and 6Geo. 3. cap. 52.  of the produce of any Britiih colony or plantation in America, on importation to be fecureu in warehoufes, the hundred weight — —  •* not of the produce of any Britiih colony or plantation in America, on importation to be fecured in warehoufes, the hundred weight —  — ■ ■ having on importation been fecured Sn warehoufes, when taken out of fuch warehoufe for home con-	1 18 6	1 15 0
	036	O 3 $
	036	0  0  0
fompdon, the hundred weight —  N.B. Coffee is alfo fubjeft to the inland daty of exdfe. Coin of copper, vide Copper.  — of Gold or Silver, vide Bullion*	1 15 0	000
Comfits, the pound — — Coney Wool, vide Wool.  Copper, viz.	006	005
—	One, the hundred weight — —  —	— unwrought, viz. Copper Bricks, Rofe Copper, Cop-	O' '  0  0	0  0
per Coin, and all Caff Copper, the hundred weight — unwrought, viz. Copper in Plates, the hundred	0 10 6	0 10 3
Wright — —  ■ ■ - part wrought, viz. Bars, Rods, or Ingots, hammered	0 16 0	0 15 9
or raifed, the hundred weight — Copperas, green, the hundred weight •—  Coral, vide Drugs.	202	1 17 2
	0 K 8	000
Cordage, tarred or untarred, the hundred weight — Cordial Waters, vide Spirits.	086	0 00
Cork, the hundred weight — —	038	0 3 3
Corks, ready made, the grofi containing 12 dozen Corn and Grain, viz.  — Barley, whenever the price at the port of importation (hall be under 24 s. per quarter, the quarter con-	006	005
taining 8 bufhels — —•  N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, under which Barley on being imported into certain ports or places in this kingdom may be fecured in warehoufes without payment of duty, vide 13 Geo. 3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42 ; 18 Geo. 3, cap. 25 ; 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 24 Geo. 3. cap. 50.  Digitized byCjOCK^IC	i a 0  >  >	0 14 • *

INWARDS.

Corn and grain, continued

Barley, whenever the price at the port of importation (hall be at or above 24s. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 bu(hels	—	—

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, under which Barley may be imported on payment of the duty of two-pence the quarter, or having been on importation fecured in warehoufes may be delivered from thence in order to be ufed or confumed in this kingdom on payment of the faid duty, vide 13 Geo. 3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42 ; t8 Geo, 3. cap. 25} 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3. cap 50

£• *'



0 0 2

o o-

—— Barley hulled, or Pearl Barley, vide Drugs.

— Beans, whenever the price at the place of importation

(hall be under 32 s. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 bufhels	—	—

N.B. For die conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, under which Beans on being imported into certain ports or places in this kingdom may be fecured in warehoufes without payment of duty, vide 13 Geo. 3* cap. 435 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; 18 Geo. 3. cap 25 ; 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3. cap. 50.

—- Beans, whenever the price at the place of importation (hall be at or above 32 s. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 bulhels	—	—

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ious, under which Beans may be imported on payment of the duty of three-pence the quarter, or having been on importation fecured in warehoufes may be delivered from thence in order to be ufed or confumed in this kingdom on payment of the faid duty. Vide 13	Geo. 3. cap.	43;	16	Geo. 3. cap.	42; 18	Geo.

3.	cap. 25; 19	Geo.	3.	cap. 29; 21	Geo. 3.	cap

5°-

— Beer or Bie, whenever the price at the port of impor tation mall be under 24 s. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 bujhels	—	—

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, under which Beer or Big on being imported into certain ports or places in this kingdom may be fecured in warehoufes without payment of duty, vide 13	Geo. 3. cap.	43;	16	Geo. 3. cap.	42; 18	Geo

3.	c^p. 25 ; 19	Geo.	3.	cap. 29; 21	Geo. 3.	cap,

5°*

Beer or Big, whenever the price at the port of importation (hall be at or above 24 s. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 buihels	—

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reflriftfons, under which Beer or Big may be imported bn payment of the duty of two-pence the quarter, or having been on importation fecured in warehoufes may

1 2

o 14 (

003

000

2 o

o 14

0 0 2

OO0

Digitized by

S.

INWARD

Con and Grain, continued

be delivered from thence in order to be ufed or confused in this kingdom on payment of the faid duty, ride 13 Geo. 3. cap. 431 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; 18 Geo. 3. cap. 25 ; 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3 cap. 30.

—	Big. vide Beer.

—	Indian Com mod Maize, whenever the price of Barley

at the place of importation fhall be under 24 a per quarter, the quarter containing 8 bufhels

—	Indian Com and Maize, whenever the price of Barley

at the place of importation fhall be at or above 24 s. per quarter, the quarter containing. 8 bufhels N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reflri&ions, under which Indian Com and Maize may be imported on payment of the duty of one penny the quarter, vide 13 Geo. 3. cap. 43; 15 Geo. 3. cap,

1; si Geo. 3. cap. 50.

—	Maize, vide Indian Corn.

—	Oats, whenever the price at the place of importation

fhall be under 10 s. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 bufhels	—	—

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ionsi under which Oats on being imported into certain ports or places in this kingdom may be fecured in warehoufes without payment of duty, vide 13 Geo,

3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42 ; 18 Geo. 3. cap. 25; 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3. cap. 50.

—	Oats, whenever the price at the place of importation

fhall be at or above 16 s. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 bufhels —	—

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, under which Oats may be imported on payment of the duty of two-pence the quarter, or having been on importation secured in warehoufes may be deli vered from theqee in order to be ufed or confumed in this kingdom on payment of the faid duty, vide 13 Geo. 3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42 ;	18	Geo.

3. cap. 25 ; 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29 s 21 Geo. 3. cap, 5°.

—	Peafe, whenever the price at the place of importation

fhall be under 32 s. per quarter, the quarter con-taining 8 bufhels	—	—

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions under which Peafe on being imported into certain pom or places in this kingdom may be fecured in warehoufes without payment of duty, vide 13 Geo. 3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42 ; 18 Geo. 3. cap 25; 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3. cap. 50.

—1— Peafe, whenever the price at the place of importation fhall be at or above 32 s. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 bufhels

Digitized by Gock 1

£. /. d.

£•

O II

O O I

070

OOO

067

o 3 II

002

OOO

o 18

o 10 4

Anno vicefimo feptimo GeoRGII IIL c. 13. [178;.

SCHEDULE A.

S.

INWARD

Corn and train, continued

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reflri&ions, under which Peafe may be imported on payment of the duty of three-pence the quarter, or having been On importation fecured in warehoufes may be delivered from thence in order to be ufed or confumed in this kingdom on payment of the faid duty, vide 13 Geo. 3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3; cap. 425 18 Geo 3. cap. 25 ; 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3. cap, 50.

—	Rye, whenever the price at the place of importation

fhall be under 32 f. per quarter, the quarter con taining 8 bufhels	—	—

NIB. For the conditions, regulations, andreftri&ions, under which Rye on being imported into certain ports or places in this kingdom mqy he fecured in warehoufes without payment of duty, vide 13 Geo 3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42 ; 18 Geo. 3. cap. 25 $ 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3. cap. 50.

—	Rye, whenever the price at the place of importation

fhall be at or above 32 s. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 bufhels	—

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and rcftri&ions, under which Rye may be imported on payment of the duty of three-pence the quarter, or having been on importation fecured in warehoufes may be delivered from thenoe in order to be ufed or confumed in this kingdom on payment of the faid doty, vide 13 Geo. 3. cap. 43 ; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; 18 Geo. 3. cap. 25 ; 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3. cap.

—— Wheat, whenever the price at the place of importation fhall be under 48 s. per quarter, the quarter con taining 8 bufhels	—	—

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, under which Wheat on being imported into certain ports or places in this kingdom may be fecured in warehoufes without payment of duty, vide 13 Geo.

3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; 18 Geo. 3. cap. 25 $ 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3. cap. 50.

—— Wheat, whenever the price at the place of importation fhall be at or above 48 s. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 bufhels N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and rcflri&ions, under which Wheat may be imported on payment of the duty of fixpence the quarter, or having been on importation fecured in warehoufes may be delivered from thence in order to be ufed or confumed in this kingdom on payment of the faid duty, vide^i3 Geo 3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; 18 Geo. 3. cap. 25; 19 Geo. 3, cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3. cap. 50,

Duty. (Drawback.



120

005

* ♦ 3

Digiti .	/

Google

0 0 6

o 14 0

O O Q

O 16 3

OOO

8.

INWARD

Com and grain, continued

—	Wheat Flour, whenever the price of Wheat at the

place of importation ihali be under 48 s. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 buihels N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, under which Wheat Flour on being imported into certain ports or places in this kingdom may be (ecured in waithoufes without payment of duty, vide 13 Geo.3 cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; 18 Geo. 3. cap. 25; 10 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3. cap. 50.

—	Wheat Flour, whenever the price of Wheat at the

place of importation ihali be at or above 48 s. per quarter, the hundred weight containing 112 pounds	—	—

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftridions, under which Wheat Floor may be imported on pay* , meat of the duty of two-pence the hundred weight, or having been on importation iecured in warehoufes may be delivered from thence in order to be ufed or contained in this kingdom on payment of the laid duty, vide 13 Geo. 3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; 18 Geo.3. cap. 25 ; 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo* 3.

Cotton l^ooiTride Wool.

Cotton Yam. vide Yarn.

Cow or Ox Hair, vide Hair.

Cow or Ox Hides, vide Hides.

Cream of Tartar, vide Drugs.

Crohbow Thread, vide Thread.

Cucumbers pickled, the gallon —	—

Culm, the chalder containing 36 buihels Winchefter xnea tare	# ' —	—

Carnots, vide Grocery.

Cattle Bones, the thouland	—•	—

Cyder, vide Cider.

Cyoders, the chalder containing 36 buihels Winchefter meafure	—

D.

Dues, vide Grocery.

Davis’s Streights. vide Greenland Seas.

Deals, vide Wood.

Diamonds, Pearls, Rubies, Emeralds, and all other precious ftones and jewels, duty free

Dice, for every pair	.	—

Dimity, viz. Plain White Dimity, imported by the Eaft India company, the yard and beiides, for every hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof according to the grofs price at which the fame ihali be publickly fold at the tales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies

£• /• d.

« 4 3

£- /. d.

o 16	3

002

00#

009 o 15 9 o 5 11

o 10 6

o 12 6

16 10 o

° o 7« 000 0 5 3

000

000

o 1 s

000

Digitized by Google

[178 Drawbad

000

000

000

000

006

007

INWARDS.	'•	d-

Dimity, continued.

•	The drawback of the lad mentioned duty ofjixteen pounds ten (hillings, to be allowed on the exportation of fuch dimity, (hall be for every hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof according to the grofs price at which fuch goods (hall have been puDlickly fold at the fales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Bad Indies, viz.

•	If exported to Africa

If exported to the Bridih colonies or plantations in America	—	—

1 If exported to any parts or places beyond the Teas (except to the Briti(h colonies or plantations in America) if the faid goods (hall have been printed, darned, painted, or dyed in this kingdom ~

•	If exported to any parts or places beyond the (eas (except to Africa or the Britiih colonies and plantations in America) if the faid goods (hall be exported from this kingdom without‘having been printed, fiained, painted, or dyed therein

Dog-Stones., vide Stones.

Down, the pound	—

—	of Muicovy or Ruffia, imported in a foreign (hip, the

pound	—	«

Drillings, vide Linen.

Drugs, viz.

Acacia, the pound	—

■	Acorns, the pound	—

■	■ ■ — Adianthum Album, the pound —■— ■ - Adianthum Nigrum, the pound

—	■ --- Agaric, the hundred weight —— Agnus Callus Seeds, the pound

Alkermes Con felt io, the ounce —* ■ '■ Alkermes Syrup, the pound —

■	■—	Alkanet Roots, the pound	—

—	Almonds Bitter, the hundred weight —' — Aloes Epatica, the pound

»imported by the Eall India company, the pound Succotrina, the pound if not imported dire&ly from the place of its growth, the pound	—

imported by the Eall India company, the pound	—	—

Alum Ronilh or Roch, the hundred weight —-Alumen Plumb, the pound	—

Ambergris, black or grey, the ounce troy

imported* by the Eaft India company, the ounce troy Ambra Liquida, the pound Ameos Seeds, the pound

£ /• s

o

o

o

o

4

o

0

1

o

*4

o

0

1

9

2

2

8

3 8 o

3

o

6

6

2

2 o 2 6 o 2

16 10 < 11 15!

I

16 10^

14 10 < o 0 J o 0 j

(

o 0 0 0

O 2

Digitized by Google

81

Drugs

INWARDS.

»continued.

Amomi Seeds* * the pound —

'— 11	Anacardium, the pound —

1 Angelica* the pound —	—

■	Antimonium Crudum, the hundred weight

-------- Antimonium Prseparatum or Stibium, the pound

—	Aqua-Fortis, the hundred weight	—

—	■ ■ Argentum Sublime or Quickfilver, the pound

...........imported	by	the	Eall	India	company

the pound

— ■ Ariftolochia, the pound

—	■ - Arfenic, white o^ yellow, or rofalgar, the hun-

dred weight	—

■	■ ■ Afarum Roots, the pound

-------- Afpalthus, the pound	—

-■■■ Ana-Fcetida, the pound —

•———if not imported dire&ly from'the place of us growth, the pound

—	-■	imported	by	the	Eall	India	company,

the pound	—

—	■ Auricube Judx, the pound

—	-----Bacae Alkakengi, the pound

—	■ ■ Balau/lium, the pound ~

—	■ Balfara Artificial, the pound

■	imported by the Eall India company, the

pound	—	-

—— ■ Canada Balfam, the pound

■	—- Copaivae or Copaiba, the pound

-	- ■— Natural, the pound	—

.......- < imported by the Eall India

company, the pound —■ ■ Barbadoes-Tar, the pound	—•

—	- Barley hulled or Pearl Barley, the hundred weight

■ Bay-berries, the hundred weight — Bdellium, the pound —	—	i

■ —■	if not imported	dire&ly from the place

of its growth, the pound —

■	■	-	imported	by	the	Eall	India	company,

the pound	—

—— Ben-album, or Rubrum, the pound *■ 1 Benjamin, the pound —

.. ------imported by the Eall India company,

tne pound	—	—

- Bezoar Stones of the Well Indies, the ounce troy

• ■—-■■	imported	by the Eall India com-

n, the ounce troy e pound

— Black Lead, the hundred weight '—	Bolos-Communis or Arpomacus, the hundred

weight	—	—

Bolus Vcrus or fine Bole, the pound ^ Borax in Palle or nnrefined, the pound Vol. XXXVI*	G

Doty.		Drawback.		
£	. i. d.	£•	. /•	d.
O	0 2	0	0	
0	O 9	0	0	6
0	O 2	0	0	
0	4 «	0	0	0
0	0 1	» 0	0	
0	4 8	0	0	0
0	0 8	0	0	6
0	P 8	0	0	6
0	0 3	0	0	2
0	4 8	0	0	0
0	0 3	0	0	2
0	0 2	0	0	
0	0 3	0	0	2
0	0 9	0	0	6
0	0 3	0	0	2
0	0 3	0	0	2
0	0 3	0	0	2
0	0 3	0	0	2
0	1 6	0	1	0
0	i 6	0	I	0
0	0 3	0	0	2
0	0 9	0	0	6
0	1 6	0	1	0
0	1 6	0	1	0
0	0 1	0	0	
0	8 10	0	6	0
0	4 8	0	0	0
0	0 3	0	0	2
0	0 9	0	0	6
0	0 3	0	0	2
0	0 5	0	0	3i
0	0 6	0	0	4
0	0 6	0	0	4
0	0 9	0	0	6
0	a 6	0	1	8
0	0 2	0	0	if
0	6 8	0	4	.5
0	5 6	0	2	4
0	0 2	0	0	*4
0	0 3	0	0	a

Digitized by

Google

82	Anno	vicefimo	feptimo	Georgii	III.	c.	13.	[1787.

SCHEDULE	Duty.	fDrawback,

INWARDS.	&

Drugs, viz. Borax, continued.

• imported by the Eaft India company, the pound	—

refined, the pound

imported by the F.aft India company, the pound	—

Calamus, the pound	—	—

Cambogium or Gutta Gambse, the pound —

imported by the Eaft India company, the pound Camphire refined, the pound

> if not imported dire&ly from the place of its growth, the pound — imported by the Eaft India com pany, the pound	—

unrefined, the pound	—

if not imported diredUy from the place of its growth, the pound

imported by the Eaft India company, the pound — Cancrorum Oculi, the pound	•—

Cantharides, the pound	—

imported by the Eaft India compa ny, the pound Capita Papaverum, the thoufand Cardamoms, the pound	—

■ imported by the Eaft India company, the pound	—

Carlina, the pound —

Carpo-Balfamum, the pound Carrabe or Succinum, the pound Carraway-Seeds, the hundred weight Carthamus-Seeds, the pound Caftia-Buds imported by the Eaft India company: the pound	—

Caffia-Fiftula, the pound

----imported	by	the	Eaft	India	company,	the

pound	-

Caffia-Lignea, the pound

■ — imported	by	the	Eaft	India	company,	the

pound	—	—

Caftor-Oil, the gallon —	—

Caftoreum or Beaver’s Cods, the pound — CerufTa, the hundred weight	—

Cetrach, the pound —	—

Chamspitys, the phund	—	—

Chelae Cancrorum,'the pound	—

China-Roots, the pound	—

«■	■■■'■■ if not imported diredlly from the

place of their growth, the pound " infported by the Eaft India company, the pound

Digitized by s DOQ I.C

£. s. a.

0	0	3	0	0
0	1	0	0	0
0	I	0	0	0
0	0	2	0	0
0	0	6	0	0
0	0	6	0	0
0	0	8	0	0
0	2	0	0	1
0	O	8	0	0
0	O	4	0	0
0	t	6	0	0
0	O	4	0	V
0	O	6	0	0
0	I	0	0	0
0	I	0	0	0
0	1	8	0	1
.0	O	9	0	0
0	O	9	0	0
0	O	3	0	0
0	O	9	0	0
0	O	3	0	0
0	S	0	0	3
0	0	2	0	0
0	0	4	0	0
0	0	3	0	0
0	0	3	0	0
0	0	4	0	0
0	0	4	0	0
0	2	0	0	1
0	2	0	0	1
0	7	0	0	4
0	0	3	0	0
0	0	2	0	0
0	0	1	0	0
0	0	S	0	0
0	1	3	0	0
				
0	0	S	Q	0

4

4

8

1

6

6

2 6 2 4

ii

A

2

A

4

4

8

2

A

a

SCHEDULE. A.

INWARDS.

Drugs, continued.

Cinabrium or Vermillion, the pound —

■	■■■■—— imported by the Eaft India company,

the pound	—

Cinnabaris-Nativa, the pound	—

—	Ciperus, the hundred weight	—

Citrago, the pound —	—

—	------ Civet, the ounce troy	--	—

Coculus India?, the pound	—

1	■ —	■ if not imported direflly from the place of

its growth, the pound	—

■	■	—	imported	by	the Eaft India company, the

pound	—	—

p"	Colophonia, the hundred weight —

Coloquintida, the pound	—

>	■	■—	- if not imported dire&Iy from the

place of. its growth, the pound

—	imported	by	the Eaft India com

pany, the pound	—

—	■ CoUmbo-Root, imported by the Eaft India com

pany, the pound	—	—

*1 — ■ ■ Copperas blue, the hundred weight —

—	■ ■ '	■ white, the hundred weight *-

■■ '■ Coral, whitd or red for phyfical ufes, in frag-

ments, the pound	—

,	■	— imported by the Eaft India company, the

I	pound	—	—

- Coral whole, unpolilhed, the pound	—

I	■	— imported by the Eaft India company, the

I-	pound	—»	—

■■ ■ Coral whole, polilhed, the pound	—

r	■	- —	imported by the Eaft India company, the

I	pound	—	—

^	Coriander-Seeds, the hundred weight	—

- Cornu Cervi Calcinatum, the pound	—

Cortex-Cariophyllorum, the pound	—-

•	Cortex Elatheriae, the hundred weight —

Cortex Guaiaci, the hundred weight	—

Cortex Limonum, vel Auranriorum, the pound

-"Cortex Peruvianus, the pound	—

. Cortex Simarouba, the pound	—

•	Cortex Tamarifci, the pound	—

Cortex Winteranus, the pound Coftus Dulcis et Amarus, the pound —

*	imported	by	the Eaft India company, the

pound	—	—

Cowitch, the pound —	—

Cream of Tartar, the hundred weight — Cryftal in broken pieces for phyfical ufes, the pound Cubebs, the pound —	—

« ■	■	- imported by the Eaft India company, the

pound	—	—

. Digitized by Google

£• '• *■

b

Duty,

o o

3

4 o

o

9

13

o

o

o

o

o

o

o i 3

0 5

3	3

0	6

1	6 o 6

o 6

* 4

4	8

0	3

1	6

I 6 3 o

o 4 o 4

4 8

o 3

O 2

0 0 2

SCHEDULE A.

Drugs,

INWARDS.

continued.

—	Cummin Seeds, the hundred weight —

—	Cufcuta, the pound —	—

—	Cyclamen or Panis Porcinus, the pound

—	Dapcus Credcus, the pound	~

—	Diagredium, or Scammony, the pound —

of its growth, the pound —

.the pound	—

» Diptamus Leaves, tie pound	—

-........Roots, the pound	•

Doronicum, the pound	—

Ebori* Rafune, the pound	—

Eleborus, the pound	—*

Epithymum, the pound	—

•	EiTence of Lemons, the pound	—

■ Euphorbium, the pound	—

- Fechia Brugiata, the hundred weight —

• Fennel-Seeds, the pound	—

•	Fenugreek, the hundred weight	—

•	Flores-Chamoemeli, the pound	—

• Flores-Meliloti, the pound	—'

• Folium Indix, the pound	—

—1 ■■ imported by the Eaft India compa the pound	—	—

• Fox Lungs, the pound —	—•

•	Frankinccnfe, the hundred weight —

•	Galanga, the pound	—	—

*.......    if	not	imported dire&ly from the p

of its growth, the pound —

the pound Galbanum, the pound

of its growth, the pound

the pound —

•	Gentiana, the pound —

•	Ginfang, the pound —

•	Grains of Guinea, vide in G.

•	Grana-Tin&orum, the pound

>	Gran ad ilia-Peruviana, the pound

•	Green Ginger, the pound

.............—	imported	by the Ea

pany, the pound

►	Guinea Pepper, the pound

•	Gum-Animi, the pound —

pany, the pound	—

>r Gum-Senega, the hundred we nported by the Eaft India comp; the hundred weight _ -f-

Digitized by Cj oogle

Duty.	Drawbai
	
	x.
074	0 41
003	0 0
00 3	0 0
003	0 0
0 a 6  t	0 1
076  »	0 5
* 0 2 6	0 1
003	0 0
603	0 0
006	0 0
001	0 0
0 0 ij	0 0
003	0 0
0 a 0	0 1
00a	0 0
0 3 0	0 t
0 0 i|	0 0
0 3 4	0 2
0 0 i£	0 0
O O Ijr	0 0
00 6	0 0
006	0 0
008	0 0
048	0 3
0 0 2  e	0 0
VO  O  O  at	0 0
002	0 0
004  ;e	0 0
010  r>	0 0
004	0 0
001	0 0
008	0 0
009	0 0
009	0 0
006  1*	0 0
006	0 0
► 0 03	0 0
003  !•	0 0
0 0 3	0 0
it 0 0 6  ft	0 0
006	0  0

SCHEDULE A.

INWARDS.

Drugs, continued.

-----— Gam-Senega imported from Europe, the hundred

weight	-	-	—

— ■ Gom-Armoniac, the pound	—-

■	— - ■ ■ if not imported diredlly from the place

of its growth, the jHiund —

■	1	imported	by	the'Eaft India company,

the pouna —	—

■ ■— - * Gum-Carannz, ie pound	——

—— ■ ■■ Gum-Copal, the pound —	—

Gum-Elemi, the pound, —	—

- ■■	imported	by	the	Eaft	India	company, the pound	—

—— Gum-Guaiaci, the pound --  Gom-Hedene, the pound	—

—	■ Gum-Lac, viz. Cake-Lac, the pound

—	-  imported	bv	the	Eaft	India	company,

the pouna —

—	Gum-Shellac or Seed-Lac, the pound

— imported by the Eaft India,company, the pound

■	■■ Gom-Sticklac, the pound N. B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftridtioos,

under which Gum-Sticklac may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. i cap. 15.

—	Gum-Opoponax, the pound	—

—	— if not imported diredlly from the place

of its growth, the pound —

—— — imported by the Eaft India company, the pound	—

—	1 - Gum-Sandrake or Juniperi, the hundred weight

— Gnm-Sarcocolla, the pound	—

—	■	if not imported diredtly from the place

,	of its growth, the pound' —

■	■■ imported by the Eaft India company,

the pound —	—

■	■ Gum-Serapinum or Sagapenum, the pound

■	■	■	if not imported diredlly from the place

of its growth, the pound	—

—	■	imported by the Eaft India company,

the pound

—	Gum-Tacamahaca, the pound

—	Gum-Tragacanth, the pound ■■■■ ■ if not imported diredkly from the place

of its growth, the pound —

—	—- — imported by the Eaft India company,

the pound	—

—	Hermodadlilns, the pound	—

—— Horns of Ham or Stags, the 100 Horns

—	■ Hypociftis, the pound —

Jalop, the pound ^	—

Digitized by Google

Duty.

*5

Drawback.

£•	/«	d.	£•	/• d.
O	is	11	%  O	O O
0	0	4	O	O 2$
O	1	0	O	0 8
O	0	4	O	°
O	0	9	O	0 6
O	0	8	O	0 Si
O	0		O	0 ii
e	0		O	0 a
0	0	9	O	0 6
0	0	9	O	0 6
0	0	1	O	0 0$
0	0	1	O	0 ol
0	0	a	O	0 7|
0	0	a	O	<» * i
0	0	1	O	0 0
0	I	4	O	<M«
0	4	0	O	1 8
0	1	4	O	6 tt
0	7	0	O	4 8
0	0	4	O	0 af
0	1	0	O	O  00
0	0	4	O	0 2{
0	0	4	O	0 a|
0	1	0	O	0 8
0	0	4	O	O 2|
0	0	9	O	0 6
0	0	3	O	0 2
0	0	9	O	0 6
0	0	3	O	0 2
p	0	3	O	0 2
b	6	8	0	4 5
0	0	5	O	0 2*
0	0	9	O	0 6

Anno vicefimo feptlmo Georgii III. C. 13.	11707.

SCHEDULE A.	*	|	Duty.	(Drawback,



1 n W A R D S.

continued.

—	Jnccnfe or Olioanaxn. vide Olibanum;

—	I:*eos, the hundred v.

J

-Jaf;,

i ■ tiU.

Jttd

the hundred weight —

Labdanu.n ur LupaJeaum, the pound

%	--------if not imported directly from the place|

ed its growth, the pound —

—	Lapis-Calan.inaris, the hundred weight —

* *	imported	by	the	Ealt India com-

pany, the hundred weight *—

— Lapis contrayervse, the ounce	—

■	   imported	by the Eaft India co

pany, the ounce	—

—	Lapis-Hcematitis, the pound	—

-----Lapis-IIibernicus, the hundred weight —

— Lapis-Hyacinthi, the pound	—	—

— Lapis-Judaicus, the pound	—	—

—	Lapis-Lazuli, the pound —	—

.	imported	by	the	Eaft India com

pany, the pound ——» Lapis-Magnetis, the pound

—	Lapis-Nephriticus, the pound

-----Lapis-O'hocolla, the pound

-----Lapis Kubinus, the pound

—	Lapis-Sapphirus, the pound r——- Lapis-Smaragdus, the pound

—	-Lapis-Spoogta', the pound

—	Lapis-1 opagx, the pound —— Lapis-Tutia;, the pound —

■	-	—	■■■	imported	by	the Eaft India company

the pound	—	—

-----Lavender-Flowers, the pound	—

-----Leaves of Rofes, the pound	,—

-----Leaves of V iolets or Flowers, the pound —

----- Ler. tiles, the pound	—	—

-----Lignum- Aloes, the pound	—

—- Lighum-Aipaltum, the pound	—

—---------- imported	by	the	Eaft	India	company

the pound	—

——- Ligmim-Nephmicum, the pound

-----— Lignum-Rhodnim, the hundred weight

■----Litharge of Gold, the hundred weight

------- Litharge of Silver, the hundred weight

-----— Lupines, the hundred weight

—• Lyntifcus or Xylobuifamiun, the pound ...—— Madder-Roots, the hundred weight I\.B. For tlie conditions, regulations, and reftn^ion under which Madder Roots may be entered withou payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. cap. 15.	v—	—	---

Digitized by

Google

£■	s.		€•	/. i.
0 14		0	0	9 4
O	0	Ofo	0	0 0
O	0	2	0	0 i\
O	4	s	0	3 3
O	0	s	0	0 a -
O	0	9	0	0 6
0	3	8	0	0 0
0	3	8	0	0 0
0	0	9	0	0 6
0	0	9	0	0 6
0	0	2	0	0 if
0	6	4	0	4 *
0	0	6	0	0 4
0	0	3	0	0 a
0	0	6	0	0 4
0	0	6	0	0 4
0	c	3	0	0 a
0	0	6	0	0 4
0	0	2	0	0 11
0	0.	• 3	0	0 1
0	0	3	0	0 ^
0	0	3	0	0 a
0	0	3	0	0 2
0	0	3	.0	0 a
0  >	0	3	0	o a
0	0	3	0	0 1
0	0	4	0	0 z\
0	0	3	0	0 2
0	Q	. 2	-O	0 1 \
0	O	°l	0	0 cj
0	O	6	0	0 4
0	O	2	0	0 I?
J  0	O	2	-O	0 \\
0	O	6	0	0 4,
0	7	0	0	4 *1
0	0	JO	0	0 7
0	0	S	0	0
0	2	4	0	1 7
0	0	3	-0	0 2
0	4	8	0	0 Q

SCHEDULE A.

INWARDS.

►rugs, continued.

—■ ■■ — Manna, the pound	—

pound	—	—

• Marmelade, the pound	—

-	Maftich Red, the pound	—

■	"	-	■ if not imported dirc£lly from the place

of its growth, the pound —

■	■	imported	by	the	Eaft	India	company,;

the pound —	—

> Maftich White, the pound	—

* ■ - - — if not imported direfUy from the place] of its growth, the pound	—

■	1 1	—	imported	by	the	Eaft	India	company,;

the pound	—

- Mechoacana, the pound	—	—

• Mercury-Precipitat, the pound	—

- Mercury-Sublimat, the pound	—

-	Milliam-Solis, the pound —	—

- Mirobolanes-Condited, the pound	—

—	- -	■	if	not	imported	dire&ly	from	the place

of its growth, the pound —

—	- imported by the Eaft India company,

the pound	—	—	1

•	Mirobolanes Dry, the pound	—

—	■ if not imported diredly from the place

of its growth, the pound —

—	imported	bv	the Eaft India company,

the pound —	—

- Mithridate Venitia:, the pound	—-

-	Mother of Pearl Shells rough, the pound

■	— ■ ■ imported by the Eaft India company, the]

pound	—	—

•	Muik, the ounce troy —	—

—	imported by the Eaft India company, the]

ounce troy	—	—

• Myrrha, the pound.	—	—

■■■-■ ■ — if not imported directly from the plai

its growth, the pound	—

•	.	j	1	Ji	r> si t	________

Doty.

87 Drawback.

pound	—	—

Myrtle-Bernes, the pound	—

Nardus-Celdca or Spica Romana, the hundred! weight —	—	—

• Nitrom, the pound -	—	—

•	Nutmegs Condited, the pound	—

■— ■ imported by the Eaft India company, the pound	-—

•	Nux de Ben, the pound	—

Nux-CupreiB, the pound	—-

Nux-lndica, each	«

Nut-Vomica* the pound	r—»

G 4

Digitized by Google

£	/.	j.	£	X.	d.
0	0	6	O	0	4
0	0	6	O	0	4
0	0	3	O	0	2
0	0	3	O	0	2
0	0	9	O	0	6
0	0	3	O	0	2
0	0	6	O	0	4
0	1	6	0	1	0
0	0	6	O	0	4
0	0	6	O	0	4
0	0	9	O	0	6
0	0	9	O	0	6
0	0	2	O	0	ii
0	0	2	O	p	il
0	0	6	O	0	4
0	0	2	O	0	li
0	0	1	0	0	
0	0	3	0	0	2
0	0	1	0	0	
0	1	6	0	I	0
0	0	4	0	0	*1
0	0	4	0	0	*1
0	2	0	0	1	4
0	2	0	0	I	4
0	0	6	0	0	4
i °	1	6	0	I	0
0	0	6	0	0	4
0	0	2.	0	0	•i
0	9	4	0	6	2
0	0	5	0	0	3*
0	0	ia	0	0	7
0	0	10	0	0	7
0	0	2 -	0	0	*i
0	0	2	0	0	>i
0	0	1	0	0	oj
0	0	*i	0	0	t

88

Drugs,

Anno vicefimo fepthno Georgii III. c. 13. [1787. SCHEDULE A.

INWARDS.

Continued.

— Oil of Almonds, the pound	—~

—	Oil of Amber, the pound	—

—	Oleum-Anifi, the poond	---

—	Oil of Bay, the hundred weight	—

—	Oleum-Cariophyllorum, the pound	—

— Oleum-Carui, the pound	—

—	Oleum-Cinnamomi, the ounce troy —

—	Oleum-Juniperi, the	pound	—

—	Oil of Mace, the pound	—

—	'Oleum Nucis Mufcatse Liquidum, the pound

—	Oleum-Origani, the	pound	—

—	Oleum Palmas, the hundred weight —

—	Oleum Petrolium, the pound	—

—	Oleum Rhodii, the pound	—

—	Oil of Rofemary, the pound	—

— Oleum SalFafrse, the pound	—

—	Oil of Spike, the pound	—

—	Oleum Thymx, the	pound	—

—	Oil of Turpentine, the pound	—

---Oleum Vitrioli, the	pound	—

—	Oil, viz. Chemical Oils not otherwife enumi

ed, the pound	—	—

Olibanum or incenfe, the hundred weight ———1 ■ » if not imported dire&ly from the pla of its growth, the hundred weight

the hundred weight Opium, the pound-	—

■ ■— if not imported direftly from the place of . its growth, the pound	—

— imported by the Eaft India company, the pound	—

•	Orange Flower Ointment, the pound

•	Orange Flower Water, the gallon

-	Origanum, the pound	•—

-	Orpiment or Auripigmentum, the hundred weight »■ ■ ■ imported by the Eaft India company,

the hundred weight

-	Pearl beaten, the ounce troy

-	Pellitory, the pound	—

-	Pepper Long, the pound ------— ■ ■ imported by the Eaft India company,

the pound

Duty. 1	Drawback#
£• t- i	C•
003	002
0 0 6	004
Ol6	0 ( 0
O89	os10
0 2 0	018
0 0 6	004
Ol6	010
0 0 6	004
0 14	0 Oil
0 2 0	0 1 4
0 i 3	0 0 10
0*70	048
003	002
050	0 3 4
009	006
0 1 0	008
004	0 0 i\
0 1 3	0 0 to
o o i*	0 0 oj
001	0 0 0{
**  O  O  »	005
>>	*
d 0 I 6	010
1 1 0  :e	0 14 p
3 3 0	2 2 0

Piony Seeds, the pound	—.	—

Piftachias or Nux Piftachix, the pound ■ ■ — ■ ■ if not imported dire&ly from the place 1 of its growth, the pound	—.

Pix Burgundiae, the hundred weight •*-Polypodiuin, the pound	—

046

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

9.

o

o

o

o

o

o

1

0

1

o

8

8

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

6

o

6

6

0

H

9

9

6

1

2

2i

1

O

O

0

4

8

1

19

10

4

°!

ii

1

2

6

t

Digitized by

Google

INWARDS.

Drugs, coodnoed.

■	- Potinm Montana m, the pound	__

■	-----■ Pomegranate Peels, the hundred weight

■	—	Pompholix, the pound	—	—%

■ ----- Poppy Seeds, the pound	——

■	—	Pnxnelloes, the pound	—	—

■. - ■. pfylliom, the pound	—r

— Radix Biftorte, the hundred weight —

-	— — Radix Caffuminar, the pound	—

■	Radix Contrayervse, the pound	—

■	1 ~ imported by tne Ead India company,

the pound	—	—

—— Radix Ends Campanae, the hundred weight ■■■■■■■ - Radix Eringii, the pound	—	—

■ ■ Radix Efulae, the pound —	^

■■ - - ■ Radix Hypocacuana, the pound ■■ ■	Radix Met Athamantici, the pound	—•

—	Radix Phu, the pound —	—

■	■	Radix Scorcionera, theponnd	^

■ "■ ■■ Radix Seneca, the pound	—	—

»	Radix	Serpen tariae, the	pound	—

■	......Radix Tormentiliae, the hundred weight

■	- Red Lead, the hundred weight

1	—— Refina jalapii, the pound

-------Refina Scammonii, the	ponnd	—

■i	Rhabarbarom or Rhabarb, the pound	—

■ ■— imported by the Eaft India company, the pound	—

Rhinehurft, the hundred weight	—

d.

£• u d.

- Rofalgar. vide Arfenic.

•	Saccharum Saturni, the pound

•	Saffron, the pound	—

•	Sago, the pound	—

pound	—	—

—	Sal Alkali, the pound —	—

—	Sal Ammoniacum, the hundred weight N.3. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions

under which Sal Ammoniacum may be entered with out payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. cap. 15.

—	Sal Gem, the hundred weight	—

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftric

dons, under which Sal Gem may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. cap. 15.

■— Sal Prunelbe, the pound	-*■

■	■—	Sal Succini, the pound —

—	Sal Tamarifci, the pound -r —

—— Sal Tartari, the pound	—

—	Sal Vitrioii, the pound —	f—

—	Sal Volatile Ammox^ci, the pound

0	0		O	O	1
0	4	8	O	O	0
0	0	1	O	O	
0	0	U	O	O	1
0	0	3	O	O	2
0	0	•i	O	O	X
0	4	8	O	3	2
0	0	4	O	0	
0	0	0	O	0	4
0	0	6	O	0	4
0	6	4,	O	4	2
0	0	li	O	0	X
0	0		O	0	it
0	1	8	O	1	1
0	0	14	O	0	1
0	0	li	O	0	X
0	0	3	O	0	2
0  0	0  0	■ 2 9	O  O	0  0	?
0	3	2	O	2	I
0	3	8	O	2	S
0	3	2	O	2	X
0	3	2	O	2	X
0	1	6	O	l	0
0	1	6	O	X	0
0	6	4	O	4	2
0	0	3	O	0	2
0	2	6	O	1	8
0	0	3	O	0	2
0	0	3	O	0	2
0	0	6	O	0	4
0	4	8	O	0	0
0	4	8	O	0	0



o

o 9 o 9 o a o 2

0 4

Digitized by

Google

SCHEDULE A.

INWARDS.

Drugs, continued.

■	*	■■	■■■	Sal Volatile Cornu Cervi, the pound

■	Salep,	the	pound	—

- if not imported diredlly from the place of its growth, the pound

-------Sandracha.	vide	Gum	Sandrake,

1 ■ ■ Sanguis Draconis, the pound

■ ■ ■■■ if not imported diredlly from the place of its growth, the pound	—

—	—	imported	by	the	Eaft	India	company,	the

pound

Duty.

o o

o o

■■ ■ Sanguis Hirci, the pound	—	—

—— Sarfaparilla, the pound —	—

■ - Saflafras Wood or Roots, the hundred weight —— Saunders Red, the hundred weight —

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, under which Saunders Red may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. i. cap. 15 ■■■ Saunders White, the pound	—	—

1 ■ Saunders Yellow, the pound	—

■	—	—	imported	by the Eaft India company,

the pound	—	—

— Scammony. vide Diagredium.

Scincus Marin us, each Scordium, the pound —

—	Sebeftines, the pound —

-----Seeds for Gardens, the pound

—	Seler Montanus, the pound

—	Semen Cucumeris, Cucurb, Citrol, Melon, the

pound

—— Sena, the pound

•— if not imported direttly from the place of its growth, the pound

■	-— imported by the Ealt India company, the

pound	—	—

—	Sj>erma Cceti, coarfe and oily, the hundred weight N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftriftions,

under which head matter or other produce of whales or other Creatures living in the fea, taken and caught in any part of the ocean by the crew of any lhip or veflel built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the iflands of Guernfcy, Jerfey, or Man, wholly owned by his Majefty’s fubjedls ufually refiding therein refpe&ively, jnay be admitted to entry and landed without pay-ment of any duty whatever, vide 26 Geo. 3. cap. 41; and 26 Geo. 3. cap. 50.

-----Sperma Cceti fine, the pound

—	Spikenard, the pound —

■	■	imported	by	the	Eaft India company,

the pound

o 1

o

17

Spiritus Cornu Cervi, the pound Spiritus Vitfioli, the pound

Digitized by

Google

\C•

0

o

2 O

0 0 3

O

O

o

o

o

o

o

li

Drawbad

0	0	8	0	0	s
0	1	4	Q	0	11
0	I	4	0	0	II  .1
0  0	0  0	8  1	0 0	0  Q	%

0 0

0 0 5

0 1 4

0 0 1

0 1 0

i;8/.] Anno vicefimo feptimo Georgii III. c, 13. SCHEDULE A.

I N W A R D.S.

Drugs, continued.

■' ■■ -■ Sponge, the pound	—

■	—	if not imported diredUy from the place

of its growth, the pound

-	Squilla, the hundred weight.

•------imported by the Eaft India company, the

hundred weight

-	1	Squinanthum, the pound

—	■	■ —	■■	if	not imported diredHy from the

place of its growth, the pound —— Stave (acre, the hundred weight	—

----- Stechados, the pound —	^

■	Storax Calamita, the pound	—

—	------  if	not	imported diredtly from the place

of its growth, the pound

■	■»■ — imported by the Eaft India company,

• the pound	—	—

- ■ - ■ ■■ Storax Liqnida, the pound —	—•

—	■ — if not imported direftly from the place of its growth, the pound

■■ ■■' ■■ Soccus Liquoritiae, the hundred weight Sulphur Vivnm, the hundred weight

—	— ■ Talc Green, the pound —	—

—	■ Talc White, the pound	—	—

—■ Tamarinds, the pound	—	—

■	- - »■ * imported by the Eaft India company,

the pound	—	—

—	1 Tapioca, the pound	—	—

—	Tartarum Vitriolatum, the pound —

—	Terra J^panica, the pound — x —

~	— Terra Lemma, the pound	—	—

--------Terra Sigillata, the pound	—	—

Thlafpii Semen, the pound	—	—

Torofal, the hundred weight	—

~	Treacle common, the pound	—

—	Treacle of Venice, the pound	—

—	■ Turbith, the pound	—	—

■	---if not imported diredUy from the place

of its growth, the pound —

- "	—	■ imported by the Eaft India company,

the pound	—	—

—■* 1 ■■ Turbith Thapfiae, the pound	—

■ Turmeric, the pound	—	^	—

■	■■ —— imported by the Eaft India company,

the pound —	—

—	>	■ Turpentine common, the hundred weight

—	Turpentine of Venice, Scio, or Cyprus, the pound Turpentine of Germany, or of any other place not

otnerwife enumerated, the hundred weight —■	Vamilh, the hundred weight	—-

Verdigreafe common, the pound	—

—	Vcrdigreafe cryftalli^cd, the poyn4 ?+

Digitized by

Google

>nty. j		9*  Drawback.		
i.	d, i	c~	h	d.
O	9	0.	0.	6
2	3	0	I	6
2	6	0	1	8
2	6	0	X	8
0	4	0	0	2i
I	0	0	0	8
8	9	0	5	10
0	2	0	0	it
0	9	0	0	6
2	3	0	X	6
0	9	0	0	6
0	4	0	0	2i
I	0	0	0	8
8	0	0	0	0
6	8	0	4	5
0	2	0	0	it
0	2	0	0	it
0	2	0	0	it
0	2	0	0	it
0	2	0	o'	it
0	3	0	0	a
0	4	0	0	2i
0	6	0	0	
0	6	0	0	4
0	2	0	0	it
4	8	0	0	0
0	4	0	0	2l
1	6	0	1	0
1	0	0	0	$
3	0	0	2	0
1	0	0	0	8
0	5	0	0	3t
0	2	0	0	it
0	2	0	0	it
2	3	0	X	6
0	4	0	0	2i
12	9	0	8	6
8	9	0	5	10
0	3	0	0	0
1	0	0	0	9
				

INWARDS.

Drugs, continued.

— Vifcus Quercinus, the pound mt 1 ■ Vitriolam Romanum, the pound

of its growth, the pound Umber, the hundred weight • Ungulse Alcis, the too Hoofs

White Lead, the hundred weight	—

«■ — — — — imported by the Eaft India comp: the hundred weight	—

— Worm Seeds, the pound	—

place of its growth, the pound

■	■ *— imported by the Eaft India co

pany, the pound	—

—..... ■ Zedoaria, the pound —	—

■	' ■ - — ■ if not imported dire&ly from the pb

of its growth, the pound —

■ imported by the Eaft India compai the pound —	—

£•

Earthen Ware, viz.

Bricks, the thoufand	—

Galley Tiles, the foot fquare Paving Tiles not exceeding ten the thoufand	—

> Paving Tiles exceeding ten i the thoufand	—

Pan Tiles, the thoufand

Ebony, vide Wood.

Eels, vide Fifti.

Eggs, the hundred containing fix fcore	—

Elephants Teeth, the hundred weight	•—

1 — ■ ■ imported by the Eaft India company, the hun dred weight	»•—	—

Elks Hair, vide Hair.

Elks Skins, vide Skint.

Emeralds, vide Diamonds.

Emery Stones, vide Stones.

Enamel, the pound	—mmm

Eftridge Wool, vide WooL

F.

Feathers, viz*

-	■-— Feathers for Beds, the hundred weight —

■■ 11	—	■ of Mufcovy or Ruffia im

ported in a foreign fhip, the hundred weight ■ ■■ 1 Ollrich or Eftridge Feathers drefted, the pound

—-------—?	» ■'	■	■	■■	updrefled	the	pound,

Kgs. fide Grocery,

Digitized by

Google

£•	/.	d.
0	0	10
0  c	0	2
0	0	6
0	4	S
0	3	3
0  »	4	5
0	4	5
0  »	0	6
0	1	6
0	0	6
0  •	0	6
0	1	6
0	0	6
0	7	2
I 0	12	2
0  t	0	3
1  }	9	9
2	6	3
2	12	10
O	0	5
I	6	5
- X	10	10

e 3 4

1

10

5

[1787.

Drawback.

£• *• 4%

007 o o ij

004

0211

022

0211

0211

004

o 1 0

004

004

O I 0

004

o 6 8

OIIS

0	0 s{

1	8 j

249

2	8 10

004

* 4 J

I 8 10

ox4

*	3 J

*	3 5 o 7 101

o 3 il

SCHEDULE A.	Duty.	Drawback.
INWARDS. Fins of Whales, vide Whale Fins.  Fire Wood, vide Wood.  Fir Quarters, vide Wood.  Filh, vie.	£• /.	£• *• a
— Anchovies, the barrel containing 16 pounds of fifli —— fiotargo. vide in B.  	Caviare, vide in C.	0 2 1	0 1 10
— Eels, viz. Quick Eels, the Blip’s lading ——  —— Lob tiers.  N.B. For the free importation of Lobfters, vide 1 Geo. 1. ftac. 2. cap. 18.	4 13 6	3 18 6
— Oyfters, the bufhel — —•	0 0 6	000
— Stock-Fifh, the 120 —	O 2 I	0 , 4
—	Sturgeon, the keg — —  —— Turbots.  N.B. For the free importation of Turbots, vide 1 Geo. 1. fiat. 2. cap. 18.  —	Fifh caught and taken by Britifh fubjeds.  N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and re&ridions, under which fuch fi(h may be imported without payment of duty, vide the ad to which this Schedule is annexed.	034	0 111
Flannel, the yard — —  Flax, viz.  — drefied, imported in a Britilh-built fhip, the hundred	N  O  O	006
weight — — —  — — ■ imported in a foreign lhip, the hundred	S 4 $	4 17 6
weight — —  *— rough or undrefied, imported in a Britifh-built fhip, the hundred weight  hundred weight —  N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and refiridions, under which rough or undrefied Flax may be imported without payment of any duty whatever, vide 4 Geo. 2. cap. 27. And for die conditions, regulations, and refiridions, under which-any fort of Flax and ail the prod udion thereof, as Thread, Yarn, and Linen of the manufadure of Ireland, or any manu-fadure of Flax in Ireland may be imported from thence dnty-free, vide 7 and 8 W. 3. cap. 39; and 16 Geo. a. cap. 26.  Flint Stones for Potters, the ton containing- 20 hundred	588	4 17 0
	0 4 10 0 5 1	0 0  VI VI
weight — — —	010	OOO
Flocks, the hundred weight -r	O S H	O 7 IO
Friie of Ireland, the yard — —  Farriers Wafie fit only for making Glue, the hundred	0 0 is	OO5
^ weight — — • —. ' Fan. vide Skins.  Faftkk. vide wood,  >rv Digitized by CjOCK^Ic	0  (A  0	O  O  > *

94

Anno vicefimo leptimo GfioRGii III. c. 13. [1787.

Doty. jDrawback.

SCHEDULE A.

INWARDS.

G.

Garnets, viz.

—— Rough, the pound	—	-**

■----—	imported by the Eafl India company, the

pound	—	—

-	' Cut, the pound	—	—

— imported by the Eafl India company, the pound	—	—

Galls, the hundred weight	—	—

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions under which Galls may be entered without pay ment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. cap. I >.

Geneva, vide Spirits.

Ginger, vide Grocery.

—■ - - - Green, vide Drugs.

Glafs, viz.

—	- Bottles, vide Bottles.

* Broken fit only to be re-manufa&ured, the hundred

weight	—	—	—

Glovers Clippings, fit only to make Glue, the hundred

o weight	—	----•	—

Glue, the hundred weight	. •—	—

Goats Hair, vide Hair.

Goats Skins, vide Skins.

Grain or Scarlet Powder, the pound Grain of Seville in Berries, and Grains of Portugal or

Rotta, the pound	—	----

Grains, viz. Guiney Grains, the pound	—

Graves, for Dogs, the hundred weight	—

Grave Stones, vide Stones.

Grcafe.

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reflric tions, under which Greafe may be imported dutyfree, vide 7 Geo. 3. cap. 12; and 26 Geo. 3 cap. 53.

Greenland Seas.

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, under whi<;h Whale Fins, Oil or Blubber of Whales, Seal Oil or Seal Skins, or any other produce of Seals or other Fifli or Creatures taken or caught in the Greenland Seas, or Davis’s Streights, or in the Seas adjacent, by Britifh fubjeds ufually refiding in Great Britain or Ireland, or 4n the ifiands of Guernfey, Jerfey or Man, may be imported in firitifh-built (hips without payment of*duty, vide 26 Geo. 3. cap. 41; and 26 Geo. 3. cap. 50.

Grocery, viz.

■*-	Almonds,	viz.

—.....—	- Jordan, the hundred weight —

Digitized by

Google

£• *• d*	£• i-
0 + 5	0 3 n
056	050
0 *3 3	Oil 9
1 9 9	. 8 3
0 4- 5	000

o 1	3

O I

o 4

4l

5

° o 9

004*

002

o Oil

z 6

1 0

o 1	3

0311

° 7

o 3l o !i o 10

* 3 3

SCHEDULE A.

Doty.

95

Drawback.

INWARDS.

Grocery, continued

-	—	Almonds,	viz.

of any other fort (except bitter A1 monds), the hundred weight ■	bitter,	vide	Drugs.

■ ....Annifeeds, the hundred weight	—

— ----Cinnamon, the pound

£• s. si.

£* S. dm

imported bv the Eaft India company, tne pouna	—	—

—— Clove3, the pound	—	—

■-	-	imported by the Eaft India company,

the pound	—	—

■ Currants, viz.

--------- imported in a Britifh-built fhip, the

hundred weight	—

■ - imported in a foreign fhip, the hundred weight	—	—

— — Dates, the hundred weight	—

—	figs, viz.

—	imported in a Britifh-built fhip, the hundred

weight	—	—

-----imported in a foreign fhip, the hundreci

weight	—	—

—	Ginger of the Britifh plantations, the hundred

weight	—	—

■	—— not of the Britifh plantations, the hun-

dred weight	—	—

—	■■ Liquorice Juice, vide Succus Liquoritiae, under

Drugs.

---------Powder, the hundred weight

~i-- Root, the hundred weight —

—	.Mace, the pound	—	—

—	imported by the Eaft India company, the

pound	—	—

— Nutmegs, the pound	—	—

■	-	■	■ imported by the Eaft India company,

the pound	—	—

—— Pepper, on importation by the Eaft India company to be warehoufed, the pound N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, under which fuch Pepper may be warehoufed on im portation, vide 8 Anne, cap. 7; 10 Anne, cap. 26; 8 Geo. 1. cap. 15.

-------when taken out of fuch warehoufe for

home confumption, the pound —— Pimento, of the Britifh plantations, the pound ■■ ■	■ not of the Britifh plantations, the pound

—	■ Plumbs dried, the pound —	—

—	Prunes, the hundred weight	—

—■ ■ « Raiiins, viz.

—	of the fun, imported in a Britifh-built

fhip, the hundred weight

Digitized by

Google

3	2	1	1	8
3	2	1	1	8
4	3	0	4	0
4	5	0	4	0
2	8	0	2	5
2	8	0	2	S
3	4	1	1	9
4	10	1	1	9
6	3	2	3	3
12	10"	0	12	0
!3	4^	0	12	0
11	0	0	10	6
8	0	1	6	0
12	1	2	11	1
8	10	1	8	0
4	0	0	3	8
4	0	0	3	8
2	0	0	1	10
2	0'	0	1	10
0	oi	0	0	#

o 6

0 3

o 6

° 3

12 5

o 18 8

OOO 0 0 2 OO5 0 0 2 083

o 17 6



SCHEDULE A.	Duty.	Drawback
I N W A R D. S. Grocery, continued.	£• d*  1	C *. d.
the hundred weight - ' ■■ Smyrna, imported in a Britifh-built (hip	0 19 X  f	0 17 6
the hundred weight	0 11 5  e	0 10 10
hundred weight »■ ■— Lexia, imported in aBncifh-built(hip, tbi	0 11 8  5	0 10 10
hundred weight —	080  »	078
hundred weight —  » Faro, imported in a Britifh-built fhipj	081  »	678
the hundred weight	O80  1	078
hundred weight —  ■ - ■ — Lipra or Belvidere, imported in a Britilh-	081	078
built (hip, the hundred weight	083	0 7 11
the hundred weight —  ■ ■—r Denia and all other Raifins not otherwife enumerated, imported in a Britiih-built (hip, the hundred weight  cd in a foreign (hip, the hundred	° 8 5	0 7 11
	071	0 6 10
weight — —	072	0 6 to
■■ ■— Sugar-Candy, brown, the hundred weight	2150	2 so 0
company, the hundred weight	4 19 0 426	4 !4 0  3 1.5 0
company, the hundred weight  ■■ ■ — Sugar, viz.	786	7 1 0
> ■ ■ » refined, the hundred weight —  ■ ■ — ■ brown and Mufcovado, not of the Britiih	4 18 8	4 10 2
plantations, the hundred weight » — white, not of the Britiih plantations, the	172	1 5 1
hundred weight —  *■■ ■ ■ -' brown and Mufcovado, of the Britiih	256	2 1 10
plantations, the hundred weight — ■ ■ white, of the Britiih plantations, the	0124	0124
hundred weight ■—  -- — from any of the Britiih colonies or plantations on the continent of America, upon the importation to be warehoufed.	I g 0	1 9 0
the hundred weight —  N.F. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, to which fuch Sugar is fubjeft upon importation, vide 6 Geo. 3. cap 52.  ■— ■ ■ when taken out of fuch warehoufe, in order to be ufed in this kingdom, the	003	000
hundred weight —	1 6 11	000

Digitized by LiOOQie

97

[Drawback.

INWARDS.

Grogrcm Yam. vide Yarn.

Guemfey. vide Jerfey, ifland of.

Guinea Wood, vide Wood.

Gunpowder, viz. Corn Powder, the hundred weight *' 1 Serpentine Powder, the hundred weight

H.

Hair, viz,

— Camels, the pound	—	—-

—	Cow or Ox, the hundred weight

—— Elks, the hundred weight	—

—	Goats, viz.

■ Carmenia wool, the pound —

■■	■■	— ■—*■■■■ imported by the Eaft India

company, the pound N.B. For the exemption from duty on any L>oats Hair or Turkey Goats Wool,* vide 24 Geo. 3. fcC 2. cap. 21.

•— Horie, the pound	—	—

----Human, the pound

Hair-Powder, vide Powder*

Hams, vide Bacon.

HandbaiketJ. vide Baflcets.

Hfcndfcoops, the dozen	—	*	—

Handfpikes. vide Wood.

Hare’s Wool, vide Wool.

Harp Strings, the grofs containing 12 dozen knots Hats, viz.

—	Baft or Straw Hats or Bonnets, each hat or bonnet not

exceeding 22 inches in diameter, the dozen —^-Baft or Straw Hats or Bonnets, each hat or bonnet ex ceeding 22 inches in diameter, the dozen Chip, Cane, or Horfe-hair Hats or Bonnets, each hat or bonnet not exceeding 22 inches in diameter, the dozen	—	—

—	Chip, Cane, or Horfe-hair Hats or Bonnets, each hat

or bonnet exceeding 22 inches in diameter, the dozen	—	—

—	made of, or mixed with, felt, hair, wool, or beaver,

the hat	—	—

Hay, the load containing 36 trades, each trufs being 56 pounds	—	—

Headings, vide Stares, under Wood.

Head-matter.

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&idns, under which Head-matter taken and caught in any part of the ocean by the crew of any fliip or vefle built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the lflands of Guernfey, lerfey or Man, wholly owned by hi Majefty’s fubjefis ofually redding therein refpe&ively, may be admitted to entry and landed without pay ment of any duty whatever, vide 26 Geo. 3. cap* 41; and 26 Geo. 3. cap. 50,	'

VOL. XXXVI.	H	Digitized by Google

£■ d. L

1 «J 1 a

o o

o o

o

2

0 0

O 2

° 5

il

6

9

6

3 6

o 7 * 4

o 11

d.

in 3 o 19 6

o_ o 7 076 o 7	6

007

ooft

008

000

o 0 10

O 2	2

O 2 (5,

0 5 0

0	3 .1

063

1	19 o o 10 9



c.

INWARDS.

Heath for bruflies, the hundred weight	~

Hemp, viz.

—	■ — drefTed, imported in a Britifh-built (hip, the hun-|

dred weight	—	—

«■ ■	■— imported in a foreign lhip, the hunc

weight —	—	—

—	■■	■ rough or undrefled, imported in a Britifh-built £

the hundred height —	—

■ - —«—■- imported in a foreign lhip, hundred weight N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, under which a Ay fort of hemp of the growth of Ireland and all the produ&ion thereof, as thread, yarn, and linen of the manufa&ure of Ireland or any manufacture of hemp in Ireland, may be im ported from thence duty-free, vide 7 & 8 W. 3 cap. 39; and 16 Geo. 2. cap. 26. And for the conditions, regulations, and reflriftions, under which ' hetnp of tne produce of the Britifh plantations in Ataerica may be imported duty-free, vide 8 Geo. 1 capk2.

Hides, viz.	^

— Coi' or Ox Hides, in tne Hair, the piece — N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri£tions1 under which raw or undreded hides of cattle of what| kind foever (except of horfes, mares, or geldings may be imported without payment of any duty from] Ireland or any of the Britifh colonies in America, vide 9 Geo. 3. cap. 39; and 21 Geo. 3. cap. 29 Cow or Ox Hides tanned, the pound —

Elk. vide-Skins.

of Horfes, Mares, or Geldings, in the Hair, the piece|

■■ ■	—	 -	■- ■■ — ■ tanned, the pound

» Indian Hides undreHed, the piece	—

— - ~ Lorn Hides, the pound —	—

—	■ Mitfcovy or Rullia Hides tanned, the pound

Hones, the hundred containing 5 fcore	——

Honey, the barrel containing 42 gallons	—

Hoops of lion for Calks, the hundred weight —

of Wood for Coopers, the thoufand —

Hops, the hundred weight	—	—

Hbrds of Cows or Oxin, the hundred containing 5 fcore

—	—■ ■ - of Harts or Stags, vide Drugs.

Horn-Tips, the hundred containing 5 fcore —

Horfe Hair, vide Hair.

■■ ■ -----— Hats or Bonnets, vide Hats.

------Hides, vide Hifies.

Horfes, M^tcs, or Geldings, the Horfe, Mare or Gelding N.B. For the free importation of cattle from Ireland vide c Geo. 3. cap. 10; and 16 Geo. 3. cap. 8. Homan Hdir. vide Hair.

Hnngary-Water. vide Sjriritt. o

Doty.	3rawba
£■ *•J-	£■ '■
0 4 S	0 3 I
240	i 19
2 6 9	1 19 l
0 3 8	0 3
0 3 11	0 3

009

0 0

0	0	5
0	0	9
0	0	5*
0	1	2
0	0	10
0	0	8
0	11	0
0	8	10
0	11	5
0	5	11
5	1810	
0	1	10
0	0	7
2	4	0

0	0	(

0	0	I

0	0	(

0	1	<i

0	0	<

0	0	i

O	JO	'c

0	7	14

0	Q	<

0	5	3

4	3	i

0	1	?

0 0

119

Digitized by Google

j;?7*] Anno viceflmo feptlmo GeoROU III. C. SCHEDULE A.	■  Duty.	99  Drawback;
INWARDS. .  I.  Jcrfey, iAiod of.  N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, under which goods, wares, and merchandize (except fait) of the growth, produce, and manufa&ure of tne iHands of Jerfey, Guernfey, Sark or Alderney, may be imported without payment of cuftpms, vide 3 Geo. i. cap. 4; and 5 Geo. 1. cap. 18.	£• d.	£• d%  A
Jet, the pound — - — Jewels, vide Diamonds.	009	0 0 s
incle unwrought or Short Spinne|, the pound —•	0 0 3i	000
— wrought, the dozen pounds — — Iodian-Corn. vide Corn.	1 9 4	1 5 4
Iodico, the pound — —  N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, under which Indico may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. 1. cap. 15.	006	000
Ink for Printers, the hundred weight — — Iron, viz.	0 8 10	0 7 10
— in Bars or unwrought, of Ireland, the ton —  ported in a Britifh-built Blip,	I 10 10	1 7 4
the ton — — portedin a foreign lhip, the	s 16 2	2 is 9
ton — —  or Ruffia, imported in a Bri-	3 9 *	2 12
tifh-built fhip, the ton — or Raffia, imported in a foreign	2 16 2	2 12 8
fhip, the ton —  — of Ireland, flit or hammered into rods, the hundred	3 7 3	2 12 8
weight — — -	0 4 5	0 3 it
fquare, the hundred weight —  ——of Mufcovy or Ruilia, flit or hammered into rods,  and iron drawn or hammered lefs than % °f *n inch fquare, imported in a Britifh-built	0911	095
fhip, the hundred weight  and iron drawn or hammered lefs than ^ of an inch fquare, imported in a foreign fhip,	0911	0 9 i
the hundred weight —  "— of any other country, flit or hammered into rods, and iron drawn or hammered lefs than £ of an inch fquare.	0 10 3	O 9 s
the hundred weight — — •— Hoops, vide Hoops.	0 9 11	0 9 S
—- Ore, the ton — mm “ .  Digitized by vjOOQl	029  *«	026

INWARDS.

Iron. viz.

—	Old broken and old call Iron, the ton —

—	Pig Iron from the Britifh plantations, the ton

—	— f Wire, vide Wire.

N.B. Fof the conditions, regulations, and reftridtions, under which bar iron and pig iron made in his Ma

23 Geo. 2. cap. 29; and 30 Gheo. 2. cap. 16. Ifinglafs. vide Drugs.

Juice of Lemons, tne ton containing 252 gallons ■	■	- Limes, the gallon	—	—

Ivory, the pound	—	—	—

K.

Kelp, the ton	—	—•	—

Kits of Wood, vide Pails of Wood.

Knees of Oak. vide Wood.

L.

Lace, viz.

— Bone Lace of Thread, the dozen yards Lambs Wool, vide Wool.

Lamp Black, the hundred weight - —	*

Lard, the pound	—	—

vide 7 Geo. 3. cap. 12; and 26 Geo. 3. cap. $3. Lathwood. vide Wood,

Latten, viz.

-	■ - - Black, the hundred weight —	—	-

—	Shaven, the hundred weight	—

■	■	—	Wire, vide Wire.

Lawns, vide Linen.

Lead-Ore, the ton	—	—

Lead, Black, Red, or White, vide Drugs.

Leaves of Gold, the 100 leaves —	—

Lemons, the thoufand	—•	—

■	Juice of. vide Juice of Lemons.

'■ pickled, the ton containing 252 gallons Lignum-Vitae, vide Wood.

Lime-Juice, vide Juice of Limes.

Linen, viz.

------- Alexandria or Turkey plain, not exceeding one y

in width, the ell	—	—.

width, the ell Cailicoes, viz.

Eaft India company, the piece :e of callicoe of the breadth of one arter or under {hall exceed in leagt

Digitized Google

Duty* [Drawback.	
C' *•	£• i*
013 9 036  »  1	0 12 6  05°
3 *0 5 003 023	365 0 0 z| 0 2 0
0 16 6	0 15 0
0 17 8	0 is 8
1 15 3 001  9  9	I 13 3  000  '
013 3 120	0	12 3  1	0 4
0178	0 is 8
0 1 2 0 4 S	0 1 0 0 3 n
i is 3	1 13 3
d  007  n  0 0 10	006  009
le  d° 5 5  in	0 $ 0

lOI

INWARDS.

Liam, continued.

■ Callicoes, viz.

yirds i and no piece of callicoe above that breadth /hall exceed lix yards; and if any piece of callicoe /hall exceed thole lengths, the fame /hall be charged according to the refpeAive lengths of ten yards and fix yards for each piece, and Stall pay duty for the fame in that proportion for any greater or le/Ter quantity, vide 4 and 5 W. and M. cap. $.

■ and befides, for every ioo£. of the true and real value of fuch gopds accord-ing to the grofs price at which the fame /ball be publickly fold at the fales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies	-	—

The drawback of the laft mentioned further duty of /.i 6 : 1 or. to be allowed on the exportation of web goods, fhali be for every £*ioo of the true and real value thereof according to the grofs price at which fuch goods Qiall have bpen publickly fold at the fales of Die united company of merchants of England trading to the Ealt Indies, viz. r— »■ if exported to Africa	—

<■ ■ if exported to the Briti/h colonies or plantations in America	—

*-■	if	exported	to any parts or places be-

yond the feas (except to tne Briti/h colonies or plantations in America), if the /aid goods /hall have been printed, ftained, painted, or dyed in this kingdom —	—

if exported to any parts or places beyond the feas (except to Africa or the Briti/h colonies or plantations in America,) if the faid goods /hall be exported from this kingdom without having been printed, ftained, painted, or dyed therein	—	—

r— Cambricks ind French Lawns to be fecared in warehouses for exportation, the half piece, containing 6{ ells	—

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, under which Cambricks and French Lawns may be imported to be fecured in warehoufes for exportation, vide 32 Geo. 2. cap. 32; and 7 Geo. 3. cap 43,	'

*■■1 Canyas, vi^.

— ■	■	He/Tens	Canvas,	or Dutch Barrafs, the 120

ells —	-r-	—

tt ■ ' ■ Packing Canvas, Guttings, Spruce, Elbing, or Queen/borough Canvas, the 120 fUl	-

Hi

£. /• d.

16 IO 0

OOO

p 9 0

000

00c

006

1 7 c o 18 a

Digitized by

Google

Drawback. £• *•

000

x 6 10 o 11 15 o

16 10 0

14 10 o 000

* 5 $

o 16 11

ioi

INWARDS.

Linen, continued*

——* Canvas, viz.

■-«■■■ Poldavies, the bolt containing 28 ells »■■■-■ ■ Damaflc Tabling, of the manufacture of Holland or any other of the united provinces, viz.

■	not exceeding 1 ell f in breadth, the yard ■11 ■ 1 above 1 ell and under 2 ells in breadth,

i	the	yard	—	—

"	of	the	breadth of 2 ells or upwards, and

under 3 ells, the yard	—

of the breadth of 3 ells or upwards, the yard	—	-

m ■ ■ ■ Damalk Tabling of Ireland, vide Iri(h Cloth.

—	-	--------of Ruffia. vide Linen of Ruffia.

-	■	—	Damafk	Tabling	of S^lefia making, or of any otl

place not otherwife enumerated, the yard •	■	■	Damafk	Towelling	and Napkining, of the manu-

facture of Holland or any other of the united provinces, the yard	—	—	"

— —— — of Ireland, vide Irifli Cloth.

—-	-■ ■■■■ of Ruffia. vide Linen of Ruffia.

—	....of Silcfia making, or of any other

place not otherwife enumerated, the yard	—

jm Diaper Tabling of the manufacture of Holland or any other of the united provinces, viz. ‘

—■■■ ■■	■■	—	not exceeding 1 ell ^ in breadth,

the yard	—	—

■ . ———*........above 1 ell f in breadth, and un

der 2 ells, the yard —

»--■	— ■ ■ ■■ of the breadth of 2 ells or upwards

and under 3 ells, the yard v

•...............of the breadth of 3 ells, or up

wards, the yard	—

fc. Diaper Tabling of Ireland, vide Irifh Cloth.

——  ---------of Ruffia. vide Linen of Ruffia.

—	■	—	of Silcfia making* or of any other

place, not otherwife enumerated, the yard	—

»■ ■ ■— Diaper Towelling and Napkining of the manufacture of Holland or any o:her of the united pro vinces, the yard	—	—

•—..... ........of Ireland, vide Trifh Cloth.

■	■ ■■■■»■	—	of Ruffia. vide Linen of Ruffia.

»	—	-	of Silefia making, or of any other

place not otherwife enumerated; the yard	—

■■■	—	Drillings	and	Packduck, the 120 ells —

——— Flanders and Holland Linen plain, not otherwife

£•	
0	00  so
0	5 4
0	6 2
0	7 0
0	4
0	I 3
0	1 11

enumerated, viz.

not exceeding 1 ell breadth, the ell

in

00 5

025

0210

° 3 2 048

oil

o p 10

° 5 5 4

o 1 4

Digitized by

Google

INWARDS.	•	'* d

iaen, continued.

■	Flanders and Holland Linen, viz. above i ell and under 2

ells, in breadth, the ell > of the breadth of 2 ells or upwards, and under 3 ells, the ell

of the breadth of 3 ells or upwards, the ell German, Switzerland, Eaft country (except Raffia) and Silefia Cloth, plain, viz.

-	~	■	above	the breadth of 314 inches,

and not exceeding 36 inches, the 120 ells

■	above	36 inches in breadth, the

120 ells — #	—

,1 ■	■	— * not above 31 \ inches in breadth,

the 120 ells Hinderlands, Brown, viz.

»-■	under	214	inches in breadth, the 120

e!ls .	^

—	Iriih Cloth, Plain, not exceeding 36 inches in

breadth, the 120 ells

exceeding 36 inches in breadth, the 120 ells	—	—

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, under which linen (except cambricks and lawns, vide 7 Geo. 3. cap. 43), of the manufacture of Ireland, not being chequered, ftriped, printed, painted, ftain-ed or dyed, may be entered without payment of duty, vide 7 and 8 W. 3. cap. 39 ; and 16 Geo. 2. cap. 26.

—	Lawns, viz.

—	"■ 1 Silefia and all other lawns plain (except

lawns of the manufacture of the European dominions of the French king), not bleached in Holland, the piece not ex ceeding 8 yards in length	o	3

■	-	Silefia	and	all	other lawns plain (except

lawns of the manufacture of the European dominions of the French king bleached in Holland, the piece not exceeding 8 yards in length —	—■

—	Oil Cloth, not exceeding yard wide, the ejl • exceeding yard wide, the ell

o 1 7

019

027

3	1 S

4	14 5 * 4 7

o 16

0124 2 5 4

Packduck. vide Drilling.

Raffia Linen, Plain, viz.

■--------Towelline and Napkining pf the manufacture

of Ruffia, not exceeding 224 inches in breadth, imported in a Britiih-built lhip, the 120 ells *	—	—

rrr ■ * Towelling and Napkining of the manufac-lUfC of Ruffia, not exceeding 22I inches in

Digitized by Google

3 10

0 4

9 7

*5 5

>°S

(Drawback.

o V S 017

O 2	(

2 16 5

4 9 5 1	2	7

• >5 I 011	4

» 4 4

o 2 10 ° J 7

0	0	4

O0$

o 14 0

INWARDS.

Linen, continued.

■—	11 Ruffia Linen, via.

? t	breadth.	Imported	in a foreign (hip, the

120 ells —	—	—

—— ■■ Narrow Ruffia Linen, not otherwife enume-* T	rated,	not exceeding 22^ inches in breadth

imported in a Briti(H-built (hip, the 120 2	_	ells	-	_	—

j>....- Narrow Ruffia Linen, not otherwife enume

rated, not exceeding 22* inches in breadth imported in a foreign (hip, the 120 ells Linen Cloth and Diaper of Ruffia, not other-. wife enumerated, exceeding 22^ inches in breadth, and not exceeding 3\\inches, im-;	ported	in	a Britilh-built (hip, the 120 ells

Linen Cloth and Diaper of Ruffia, not other wife enumerated, exceeding 22^ inches in breadth, and not exceeding 31^ inches, imported in a foreign (hip, the 120 ells !■■■ Linen Cloth and Diaper of Ruffia, not other-wife enumerated, exceeding 3 inches in breadth, and not exceeding 36 inches, imported in a Britilh-built (hip, the 120 ells

------Linen Cloth and Diaper of Ruffia, not other

wife enumerated, exceeding 31^ inches in breadth, and not exceeding 36 inches, imported in a foreign (hip, the 120 ells '—Linen Cloth and Diaper of Ruffia, not other-wife enumerated, exceeding 36 inches in breadth, and not exceeding 45 inches, imported in a Britilh-built (hip, the izo ells 1 ■■ Linen Cloth and Diaper of Ruffia, not other-wife enumerated, exceeding 36 inches in breadth, and not exceeding 45 inches, imported in a foreign (hip, the 120 ells ■■ » Linen Cloth and Diaper of Ruffia, not other-wife enumerated, exceeding 45 inches in breadth, imported in a Britilh-built (hip, the 120 ells	—	—

——- — Linen Cloth and Diaper of Ruffia, hot other wife enumerated, exceeding 45 inches in breadth, imported in a foreign (hip, the 120 ells	—	—

r Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck of Holland, or of any other of the united provinces, not exceeding 36 inches in breadth, the 120 ells —	—

-■- Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck of Holland or of any other of the united provinces, exceeding 36 inches in breadth, the 120 ells	—	—

T1 — Sail Cloth, or Sail Ducjc of Ruffia, not exceeding 36 inches in breadth, imported in a Britilh-built jffiip, the 120 ells	—	—

Digitized by

Google

I. c. 15.  Duty. 1	t'7«i  Drawbac
C- - d.	£■ * -
0 16 I	9 14 1
0 16 5	015 1
0 17 2	015 1  '
* \ 7	t » 1
1 s 8	1 * ?
1 ><> 11	113 it
1 18 6	1 ij 11
3 9"	3 6'j
311 6	3 t|
4 14 S	4 9 5
4 17 2	4 9 i  J
2 3 \	0 0 0
3 16 1	0  0
21 9	0  0  0

INWARDS.

Linen, continued.

......Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck of Ruffia, not exceeding

36 inches in breadth, imported in a foreign ffiip; the 120 ells	—	—	—

■	■ ■ ■■ ■ Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck of Ruffia, exceeding 36

inches in breadth, imported in a Bxitilh-built ihip, the 120 ells	—	—	—

■	— Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck of Ruffia, exceeding 36,

inches in breadth, imported in a foreign ihip, the 120 ells	—	—	—

■	—■ Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck, not otherwife enumerared.

not exceeding 36 inches in breadth, the 120 ells

■	Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck, not otherwife enumerated,

exceeding 36 inches in breadth, the iso ells ' ■— ■ Sail Cloth, or Canvas, of the manufacture of Ire land, on which the bounty of 4d. the yard has been there granted, being of the value of \\d. the yard or upwards, the yard -a	—

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, concerning fuch Sail Cloth or Canvas, vide 23 Geo. 2 cap. 32.

—	Sail Cloth, or Canvas, of the manufa&ure of Ireland,

on which the bounty of id. the yard has been there granted, being of the value of 10d. the yard, and under the value of 14^. the yard, the yard N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and rednClions, concerning fuch Sail Cloth or Canvas, vide 23 Geo. 2. cap. 32.

Sheets old, the piece ‘	—	—

—	— ■ Spanifh or Portugal Linen plain, viz.

■	— not exceeding 36 inches in breadth, the ell

- exceeding 36 inches in breadth, the ell

—	Turkey Lincq. vide £inen of Alexandria, f/ufeed. vide Seed.

Liquorice, vide Grocery.

■	■ ■ Juice, vide Succus Liquoritiae, under Drugs, litharge of Gold or Silver, vide Drugs.

Litmus,, the hundred weight	—	—

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and rcftri&ions, under which Litmus may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. I. cap. 15. Lobflers. vide Fifti.

Logwood, vide Wood.

Lumber, vide Wood.

Luteftrings or Catlings, the grofs containing twelve dozen knots —	—	—	—

M.

Mace, vide Grocery.

Madder, the hnndred weight.	—	—

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reflri&ions, under which Madder may be entered without pay J&ctat of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. i. cap. 15.

Digitized by Google

105

Drawback,

d.

/.

d.

3 «4 9

16

2	1	9

3	*4 9

004

000

000

000

000

000

000

o o

000

o 6

o o

o

o

4*

7%

3 4

000

026

° 4

022

O Q

SCHEDULE A.

INWARDS.

Madder Root, vide Drugs.

Mahogany, vide Wood.

Maize, vide Corn.

Man, Ifle of.

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, under which beftials and other goods, wares, and merchandize, of the growth, produce, and manufacture of the lfle of Man (with exceptions as to fome articles) may be imported diredly from thence without payment of cuftoms, vide 5 Geo. 3. cap. 43. Maps, the map	—	—	—

Marble, vide Stones.

Mares, vide Horfes.

Marmalade, vide Drugs.

Mads, vide Wood.

Mats of Ruflia, viz.

•— imported in a Britilh-built fhip, the hundred containing five fcore —	—	—

——imported in a foreign ihip, the hundred containing nve fcore	—	—	— '

Matting of Barbary or Portugal, the yard	—

—	of Holland, the yard —	—

Meal, vide Corn.

Mead, the hoglhead containing 63 gallons — Medlars, the bafhei —	—	—

Melafies, viz.

—	■ 1 * of and from the Britifh. plantations in America

the hundred weight	—	—

-v» not of and from the Britifh plantations in America, the hundred weight	—	—

Metal, viz.

—— ■ ■ ■ Leaf (except of leaf gold) the packet containing 250 leaves	—	—	—

—	" prepared for battery, the hundred weight Metheglin, the hogihead containing 63 gallons Millboards, vide Pafteboards, under Wood.

Millftones. vide Stones.

Mohair Yaru. vide Yarn.

Morels, the pound ‘	—	—

Mofs, viz.

—	Rock Mofs for dyers ufe, the ton containing twenty

hundred weight	—	—	—

Mum, the barrel containing 32 gallons	«—

N.B. Subjed alfo to the duty of excife.

Mullard Sped, vide Seed.

N.

Neats Tongues, the dozen *	—

—	— —y ■	■ of Ireland, vide beef.

tyecJclacfs. vide Bracelets.

Nicaragua Wood, vide Wood*

Nutmegs, vide Grocery.

Duty

o o

o 11

o 11

o o P O

o 8

O 2

O II

0	o

1	11

p 8

o 1

O I

Digitized by L,ooQle

*7®7*J Anno vkefimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 13,	ioy

SCHEDULE A.	Doty.	[Drawback.

INWARDS.

Nats, viz,

— Chefnuts, the bufhel	•*>	—

— ----Small Nuts, thtf bufhel	—	r—

■■ ■ — Walnuts, the bufhel	—	—

O.

Oak Bark (when allowed to be imported) the hundred weight	—	—	—	—

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reflations, under which Oak Bark may be imported, vide 12 Geo. 3. cap. 50; and 24 Geo. 3. fefl. a. cap. 19,

Oak Boards, vide wood.

Oakcr, the bufhel	—	—	—

Oakham, the hundred weight	—

Oak Plank, vide Wood.

Oak Timber, vide Wood.

Oars, vide Wood.

Oats, vide Corn.

Oil, viz.

—	Sailad Oil, imported in a Britifh-built fhip, the gallon

— ■ imported in a foreign fhip, the gallon

—	Ordinary Oil of Olives, imported in a Britifh-built

fhip, the ton containing 252 gallons — Ordinary Oil of Olives, imported in a foreign fhip, the ton containing 252 gallons	—

—	Rape and Linfeed Oil, the ton containing 252 gal-

lons	—	—

—	Oil of Hemp Seed, or any other Seed Oil, not other-

wife enumerated, the ton containing 252 gallons

—	Train Oil, or Blubber, or Fifh Oil, of foreign fifhing,

the ton containing 252,gallons	—	’

—	Train Oil, or Blubber, or Fifh Oil, of Britiih fifhing,

viz.

-	of	Greenland	and parts adjacent, the ton

containing 252 gallons , —	—

■ -■■■■ of Greenland and parts adjacent, taken by any fhipping belonging to his Majeily’s colonies or plantations and imported in fuch fhipping, the ton containing 252 gallons	—

-	of	Greenland	and parts adjacent, taken by

any (hipping belonging to his Majefly’s colonies or plantations and imported in fhipping belonging to Great Britain, the ton containing 252 gallons	—	—	—

N*B. For the conditions, regulations, and refiri&ions, under which Oil, or Blubber of Whales, Seal Oil, or any other produce of Seals or other fifh or creatures taken or caught in the Greenland Teas, or Davis’s Streights, or in the feas adjacent, by Britiih fubje&s ufually refiding in Great Britain or Ireland,' tr in the [Hands of Guernfey, Jerfey or Man, may U imported in Britifh-built fhips without paying

C* *• 4* £• *• 4*

o 1	5

009 000

9 o 1

7 o

7 9

o i j

008

00$

000

*3

18

4 °

3 p

a.

* «S 3

o 15	5

o 12	2

I o 10

4 9 4 9

9 °

12	14 o

13	13 o

t 11 3

012 s

10 j

Digitized by

Google

SCHEDULE A.

INWARDS.	'•	d-

Oil, continued.

Train Oil» or Blubber, or Fifh Oil of Britifh (idling, viz.

any duty, vide 26 Geo. 3. cap. 41* And for the conditions, regulations, and redri&ions, under which Oil, Head-matter, or other produce of Whales* or other creatures living in the leas, taken and caught in ahy part of the ocean by the crew of any (hip or vefTel built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey or Man, wholly owned by his MiQedy’s fubjeas ufually redding therein refpe&ively, may upon importation into Great Britain be admitted to entry and landed without payment of any duty whatever, vide 26 Geo. 3. cap. jo.

• of Newfoundland and like fort, the ton coq taining 252 gallons	—	—	165

vie

of Newfoundland and like fort, taken by {hipping belonging to any of his Majedy’s colonies or plantations and imported in fuch (hip ping, the ton containing 232 gallons — of Newfoundland and like fort, taken by

{hipping belonging to any of his Majedy’s colonies or plantations and imported in (hipping belonging to Great Britain, the ton containing 232 gallons —	—	—

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and redridions, under which Oil or Blubber of d(h or creatures liv. ing in the Teas, caught and taken on the banks and (bores of the ifland of Newfoundland and parts adjacent, wholly by his Majedy’s fubje&a carrying on the faid {ithtry from his Majedy’s European dominions, and ufually redding in the faid dominions, may be admitted to entry duty-free, vide 26 Geo. 3. cap. 26 And for the conditions, regulations, and redrittions under which Oil, Head-matter, or other produce ol Whales or other creatures living in the (eas, taken and caught in any part of the ocean, by the crews o! any (hips or vefTels built in Great Britain, Ireland or the iflands of Guernfey, Ierfey or Man, wholly owned by his Majedy’s fubjefls ufually redding therein reflectively, may upon importation into Great Britain be admittea to entry and landed with out payment of any duty whatever, vide 26 Geo. 3 cap. 50.

Oil Cloth, vide Linen.

Olives, the hogfhead containing 63 gallons -7-Olive Wood, vide Wood.

Onions, the buihel	—	^

Onion Seed, vide Seed.

Oranges and Lemons, the thoufand —

Orchal, the hundred weight	—	—

N.B* For the conditions, regulations^ and rcdri&ions,

Digitized by

Googk

Doty.

o 13 J

o 9 u

of

1 IS 3

o93

o 4 i o Q 4

drawback.'

INWARDS, under which Orchal may be entered without payment of any doty whatever, vide 8 Geo. i. cap. 15 Orchelia, or Archclia, the hundred weight —

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, under which Orchelia may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. 1. cap. 15. Orfedew, the dozen pounds	—	—

Oftrich Feathers, vidie Feathers#

Ontnal Thread, vide Thread.

Oyfters. vide Fi£h.

P.

Packthread, the'hundrcd pounds — *

Paling Boards, vide Wood.

Pails of Wood or Kits of Wood, the dozen	—

Painters Colours of all forts, not otherwife enumerated, the pound	—	—	*—

Paper, viz.

——— Atlas, ordinary, the ream —	~

-----fine, the ream	—	•—

■	- ~ Ballard, or double Copy,	the ream	—•

■	■	- — Blue Royal, the ream ~	—

■	■— Bine Paper, for fugar bakers, the ream —

-	— Brown Paper, the bundle	containing 40 quire*

■	■ — Brown Cap, the ream	—	—

— Cap, viz.

—	■ Fool’s Cap, fine, the ream	—

—	Fool’s Cap, fecond, the ream	—

—	—Genoa Fool’s Cap, fine, the ream —

—	Genoa Fool’s Cap, fecond, the ream

—	German Fool’s Cap, the ream —

—	■ fine Printing Fool’s Cap, the ream

—	- fecond ordinary Printing Fool’s Cap, the

ream —	—	•»—

*-----Cartridge Paper, the ream	—	—

■	— Chancery double, the ream —	*-

—	Crown, viz.

— -----fine Genoa Crown, the ream	—

—	fecond Genoa Crown, the ream

German Crown, the ream	—

— -	fine Printing Crown, the ream	-

------  fecond	ordinary	Printing	Crown, the ream

■■	'■ ■ Demy, viz,

-------Demy fine, the ream —	—

Demy fecond, the ream	—	—

■ ■ —«» Genoa Demy, fine, the ream	—

— ■- " Genoa Demy fecond, the ream	—

— ----German Demy, the ream	—

-------Printing Demy, the ream

i.

060

£* s*

000

a s s

Elephant, Ordinary, the ream

«	 ■	fine,	the	ream

• Fool’s Cap. vide Cap Paper.

Digitize^ by

Google

0 13		3	0	11	9
0	i :	10	0	1	8
0	0	2	0	0	li
1	8	10	0	0	0
2	5	2	0	0	0
O	5	4	0	0	0
O	8	6	0	0	0
O	7	1	0		
O	a	11	a	0	0
O	4	11	0	0	0
O	6	2	0	0	0
O	5	4	a	0	0
O	4	7		0	0
O	3	9	tx	0	0
O	3	9	0	0	0
O	3	9	0	0	0
O	3	4	,0	0	0
O	5	9	0	0	0
O	5	0	• 0	0	0
O	4	7	0	0	0
O	3	9	0.	0	0
O	3	9	0	0	0
O	3	9	0	0	0
O	3	4	0	0	0
O	*3	6	0	0	0
O	11	0	0	.0	0
0	6	9	0	0	0
O	5	11	0	. 0	0
O	5	11	0	0	0
O	6	2	0	0	0
O	12	3	0	0	0
I	5	4	0	0	0
		4			*

i id	Anno	vicefimo	feptlmo	GeoRGH	III.	c.	13.	[1787.

SCHEDULE A.	Duty.	jDrawback.
INWARDS.	£. s. d.	£■ >■ i
Paper, continued.		
■■ ■ ■ ■ Imperial fine, the ream «*- —	2 5 2	OOO
	I l6 II	0 0 0
Lombard, viz. German Lombard, the ream	0 3 9	0 0 0
« - ■ Medium, viz.	O l6 2	
		0 0 0
	O 12 11	OOO
	O IO 5	0 0 0
» ■ Poll, viz.  — fmall Poll, the ream — —	0, 9 I O 5 1	0 o' 0 000
—— fine large Poll, weighing fifteen pounds per	087	
ream, or upwards, the ream —  — fine large Poll, weighing under fifteen pouhds		000
		
per ream, the ream	O79	OOO
—■■■■*■* Pot, viz.		
' u— fine Genoa Pot, the ream ~	O34	OOO
— ■; ■ fecond Genoa Pot. the ream ,	0 3 4	000
ordinary Pot, the ream —	0 34	000
-—— fuperfine Pot, the ream —	0 5 4	OOO
> *—«- fecond fine Pot, the ream ^ > Prefiing Paper, the hundred weight —	047	000
	0 12 10	0 0 JO
Royal, viz.  rf*Roynl fine, the ream —	1 5 4	000
' fupOr Royal fine, the ream —	1 11 11	000
■■ ■ fecond writing Royal, the ream —	1 « 3	000
* fecond writing fuper Royal, the ream	1 5 4	; 0 0 0
* - ■ Genoa Royal-fine, the ream —•	©14 5	OOO
■*— Genoa Royal fecond, the ream —	0 13 1	0 0 0
■— fine Holland Royal, the ream —	0 14 5	000
■ ■■■'■ — fecond fine Holland Royal, the ream	on 0	0 0 0
ordinary Royal, the ream	0 7 9-	0 0 0
Parchment, the dozen containing twelve fiiceta — »	° 4 9	0 0 0
Pafteboafds or Millboards, vide Wood. Paving Stones, vide Stones.		
Pearls, vide Diamonds.  Pears, the bulhel — —	0 1 5	0 I S
Pears, dried, the buihel — —	009	0 0 *
Peafe. vide Corn.  Pebble Stones, vide Stones.  Pelts, vide Skins.  Pepper, vide Grocery.  — ■ ■— Guinea Pepper, vide Drugs. ^ ■■ Long Pepper, vide Drugs.	880	
Perry, the ton containing 252 gallons — N.B. Subject alfo to the duty of ekeife.		7 7 0
		
Pewter, old, the hundred weight — —	0 13 9	0 is 6
Pickled Cncumbers. vide Cucumbers.  Pickles of all forts, not ptherwife deferiked and enumerated, the gallon — —	•  009	0 0 7
Pi&nres of four feet fquare or upwards, the pi&ure	3 11 6 |	0 0 0
1 ■ imported by ihc.Ealt India company, the pidUire	3 *7 0 j	0 0 9
^ Digitized by CjOO^Ic		

1787.] Anno vicefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 13.	m

SCHEDULE A.	Doty.	Drawback.
INWARDS. Pidaret, continued.	£- '• *.	£•
picture — —  Pimento, vide Grocery.  Pitch, not being the produ& of any of the dominions or plantations of the crown of Great Britain, viz. —- imported in a Britifh-built (hip, the lad containing 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 31 \ gallons  —	imported in a foreign (hip, the laft containing 12 bar-  rels, each barrel not exceeding 314 gallons  —	of the product of any of the dominions or plantations  of the crown of Great Britain, the laft containing 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 31* gallons Plank, vide Wood.  Planks of Ireland, vide Wood.	278 211 4 1 310 1 s 8	000  000  000  000
	0125	0112
	0 13 1	0 11 2
	Oil 0	0 9 9
Placer of Paris, the hundred ponnds —  Platting or other manufacture of baft, draw, chip, cane, of hdrfe-hair, to be ufed in or proper for making hats	0x1	0 0 $
or bonnets, the pound — —	0 1 10	o f 8
Plate of Silver ungilt, the ounce troy ‘ —	022	0 0 0
ounce troy — —	tn h O O	0 00 0 9 *o
ounce troy — —	037 0 2 0	060  boo
ounce troy — —	O 3 IO	000
Plate wrought of gold* the ounce troy —	I IO O	000
ounce troy — —  Plate battered, fit only to be re-manufaCtured. vide Bullion.	2 7 8	boo
Platters of Wood, the (hock containing fixty — Plainbs, dried, vide Grocery.  Poiooia Wool, vide Wool.	O29	026
Pomegranates, the thoufand ■*-Pomegranate Peels, vide Drags.  Pomice Stones, vide Stones.  Pork, from Ireland.  N.B. For the free importation of faked Pork from Ireland, vide 8 Geo. 3. cap. 9; and 16 Geo. 3. cap. 8.	0 8 10	0 7 10
Potatoes, the hundred weight — —	038	0 3 $
Pots, viz. Melting Pots for goldfmiths, the hundred Powder of Sago, vide Sago Powder.	007	006
Powder of Brafs for japanning, the ounce —• Powder, vide Gunpowder.	002	0 0 1*.
Powder, viz. Hair Powder, the hundred weight — Prerious Stones.: vide Diamonds.	5 S 8	000
Prints, vis. Paper Prints, the piece —  Digitized by vjOOQL	OO6	000

»ia

Anno vicefimo feptimo GeoRGII III. c. 13* [*787.

SCHEDULE A.	Duty.	Drawback-
INWARDS-Prunes, vide Grocery.  Prunelloes. vide Drugs.  Paddings- vide Saufages.  Quarters, vide Wood.  Quern Stones, vide Stones.	£• * d.	£• /• A
Quills, viz. Goofe Quills, the thoufand —	006	00c
*	Swan Quills, the thoufand •»-<	020	j  0 1 8
Quinces, the hundred^ containing 5 fcore  R.  Rags old, old ropes, or junks, or old fi flung nets, fit only for the making paper or pafleboard N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftridions, under which thefe articles may be imported, without paying any duty for the fame, vide 11 Geo.i. cap. 7. Raifins. vide Grocery.	0 1 10	017
Rape of Grapes, the ton containing 252 gallons —  Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed.  N.B. Under the 15 Geo. 3. cap. 34. all Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed, commonly ufed for the purpofe of manure, may be imported iron? Ireland, duty-free.  Rape Seed, vide Seed.  Rattans, vide Canes.  Red Wood, vide Wood.  Red Wool, vide Wool.  Reeds, vide Canes.'	5 8ll	4 8 11  1  1  1
Rennet, the gallon — —	0 0 aj	Pol
Bice, the hundred weight — —  — imported by the Eaft India company; the hundred	0 7 4	0 7 4
weight —  Rice, of the growth and produdion of any of the Britifh plantations in America, imported for the purpofe of exportation into the ports of Plymouth, Exeter, Poole, Southampton, Chichefter, Sandwich, and Glafgow, and the members thereunto belonging, and into the ports of Brillol, Liverpool, Lancafler,	0 8 10'	0 8 io  1  j
and Whitehaven, the hundred weight — N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftridions, under which fu$h Rice may be fo imported, and the remaining duties thereon fecured by bond of the importer, vide 5 Geo. 3. cap. 45 ; and la Geo. 3. cap.  6p.  Rock Mofs. vide Mofs.  Ropes new. vide Cordage.  Ropes old. vide Rags.  Rofa Solis, vide Spirits.  Rofin, Qf the produd of any of the dominions or plantations belonging to the crown of Great Britain, the hun-	QO  0  0	000
dred weight ~ —  1 Digitized by (jOCK^Ic	016	0 1 4

SCHEDULE. A.	Duty.	Drawback.
INWARDS,  Ed, condoned.  —	00C of the product of any of the dominions or plan  canons belonging to the crown of Great Britain, imported io a Bntifh-built fhip, the hundred weight  —	not of the prodo& of any of the.dominions or plan-  tat ions belonging to the crown of Great Botain,	& u d.	*' dm
	023	0 a a’
imported in a foreign ihip, the hundred weight 10d Wood, vide Wood, hies, ride Diamonds.	024	0 2 t
gs, via. Irifli Rugs, the piece —- — m. vide Spirits, c. vide Corn.	030	028
S •  lower, the pound — —  N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reflrittions, oader which Saflower may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. i. cap. 15.  Iron, vide Drugs.  go Powder.  N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reflridlions, under which Sago Powder may be imported from any of his Majefty’s colonies in North America without	O 0 li	000
payment of any duty whatever, vide 7 Geo. 3. cap. 50; and 21 Geo. 3. cap. 29.  I Clock, vide Linen.  If, viz.  - to be ufed in curing of filh, imported in a Britifh-built (hip, the wey containing 40 bufhels, each bulhel		*
being 84 pounds — —,  -to be ufed in curing of filh, imported in a foreign Ihip, the wey containing 40 bufhels, each bufhel being	05U	053
84 pounds — —  -not for coring of filh, imported in a Bmifh-buik fhip, the wey containing 40 bufhels, each bufhel being	063	0 $ 4
84 pounds — —  -not for coring of filh, imported in a foreign fhip, the wey containing 40 bufhels, each bufhel being 84	OU5	O  O  to
pounds — —  - imported from the iflands of Jerfey, Guernfey, Sark, or Alderney, to be ufed in curing fifh, the wey con-	0 II 9	0 10 9
taining 40 bufhels, each bufhel being 84 pounds -imported from the iflands of Jerfey, Guernfey, Sark, or Alderney, not for curing fifh, the wey containing	0 5II	* 5 £
40 bufhels, each bufhel being 84 pounds N.B. Fur the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, under which the importer or proprietor of any foreign Salt may fecure the whole duties of cufloms by bond, and under which, on the exportation thereof, the bond having been firft discharged in money, the exporter fhall be allowed a drawback of all the duties ofeuftoms, fide 26 Geo. 3. cap. 26.  hi. xxm i 1  Digitized by CjO	OII5  >  °gle	0 10 9

J xj	Anrtb	viccfimd	fcptlmo	GsdRCii	ID.	c.	13.

SCHEDULE A.;

INWARDS.

Salt, continued.

Salt is alfo fubjefi to the duties on Salt under the ma-. nagement of the commiffioncrs of that revenue SAk Petre, the hundred weight	—	-s-.

——	imported by the Eaft India company, the hundred

,	weight	—	*—	—

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftrifbions^ under which thd whole duties of cuftoms may be drawn back on Salt Petre ufed and confumed in making oil of vitriol, vide 23 Geor3. cap. 77; and 26 Geo. 3. cap. 53.

Sark, ifland of. vide Jerfey, ifland of.

Saufogcs, or puddings, the pound	—	—

Scaleboards. vide Boards, under Wood.

StarJet Powder. vide Grain Powder.

Scoops of Wood, the dozen	—	—

Sea Morfe Teeth, or Sea Horfe Teeth, the pound Seeds, viz.

------Agnus Callus Seed, vide Drugs.

—	--Ameos Seed, vide Drugs.

—	---- Araomi Seed, vide Drugs.

— ----Canary Seed, the hundred weight	—

■	—	Carraw^y Seed, vide Drngs.

------Carthamus Seed, vide Drugs.

—  ---Clover Seed, the hundred weight	—

•------- Cole Seed, the quarter containing 8 buftiels

■■	—	Coriander Seed, vide D/ugs.

■	—Cummin Seed, vide Drugs.

—:— Fennel Seed, vide Drugs.

■*	-*-■	Hemp Seed, the quarter containing 8 bulb els

—	-- Lin feed.

N.B. For the exemption From duty on Linfecd,

*	3 Geo. 1. cap. 7.

-—— Lucerne Seed, the hundred weight	—

------Maw Seed, the hundred weight	—

- Millet Seed, the hundred weight	—

------- Mutlard Seed, the hundred weight	—

— ------ Onion Seed, the hundred weight	—

— Piony Seed, vide Drugs.

■	■ — Poppy Seed, vide Drugs.

«' -1— Rape Seed,, the quarter containing 8 bufhels

■	* Rape Seed and all other feeds commonly made ufe

of for the purpofe of extracting oil therefrom, being of the growth of Ireland and imported from thence, the Taft containing 10 quarters, each quarter containing 8 bulhels	—	—

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftriCtions, under which fuch Seed may be imported on payment <	of the duty of one (hilling the laft, vide 15 Geo/ 3

cap. 34.

« ■—~ Semen Cucutneris, Cticurh# Citrol, of Melons* vide Drugs.

n. c. 13. . DAty.	[i78  Drawba
£• /• d'	£ -
l O. : 2 3	0 1
O79	0 7
\  OO l\	0 0
O Oil	0 0
008	0 0
0 16 6	0 14  1
029	o 2
0 13 3	0 12
0 9 3	0 9
029	0 2
0 15 5	0 14
0 4 5	0 4
023	0 2
0178	0.$
0 13 3	1  0 12
0 1 0	0 0

Digitized by

SCHEDULE A.	. Duty.	Drawback.
INWARDS.	c* *• ^	£. /. 4:
Seeds, continued.  ■ ■ — Thlafpii Semen, vide Drags.  — ■■ — Seeds for Gardens, vide Drags.  Sharing for Hats, vide Platting.  Sheep from Ireland.  N.B. For the exemption from duty on cattle from Ireland, vide c Geo. 3. cap. 10; and 16 Geo. 3. cap. 8. Sheeps Guts dried to make Whips, the grofs containing 12 dozen — — —	006	664
Sheeps Wool, vide Wool.  Shovels of Wood unihod, the dozen —	029	026
Shruffor old Brafs, fit only to be re-manufactured, the hundred weight — * — —	0133	0 11
Shumac, the hundred weight — —	0 i s	0 0 0
N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reltriCticms, under which Shumac may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Gyo, 1. cap. 15. Sider. vide Cider.  Silk, viz.  — Organzine, and all thrown Silk in the Gum, the potind containing 16 ounces — —	074	I  # 0“ 0
• Drawback,  16 ounces — —	000	0 6 it
taining 16 ounces — —	000	0 65
Raw Silk, the pound containing 16 ounces —	030	006
pound containing j6 ounces —	0  to  0	• 0 0
• Drawback,  16 ounces —	0 0 0	0 2 10
taining 16 ounces — —	000	0 2 0
N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and redriftions, under which Raw Silk of the growth and culture of any of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations in America may be imported diredly from thence into the port of London without paying any duty, vide 23 Geo. 2. cap. 20.  Silk Knubs or Hulks of Silk, the pound containing 16 ounces — — —	004	0 O
^ Thrown Silk dyed, the pound containing 16 ounces	I 4 9	• O 0
• Drawback,  	if exported to Ireland, the pound containing  * 16 ounces — —	0 0 0	I 2 3
— ■ exported (except to Ireland) the pound con-taining 16 dunces — —	000	I I 9
Silk wrought, viz.  Crapes or Tiffanies of the manufacture of Italy, imported from thence in Britifh-built (hips, the pound containing 16 ounces -*>	1 13 5	I 4 O

Digitized by Google

S C H E D U L E A.	Duty.	Drawback.
INWARDS.  Silk wrought, viz.  otherwife imported, the pound containing x6		£• *• A
ounces — — * — Silver, vide Plate.  Sillers Thread* vide Thread.	1 is 9	1 4 0
Skeets for Whitliers, the ikeet — •—  Skins and Furs, viz.  ■ f—» Arm in or Ermm Skins undrefled, the timber contain-	O  O  u	0 0
ing 40 (kins — — —	0 II 0	0 10 0
■	Badger Skins undrefled, the piece —	007	006
— Bear Skins White undrefled, the piece —	Oil 0	0 10 0
— Bear Skins of any other colour undreiTed, the piece	056	030
—	Beavers Skins undreiTed, the piece —  —	Beavers Skins from any of his Majefly’s dominions in	0 0 8J	000
America, the ikin — — —	001	000
-—- Beaver Wombs, the piece . — —	0 0 5I	000
— Buck or Deer Skins undreiTed, the ikin —	009	0 0 71
— Buck or Deer Skins Indian half-dreft, the pound	0 04^	003 \
		Calabar Skins tawed, the timber containing 40 ikins  ■ — Calabar Skins untawed or undreiTed, the timber con-	0 2 3	0 2 0
taining 40 ikins — — —	0 I 10	Ol8
—4 Calve Skins of Ireland undreiTed, the dozen —	01 10	O l8
—• Calve Skins of any other country undreiTed, the dozen N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, under which Calve Skins raw or undreiTed may be imported from Ireland, or any of the Britifh colonies or plantations in America without payment of any duty whatever, vide 9 Geo. 3. cap. 39; and 21 Geo. 3. cap. 29.	029	0 2 6
——- Calve Skins tanned, the pound —	0 0 4I	OOO
— *— Cat Skins undrefled, the hundred ikins —	0 11 0	0 10 0
. Coney Skins, the dozen — —  ■■■ ■— Cordivants drefled, viz.  —	—»imported by the Eall India company, the]	0 0 31	003
dozen — — — ■■■ ■■ ■— of Turkey, the dozen —  -—• Deer Skins, vide Buck Skins.	1 3 6  0	16 2  1	16 4	0	14 9 076  1	5 9
— Dog Skins undreiTed, the piece —	O O l\	002
— Dog Fiih Skins undrefled, the dozen —	0 2 0	0 1 9
—— Elk Skins undrefled, the fkin — — - — Ermin. vide Armin.	0 j 8	0 1 6
—— Fiihfcr Skins undrefled, the piece —	0 1 4i	013
— Fitches undrefled, the timber containing 40 ikins	0 3 «	0 3 4
			 Fox Skins black undrefled, the fkin —.	213 0	2 10 0
- — Fox Skins of all other forts undrefled, the ikin	0 0	004
m — Goat Skins of Ireland undrefled, the dozen •— Goat Skins of any other country undrefled, the	0 1 10	0 1 8
dozen — — —  N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftridions, under which raw or undrefled Goats Skins 'may be u	056	0  O

ij8?.] Anno vicefimo leptimo GeoRGII III. c. 13.

SCHEDULE A.

INWARDS.

Skins and Furs, continued.

imported in Bririih-built (hips, from any port or place whatever without paying doty, vide 15 Geo. 3. cap. 35 ; and 26 Geo. 2. cap. 53.

—	Goat Skins tanned, the dozen	—

—	Hare Skins undrefled, the 120	—	—

----Huffc Skins nndrefled, the (kin	—	—

■	—-----imported by the Eaft India company, the

—	Kid Skins in the Hair, the hundred containing 5 fcore

----Kid Skins drefled, the 100 containing 5 fcore

——Lamb Skins undrefled in the Wool, the 120

—	Lamb Skins drefled in Alum, the 100 containing

5 fcore	—	—	—

----Lamb Skins drefled in Oil, the 100 containing 5 fcore

—	Slink Lamb Skins undrefled in the Wool, the 120

—	Leopard Skins undrefled, the piece	—

—	Lion Skins undrefled, the piece	—	—

—	Martins or Marions undrefled, the timber containing

40 (kins	—	—	—

—	Martins or Martrons Tails, undrefled, the 120

—	Minks Skins tawed, the timber containing 40 /kins

—	Minks Skins untawed pr undrefled, the timber con

taining 40 ffeios —.	—	—»

•—• Mole Skins undrefled, the dozen	—■

—	Moofe Skins undrefled, the piece	—

—• Mufqftalh Skins tindrefled, the 100 (kins —

—	Otter Skins undrefled, the piece	—

—	Ounce Skins undrefled, the piece	—

—	Panther Skins undrefled, the piece	—

—	Pelts of Goats drefled, the dozen	«—

— Pelts of Goats undrefled, the dozeft	—■

—	Pelts of all other forts undrefled, the ipo —

—	Raccoon Skins undrefled, the hundred (kins

—	Sables undrefled, the timber containing 40 fkini

—	Sables Tails or Tips of Sable undrefled, the piece

—— Seal Skins undrefled, the (kin —	—

—	Seal Skins caught and taken wholly by his Majefty’s

fubje&s carrying on any fifhery from any of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations in America, and ufually redding in the faid colonies or plantations, and imported in Briti(h-built (hips, the (kin	—

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftrifHons,

' under which the (kins of Seals caught and taken on the banks and (hores of the ifland of Newfoundland, and parts adjacent, wholly by his Majelly’s fubje6bf carrying on the faid fi(hery from'his Majefty’s European dominions and ufually redding in the faid dominions, may be admitted to entry, duty-free, vide 26 Geo. 3. cap. 26. And for the conditions, regulations, and reftrlttions, under which Seal (kins, taken and caught in the Greenland Seas, or Davis’s

13

Duty.

£■

d.

O O O II O 2

O 2

*9 3 4 9 2 9

14	8

0	4

1	4! 6 11

* 9

15	o

II o

2	O

0 0 2

117

Drawback.

£. t. d.

OOO

o o 10

O O l| O O I

063

011	3

026

5 1° 1 8

0

1

0 A 3 0 0 2

0 2 6

2	IO O

0	10 o

1	o o

0	16	6	0	*5	O
0	0	2	0	0	li
0	2	9	0	2	6
0	>3	9	0	12	6
0	1	s	0	1	3
0	3	6	0	3	if
0	5	6	0	5	0
0	2	9	0	2	6
0	1	4t	0	1	3
0	8	3	0	7	6
0	>3	9	0	12	6
8	5	0	7	IO	0
0'	0	7	0	O	6
0	0	6	0	O	5

o 6 t

Digitized by

Google

4S-*

*1?

Anno vicefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 13.	[i;/8

SCHEDULE A.

INWARDS.

Skins, continued.

Streights, or in the teas adjacent, by Britifh fubje&§ ufualiy reading in Great Britain or Ireland, or in the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, or Man, may be imported in Bricifti-built (hips without payment of any duty, vide 26 Geo. 3. cap. 41. And alio for the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, under which the (kins of Beals, taken and caught in any part of the ocean by the crew of any (hip or veflel built in Gre t Britain, Ireland, or the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, or Man, wholly owned by his Majelty’s fub-jcdts ufualiy redding therein j-efpe&ively, may upon importation into Great Britain, be admitted to entry ana landed without payment of any duty whatever, vide 26 Qeo. 3. cap. 50.

~ Sheep (kins undrefled in the wool, the dozen r ~ Sheep (kins drefled in oil, the dozen	—

—	— Sheep (kins otherwife drefled, the dozen	—

T Squirrel lkins undrefled. vide Calabar (kins.

—	■ ■ Swan (kins undrefled, the piece	—

T-— Tyger (kins undrefled, the piece	—

•—— Weafel (kins undrefled, the X20	—

---- Wolf (kins tawed, the piece	—	—

• ---Wolf (kins untawed or undrefled, the piece	—

• ---Wolverings undrefled, the (kin	—-	—

Slates in Frames, vide Stones*

Slick Stones, vide Stones.

Slade, the pound	—	—	_

Smalts, the pound	—	—	—

Snuff, imported by the Eaft India company, the pound

—	from the Briti(h plantations in America or the Spanilh

Welt Indies, the pound	—	—

-■ - - from any other place, the pound	—

Soap, viz.

—	Hard foap, the hundred weight	—

-----Soft foap, the hundred weight —	—

Soapers Wafte.

N.B. Under the 18 Geo. 2. cap. 22. Soapers \Vafle may be imported without paying any duty.

Spanifh Wool vide Wool.

S^nrs. vide Wopd.

Speckled Wood, vide Wood.

Speictr, the hundred weight	—	—

Spinal fine, to make gauze, the pound	—

Spinncl (hort. vide litcle.

Spirits, viz.

----— Arrack, imported by the Eaft India company, the

gallon	—	—	—

•	-----Brandy, of any country or place, the gallon

Citron Water, the gallon —	—	♦

....— Geneva, the gallon	—	—

......Hungary Wayr, the gallon	—.	--

Duty. Drawbai



Digitized by

Google



«3 9 2 9

£. M.

o 9* o 9

5 » o 5 2 10

o tz O X

o o o 2

0	O	10	0	0	
0	4	9	0	2	<
0	2	6	0	1	1
0	O	11	0	0	1C
0	2	9	0	2	i
0	O	11	0	0	1C
0	8	3	0	7	t
0	6	4	0	5	S
0	3	6	0	3	*
Q	0	6	0	0	i
0	0	4	0	0	3
O	3	3	0	0	G
O	1	6	0	0	0
O	2	2	0	0	0
2	4	0	0	0	0
1	■7	5	0	0	0

6

6

8

8

1

4

?

1787.] Anno vjppfimo feptimo Grqrgii III. e. 13. SCHEDULE

"9

INWARDS.

Spirits, continued.

- Rofa Soli*, the gallon	—	—r-

—- ■ Rum, viz.

-----of the growth, produce, or manufacture of any

Britim colony or plantation in America, the gallon —	—	—

— Foreign Rum, the gallon.

—	Vifney, the gallon	—	—

------Ufquebaugh, the gallon —	—

■	Cordial Water, Strong Water, or other fpirit*, not

other wile described and enumerated, the gallon N.B. Spirits are alfo fubjeCt to the duty of excife. Spokes for Wheels, vide Wood.

Sponges. vide Drugs.

Starch, the hundred weight	—	—

Staves, vide Wood.

Steel, viz.

—	Gad Heel, the hundred weight	—

—	Long Reel, the hundred weight	—

—	Wifp Reel, the hundred weight •—	—

—	■ Steel Wire, vide Wire.	*

Stock Filh. vide Fiih.

Stones, viz.

■■ — Dog Rones, not exceeding four feet in diameter, about fix inches .in thicknefs and under twelve inches in thicknefs, the laR containing three pair —— Emery Rones, the hundred weight	—

—	— Emery Rones of Turkey* imported in a foreign (hip,

the hundred weight	—	—*

—	Grave Rones, of marble unpoliihed, the foot fquare

fuperficial meafure	—	—

—— Grave Rones, of marble poliihed, the foot fquare fuperficial meafure	—	—

—1 ■ ■ ■ Grave Rones, not of marble poliihed or unpoliihed, the foot fquare fuperficial meafure	—

—	Marble bafons, tables, mortars, and other poliihed

marble (except grave Rones, and paving Rones poliihed) the foot fquare fuperficial meafure

■	Marble blocks, the folid foot	—

—— Marble paving Rones rough, the foot fquare fuper-ficial meafure	—	—	—

—	Marble paving Rones poliihed, the foot fquare fuper-

ficial meafure	—	—	—

—— Mill Rones, above four feet in diameter, or if twelve inches in thicknefs or upwards, the piece ■ ■■ Paving Rones, net of marble, the foot fquare, fuperficial meafure	—	—	—

------Pebble Rones, the ton	—	—

r Precious Rones, vide Diamonds.

------Pomice Rones, the ton	—	—

—	— Quern Rones large, three feet in diameter, and not

$bove four feet ir> diameter, and not exceeding

■	Google

Duty.	Drawback.
£ '• '•	£■ '•
0 2 10	0 2 7
005	OOJ
007	0 0 6
0210	O27
0 2 10	O27
0 2 ip	0 2 7
558	0 0 Q
2 5 2	2 0 8
0128	O II II
0128	O 11 If
8 11 8	7 ** Z
0 1 10	0 1 7
0 111	017
Q O li	001
-In"  c*  O  O	0 0 2
0 0 ' oj	000}
OIO	0 0 10
0 2 0	0 1 10
O O ll	001
0 0 2-	0 0 2
240	I 19 O
0 0 oj	0 0 oj
O96	0 50
0  O	0 2 8
	

f 20

Anno viccfimo fcptimo Geokozi-UL e. *3-

SCHEDULE

A.»

INWARDS.

Stones, continued

fix inches in thicknefs, the laft containing three 'pair '	—	—	—

■	—	Quern (tones fmall, under three feet in diameter,

and not exceeding fix inches in thicknefs, the lalt containing three pair	—	—

-	■ ■■■— Slates in Frames, the dozen —	—

-	-----Slick Hones, the hundred containing fire fcore

-	■ — Tables of (late without frames, the piece -r

-	—	Whetllones, the hundred —	—

Straw Hats or Bonnets, vide Hats.

Stuffs of all forts"made of or mixed with wool, the yard Sturgeon. Vide Fifh.

Succades.wet or dry, the pound	—	—

—— ■ imported by the Eaft India company, thp pound Succus Liquoritiae. vide Drugs.

Sugar, vide Grocery.

Sugar Candy, vide Grocery.

Sweet Wood, vide Wood.

Swingles, the grofs containing is dozen	—

% T.

Tables of Marble, vide Stones.

Tables of Slate, vide Stones,

Tails of Cows, the hundred containing 5 fcore ~» Tallow, the hundred weight	—	—

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, under which Tallow may be imported duty-free, vide 7 Geo. 3. cap. 12 ; and 26 Geo. 3. cap. 53. Tar, not being the produdl of any of the dominions or plan titions of the crown of Great Britain, viz.

—- imported in a Britiih-built fhip, the laft containing 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 31* gal

— imported in a foreign fhip, the laft containing 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 317 gal-

——- of the produft of any of the dominions or planta tions of the crown of Great Britain, the laft containing 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 31* gallons	—	—	—

Tarm?, the bufhel	—	_	—

Tazels, the thoufand	—	—	*	—

Thread, viz.

-----— Bridges Thread, the dozen- pounds	—

- ■ ■ - Crofsbow Thread, the hundred pounds	•—■

-------Outnal Thread, the dozen pounds	—

------- Packthread, vide in P.

-------Sillers Thread, the pound —	—

-------Whited-brown Thread, the dozen pounds

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, under which Thread and other manufactures made

Duty.	Drawbac
iC* *•	£. 1. i
0 19 10	0 17 1
O 9 II	0 8 1
0 Oil	0 0 i<
034	0 3 1
006	0. 0 i
038	0 3 |
056	0 4 1!
008	0 0 2
016	0 1 j
0 16 6	0 1$ 1
029	0 1 ^
092	0 0 1

o 12 4*

o 13

Digitized by

Google

9 8 14 s

17 8

2

*7

0 11

0 n

09

o 0 5

0	1

089 0150

01	6

0 * *

0.5 8

1787J -Anno vicefimo feptirao Gborgii lU/<. 13. SCHEDULE A,

121

INWARDS.

Thread, viz*

vide 7 and 8 W. 3. cap. 39; and 16 Geo. 2,

cap. 26.

Thrums of Linen or Fuftfan, the pound	—

——- of Woollen, the pound «—	—

Tiles, vide Earthen Ware.

Timber, vide Wood.

Tin, the hundred weight	—	—

Tinglafs, the hundred weight	—	—

Tobacco, viz.

the ponnd —

Rates of America, the pound

fecnred by band, vide 19 Geo. 3. cap. 35; 25 Geo. 3 cap. 81; and 26 Geo. 3. c. 52.

Tongues, vide Neats Tongues.

Tortoife Shell, the poand	—	—

Tow, the hundred weight	~	~

Tow of Mufcovjr or Rufiia, imported in a foreign (hip hundred weight	—	—*

Trays of Wood, the ihock containing 60	—

Treacle Common, vide Drugs.

-	—	■ of Venice, vide Drugs.

Trenchers of Wood, the grofs containing 12 dozen Trunnels or Treenails, the thoufand	—

Truffles, the pound	—	—-	—

Tubs of Wood, the dozen	—	—*

Turbots, vide Fi(h.

Turpentine, vide Drugs.

Twine, the hundred weight	—	—

TwiR for Bandftrings, the dozen knots	—

V.

Valonia. the hundred weight	—	—

cap. 15. Vellum, the fkin

Digitized by

Google

Duty.	Drawback.
£. t, d.  r  *  »	£• *• d*
0 p i\	001
003	0 0 z
213 0	000
013 3  >	0119
036  1  t  \	0 3 3
013  »  r  \  r 1 e	013
0 l 3	0 1 il
029  e	026
o, 2 II	026
0 4 5	0 311
0011	0 0 10
023	020
023	020
005	004
0 11 0	099
023	020
012	0  0  0
0  H	0  0  0

SCHEDULE A..

INWARDS.

Verdigreale. vide Drugs.

Vermacelli, the pound	—

his Majefty’s colonies in North payment of any duty whatever, cap. 30; and 21 Geo. 3. cap. 29.-Ufcrs. vide Wood.

Vinegar, the ton, containing 252 gallons Vinelloes, the pound	—	—

Virginal Wire, vide Wire.

Vifney. vide Spirits.

Ufquebaugh. vide Spirits.

W.

Wafers, the pound	—	—

Wainfcot Boards, vide Wood.

Wainfcot Logs, vide Wood.

Water, viz.

■ -	-	Cordial Water, vide Spirits.

America with< vide 7 Geo.

each bottle or flaik not exceeding three pints

Wax, viz.

■	—• Bees Wax White, or manufactured, the hundred weighi

—	Bees Wax unmanufactured, the hundred weight

— Hard Wax, the pound	—	—

—	Bay or Myrtle Wax? the pound	—

Weld, the hundred weight	—	—

Whale Fins, viz.

■	of	foreign	filhing,	the ton containing 20 hun-

dred weight	—	—

— of Britilh fiSiing, imported in (hipping belonging to any of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations, the ton containing 20 hundred weight

.......* 1 of Britilh filhing, imported in (hipping be-

longing to Great Britain, the ton containing 20 hundred weight —	—

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, under which Whale-fins, taken or caught in th Greenland Seas, or Davis’s Streights, or in the feas adjacent, by Britilh fubjeCts ufually reliding in Great Britain or Ireland, or the illands of Guernley, Jerfey or Man, may be imported without paying any duty, vide 26 Geo. 3. cap. 41. And for the conditions, regulations, and reilriCtions, under which fins of Whales, taken and caught in any part of the ocean, by the crew of any (hip or veflel built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the illands of Guernfey, Jerfey or Man, wholly owned by his Majclly’s fubjeCts ufually refid-ing therein refpeCtively, are upon importation into

" Great Britain to be Emitted to entry and landed

111. c. 13. Duty.	■ [17*  Drawbac
£' *• d-	£■ 1."
0 0 2	0 0 1
32 18 IO	7 »♦ 1
083	0 7 (
0 0 6	0 0 j
O I IO	0 1 I
3*4	3 1 *
1 11 7	1 10 7
013	0 1 i
004	0 0 j|
0 0 10	0 0 8
97 18 0	88 18 c
2150	1 10 0
1 7 6	0 15 0

Digitized by

Google

SCHEDULE. A.	Duty.	Drawback.
INWARDS, without payment of any duty whatever, vide 26 Geo. 3. cap 50. heat, vide Corn, heat Floor, vide Corn, ieifiooes. vide Stones.		£•
hipcord, the pound — — — bifk Brooms, vide Brooms, bite Lead. vide Drugs. ief  —— Rhenifh, German, and Hungary Wine, viz.  	imported into any port of Great Britain in a  Britilh-built fhip, the ton containing' 25 2	002	O  0  *m
gallons — —  		in a foreign (hip, the ton containing	33 12 0	0  0  0
252 gallons — — — exported to any Britifh colony or plantation in	37 16 0	ooo
America, the ton containing 252 gallons ——■ exported to any other place, the ton contain-	000	33 ** 0
iug 252 gallons — —  	Portugal, Madeira, Spanifh, and all other Wines  not otherwife enumerated, viz.  — imported into the port of London, in a Britifli-	000	28 17 6
built fhip, the ton containing 252 gallons ■ — in a foreign fhip, the ton containing	19 12 0	ooo
252 gallons — — — having been imported into the port of London, and exported to any Britifh colony or plantation in America, the ton containing 252	22 8 0	ooo
gallons — —	Ooo	19 12 0
containing 252 gallons —  - ■■ ■ imported into any port of Great Britain, except the port of London, in a Britifh-built	0  0  0	16 9 0
fhip, the ton containing 252 gallons 		in a foreign fhip, the ton containing 252	16 16 0	ooo
gallons — —  — having been imported into any port of Great Britain, except the port of London, and exported to any Britifh colony or plantation	19 12 0	ooo
in America, the ton containing 252 gallons ■ — exported to any other place, the ton	000	<6 16 0
containing ^52 gallons — ine entered for Prifage, viz.  — Rhenifh, German, or Hungary Wine, viz.  -■■■— imported into any port of England, in a Britifh	000	'3 13 0
built fhip, the ton containing 252 gallons ■ 		 in a foreign fhip, the ton containing	H 6 9	ooo
252 gallons — — — exported to any Britifh colony or plantation in	ON  mm  N	ooo
America, the ton containing 252 gallons ■ exported to any other place, the ton contain-ing 252 gallons — -r  Digitized by CjOCK^I	OOO	24 6 9
	rr7  0  0	20 13 0

INWARDS.

Wine entered for Prifagc, continued.

—	' ■ ■ Portugal, Madeira, Spanifh, and all other Wines

not otherwife enumerated, viz.

■ ■	imported into the port of London in a Britifh-

built fhip, the ton containing 252 gallons ■ - in a foreign fhip, the ton containing 252 gallons „	—

—■ having been imported into the port of London, and exported to any Britifh colony or plantation in America, the ton containing 252 gallons	*—	—

» ■- exported to any other place, the ton containing 252 gallons —

« '	■■■- Portugal, Madeira, Spanifh, and all other Wines

not otherwife enumerated, viz.

— imported into any port of England, except the port of London, in a BritiSi-built fhip, the ton containing 252 gallons —

¥ -— in a foreign fhip, the ton containing 252 gallons	—	—

•—<- having been imported into any port of England, except the port of London, and exported to any Britifh colony or plantation in America, the ton containing 252 gallons

------exported to any other place, the ton

containing 2 52 gallons —

N.B. Wine is alfo fubjedt to the duty of excife.

Wine Lees, fubje& to the fame duty as Wine ; but no draw back is to be allowed for any Lees of Wine exported Wire, viz.

■ ■ ' Brafs or Copper Wire not otherwife enumerated, the hundred weight	—	—

—■ - ■■■ Iron Wire, the hundred weight	—

■ - Latten Wire, the hundred weight	—

— ...- Steel Wire, the pound	—	#	—*

■ —■ Virginal Wire of Brafs, the hundred weight

---	of Iron, the hundred weight

Woad, viz.

—	----- Green Woad, the ton containing 20 hundred weight

-------Thouloufe Woad, the hundred weight —

Wood, viz.

■— Anchor Stocks.

- —.. imported in a Britifh-built fhip, the piece

——	in a foreign fhip, the piece

Vide the notes inferted at the end of Wood.

—	Balks, five inches fquare and under eight inches fquare,

or if 24 feet in length or upwards,

.	—imported in a Britifh-built fhip, the iao

--------■ in a foreign fhip, the 120

» ■ Under five inches fquare, and under 24 feet in length,

—imported in a Britifh built fhip the 120	—

£. *

H

i6

12

14

Digitized by

Google

7 >» 4 6

o o o o

II 2

7 ii

o 0 o 0

12 3 17 9 13 °

o 10 6 11 8 o

13 o

3 8

2 3 2 4

13	o

14	5

1 t 3

£• St

000

000

14 7 n 11 18 1

000

000

12 n 2

10 0 5

2 9 0 2 14 0 2 9 8 0 0 9 6 is 11 6 14 0

56

* 10

0 2 ' 0 * '

1 10

t 10

i 0 3

SCHEDULE A.	Duty.	Drawback.
INWARDS.  ood, continued.	£• /• d	C d
Vide the notes inferted at the end of Wood.  —	Barrel Staves, vide Staves.  —	Battens, 8 feet in length and not exceeding 20 feet in  length, not above 7 inches in width, and not exceeding 2J inches in thicknefs.	I 1 9	I 0 3
— imported in a Britifh-built fhip, the 120	1 6 6	1 5 3
■ — exceeding 20 feet in length, not above 7 inches in width, or if exceeding inches in thicknefs,	* 7 3	* 5 3
— imported in a Britifh-built (hip, the 120	2130	2 10 6
—■ in aforeign fhip, the 120 Vide the nous inferted at the end of Wood.  — Batten Ends, under 8 feet in length, not above 7 inches in width, and not exceeding inches in thicknefs,  — imported in a Britifh-built fhip, the	a 14 5	2 10 6
120 —  inches in width, and exceeding z\ inches in thicknefs,  — imported in a Britifh-built fhip.	0 8 10 091	085  085
the 120 —  Vide the notes inferted at the end of Wood.  —	Beech Boards, vide Boards.  —	Beech Plank, 2 inches in thicknefs or upwards,  — imported in a Britifti-built fhip, the	0 17 8 0182	0 16 10 0 16 10
load containing 50 cubic feet	0 13 3	O 12 3
containing 50 cubic feet Vide the notes inferted at the end of Wood.  —• Beech Quarters, 5 inches fquare and under 8 inches fquare, or if 24. feet in length or upwards,  — imported in a Britifh-built fhip.	0 13 9	0 12 3
the 120* —  feet m length,  — imported in a Britifh-built fhip,	2130 2 14 5	2 lO 6 2 10 6
the 120 —  Vide the notes inferted at the end of Wood.	1 1 3 1 1 9	O O

SCHEDULE. A,

u

INWARDS.

Wood, continued.

— Boards, viz.

■	Beech	Boards,	under	2	inches	in thicknefs, and

under 15 feet in length,

—— imported in a Britifh-built (hip, the 120 , —■— in a foreign (hip, the 120	-

■ under 2 inches in thicknefs, and

if 15 feet in length or upwards,

—	— imported in a Britifh-built

(hip, the 120 »	in	a	foreign (hip

the 120

Clap Boards, not exceeding 5 feet 3 inches in length, and under 8 inches fquare,

—	imported in a Britifh built

(hip, the 120 ■ ——■	in a foreign (hip

the 120

-	Linn Boards or White Boards for Shoemakers,

under 4 feet in length, and under 6 inches in thicknefs,

-----imported in a Britifti-bui1

(hip, the t2o

—— - —---------- in	a	foreign (hip

the 120

~ for Shoemakers, 4 feet 1 length, or 6 inches in thicknefs

—	imported in a Briti(h-built

Blip, the 120 ■' ■ ■■	■■	in	a	foreigrt (hip

the 120

-	Millboards, vide Pafteboards.

-	Oak Boards, under 2 inches in thicknefs, and

under 15 feet in length,

—	imported in a Bntifh-built

(hip, the 120 ■■■	■■■■	in	a	foreign (hip,

the 120

* under 2 inches in thicknefs, and

Dnty. Drawbad

FT7

d.

1 6 5

1	7	6

2	12 10 2 13 11

o o

> 4 J * 4 5

10

JO

1	19

2	1

3	*9 4

4	Oil

if 15 feet in length or upwards,

—	imported in a Britifh-built

(hip, the 120 ■	»■■■■■	■ in a foreign (hip,

the 120	—

Pailing Boards hewed on One fide, and not cx ceeding 7 feet in length,

—	imported in a Britifh-built

(hip, the 120

—-------in a foreign (hip,

the 120	—i

v	Digitized	by	Google

2 12 10	2 8 10
2 15 0	* 8 K
00  to	4 '7 |
S 7	417
050	0 4^
0 s 1	0 4 Ifl

0 19 6

0	19 6

1	16 8 1 16 8

3 '? < 3 *3 4

INWARDS.

ood, continued.

— Boards, viz.

------- Pailing Boards hewed on one fide, and exceeding 7 feet in length,

—	imported in a Britifh-bfcilt

fhip, the 120 ■ ■	in	a	foreign fhip,

the 120	—

— ------Pafleboards or Millboards,

——imported in a Britifh-built ihip, the hundred weight	—

■ m a foreign Ihip, the hundred weight

------ Pipe Boards, above 5 feet 3 inches in length,

and not exceeding 8 feetin length, and under 8 inches fquare,

—	imported in a Britifh-built

ihip, the 120

—	■■	»«--in a foreign Ihip,

the 120	—

• exceeding 8 feet in length, and



under 8 inches fquare,

—	imported in a Britifh-built

ihip, the 120

—	1	—— ■■ in a foreign (hip,

the 120	—	.

> ■ — ■■ Scaleboards,

—■ imported in a Britifh-built: feip, the. hundred weight

, —....---------in a foreign Ihip* the

. hundred weight

•--------Wainfcot Boards, the inch or foot, containing

12 feet in length, and 1 inch in thicknefs, and (o in proportion for any greater or lefler length or thicknefs,

—	imported in a Britifh-built

fhip	—

--------------in a foreign fhip

—- ■ ■ - White Boards, vide Linn Boards for Shoemakers.

Vide the notes infcrted at the end of Wood. —- Boom Spars, vide Spars.

---Boxwood,.

imported in a Britifh-built fhip, the ton con-' taining 20 hundred weight —

■ ■ ■■ ■■ * 1 in a foreign fhip, the ton containing 20 hundred weight	—

Vide the notes inferted at the end of Wood Brazil or Fernambuck Wood for dyers ufe, the hundred weight

Digitized by

Google

O IO O

o 10 I

o 10 o

O 10	2

I 10 O

1 IO 3

o o

O 3

Oil o

o 11

9i

2 >3 2 *5

5 10

127

Drawback.

£• d*

09	8

098

098

098

1	9 6 196

2	19 o 2 19 o

o 10 II

o 10 11

008

008

290

290

000

SCHEDULE A.	Duty.	Drawback.
INWARDS.  Wood, continued*  N.8. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, under which Brazil or Fernambuck Wood tor dyer* ufe may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. i. cap. 15.  Vide alfo the itooes inferted at the end of Wood. .  —• Brazilletto or Jamaica Wood for dyers ufe, the hun-	c *• *  ►  *  r	£. t.
dred weight <— —  N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftridions, under which Brazilletto or Jamaica Wood for dyers ufe may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. 1. cap. 19.  Vide alfo the notes inferted at the end t>f Wood.  —- Cant Spars, vide Spars.  — Capravens. vide Spars.  Clapholt. vide Clap-boards.  —— Deals, above 7 inches in width, exceeding ao feet in length, and not exceeding‘4 inched in thick-nefs,	O37	000  I  i
	imported in a Britifli-buift fhip, the rao	5 l9 0	5 11 6
			 ■ —■■■— in a foreign fhip, the izo —  ■■■ - above 7 inches in width, exceeding 20 feetirr length, arid exceeding 4 inches in thicknefs,	632	S xi 6
—	imported-in a Britifh-built fhip, the 1-20 # -—■—. . in a foreign fhip, the 120  —■ - - above 7 inches in width, being 8-feet in length and notabove 20 feet in length, and not exceed-ing 3^ inches in thicknefs,  —	imported in tf^Britifh-built fhip, the 1*0	11x8 0 12 2 2	—1  0 0
	2J3 0	2 10 6
- ■ —— 		in a foreign fhip, the 120  ■ above 7 inches in width, being 8foet in length and not above 20 feet in length, and exceeding 3^ inches in thicknefs,	2 14 s	2 10 6
— imported in a Britifh built fhip, the 120	560	S 1 0
—* ■ ■ ■ 		in a foreign fhip, the 120  Vide the notes inferted at the end of Wood.  « Deal £mls, above 7 inches in width, being under 8 feet in length, and not exceeding 3^ inches in thicknefs.	S 7 5	5 x °
—— imported in a Britifh-buBt fhip, the 120	0 17 8	0 16 10
length, and exceeding 3^ inches in thicknefs.	0182	0 16 10
*	imported in a Britifh-built fhip, the 120	1 15 4	1 13 *
—— - ■ in a foreign fhip, the 120 Vide the notes inferted at the end of Wood,  — Ebony, imported in a Britifh-built fhip, the hundred	1 16 3	1 13 *
weight — —	0 13 3	OU3
Vide the notes inferted at the end of Wood. — Firkin Staves, vide Staves.  / h	0 13 9	0 12 3

Anno Ticefrmo feptimo Gborgii III. C. 13.	129

SCHEDULE A. j	| Duty.	Drawback.
INWARDS.  ood, continued.  	Firewood, the fathom 6 feet wide and 6 feet high.	£> u d.	£• i. d*
imported in a Britilh-buiK (hip —	028	02 6
		 — in a foreign (hip —  Vide the notes inferted at the end of Wood.  — Fir Quarters, 5 inches fquare, and under 8 inches fquar£, or if 24 feet in length or upwards.	029  /	02 6
—— imported in a Britifh-built (hip, the 120	213 0	2106
- in a foreign (hip, the 120 feet in length.	2 H 5	2 10 6
— imported in a Britifh-built (hip, the 120  	—— in a foreign (hip, the 120  Vide the notes inferted at the end of Wood. < — Fir Timber, 8 inches fquare or upwards,  	imported in a Britifh-built (hip, the load	i r 3  1 x 9	1 0 3  1 o 3
containing $0 cubic feet —  — * ■ in a foreign (hip, the load con-	068	064
taining 50 cubic feet — Vide th6 notes inferted at the end of Wood.	0610	064
— Foftick for dyfcrs ufe, the hundred weight  N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftriftions, ofcder which' Fuflick for dyers ufe may be entered without paynient of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo f. cap. 15. . ,  * Vide alfb the notes inferted at the end of Wood. Handfjrtkes, under 7 feet in length.	0010	000
■■ — imported in a Britifh-built (hip, the xzc	068	062
	0 611	062
— imported in aBrrtifh-built (hip, the 120	0 13 4	0X2 4
	in a foreign (hip, the 120  Vide the notes inferted at the end of Wood.  —	Heading; Staves, vide Staves.  —* Kilderkin Staves, vide Staves.1  —	Knees of Oak, under 5 inches fquare.	0 13 7	0 12 4
—■ imported in a Briti(h-bailt (hip, the 12c	0 3 4	O 3 (
fquare.	036	O3I
— imported in a Briti(h-built (hip, the 120	113 0	i 10 6
— imported in a Britifh-built (hip, the load	1 14 5	1 10 6
: containing 50,cubic feet —	0 911	092
contlaining 50 cftbic feet —  Vide the notes inferted at the end of Wood. — Lath wood, in pieces tinder 5 feet in length, the fathom 6 feet wide and 6 feet high.	->*-  0  0	092
— imported in a Britifh-built (hip' —	0 13 3	0 12 3
Vo*.. XXXV L K. .  Digitized by VjOOQ LG	0 13 9	012 3

i3°

SCHEDULE A.

INWARDS.

Wood, continued.

—	Lathwood, in pieces 5 feet in length or upwards, the

fathom 6 feet wide and 6 feet high,

■	--imported in a Britiih-built ihip —

■	 in	a foreign ihip —

Vide the notes infertcd at the end of Wood.

—	Lignum Vitse, the hundred weight	—

Vide the notes inferred at the end of Wood.

—	■■	Logwood	for	dyers ufe, the ton containing ao hundred

weight	—	—

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reflriflions, under which Logwood for dyers ufe may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. I. cap. 15.

Vide alfo the notes inferred at the end of Wood.

*— Mahogany, the ton containing 20 hundred weight. Vide the notes infertcd at the ehd of Wood.

—	Mails under 6 inches in diameter, vide Spars.

—	■ ■ Mails, 6 inches in diameter, and under 8 inches,

-----imported in a Britiih* built ihip, the mall

----■ ■ ..... . in a foreign (hip, the mail

»--	■	8	inches	in	diameter,	and	under	12 inches,

-----imported in a Britiih-built ihip, the mail

in a foreign ihip, the mail

■ ■ —— 12 inches in diameter or upwards,

■ — imported in a Britifh-built Blip, the mad

—	  in	a	foreign ihip, the mail

■ Nicaragua Wood for dyers ufe, the hundred weight

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reilri&ions, under which Nicaragua Wood for dyers ufe may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. 1. cap. 15.

Vide alfo the notes inferted at the end of Wood.

—	Oak Boards, vide Boards.

-----Oak Flank, 2 inches in thicknefs or upwards,

— imported in a Britiih-built 'Blip, the load containing $0 cubic feet —

■ — —----------in a foreign ihip, the load

containing 50 cubic feet	—

Vide the note§. inferted at the end of Wood.

- Oak Timber, 8 inches fauare or upwards,

-----imported in a Britiih built ihip, the

load containing 50 cubic feet —

-■■ -----------in a foreign ihip, the load

containing 50 cubic feet	—

Vide the notes inferted at the end of Wood.

—	Oars, imported in a Britifh-built ihip, the 120	—

— -	■ ■» in a foreign flap, the 120	—

Vide the notes inferted at the end of Wood.

—	Olive Wood, imported in a Britiih-built Blip, the t<

containing 20 hundred weight —

in a foreign ihip, the ton con-

taining 20 hundred weight

i Google

II. C. 13.  Duty.	(1787.  Drawback.
£■ '• d.	£. i.
0 19 10	0 18 4
i 0 4	0 18 4
023	020
n 0 0	000
240	200
0 1	0 1 0
012	010
° 3 1	0 3 1
036	0 3 1
068	06a
0 6 11	062
0 1 4	000
0 19 10	0 18 4
1 0 8	0 18 4
0911	092
0 19 4	092
1 19 8	1 16 8
2 * 3	1 16 8
360	3 1 0
V)  OO  O	3 I «>

Digitized by *

SCHEDULE. A.

INWARDS.

tod, continued.

Vide the notes inferted at the end ,of Wood.

-	Paling Boards, vide Boards.

-Pipeor Hogfhead Staves, vide Staves.

-Pianb, of Ireland, the 100 feet	—

-Bed or Guinea Wood for dyers trfe, the ton containing

30 hundred weight N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reflri&ions, under which Red or Guinea Wood for dyers ufe may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. 1. cap. 15.

Vide alfo the notes inferted at the end of Wood. -Round Wood, under 8 inches fquare, and under 6 feet in length,

—	imported in a Britifh-built fhip, the 120

——-----------in a foreign fhip, the 1 *0 —

■	* under 8 inches fquare, and if 6 feet in

length or upwards,

—	imported in a Britifli-built fhip, the 120

■ ■	in	a foreign fhip, the 120 —

Vide the notes inferted at the end of Wood.

-	Scaleboards. vide Boards.

-	Span, under 22 feet in length, and under 4 inches in

diameter e*clufive of the bark,

—— imported in a Britifh-built fhip, the 120

-----in a foreign fhip, the 120	—

— 22 feet in length, or upwards, and under 4 inches in diameter exclufive of the bark,

—• imported in a Britifh-built fhip, the 120 -■»—	in	a	foreign fhip, the 120	—

—— 4 inches in diameter, and under 6 inches exclufive of the bark,	(

—	imported in a Britifh built fhip, the 120

—	-------  in	a	foreign fhip, the 120	—

—— 6 inches in diameter or upwards, vide Mafls.

Vide the notes inferted at the end of Wood.

-	Speckled Wood, the hundred weight —

Vide the notes inferted at the end of Wood.

-Spoket for Wheels, not exceeding 2 feet in length,

—	imported in a Britifh-built fhip, the 1000

*	■	in	a	foreign fhip, the 1000

-—exceeding 2 feet in length,

—	impprted in a Britifh-built fhip, the 1000

- in a foreign fhip, the 1000 Vyle the notes inferted at the end of Wood.

-Staves, not exceeding 36 inches in length, not above 3 inches in thicknefs, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth,

—	imported in a Britifh-built fhip, the 120

• in a foreign fhip, the 120	—

*3*

Doty, | Draw back.

i« d*

029

360

— above 36 inches in length and not exceeding 50 inches in lengthy not above 3 inches in thick-

Digitized by Google

*3

*3

6

7

11

11

c* *• 4*

026

boo

0 4 5

19 10 o 8

*9

1

0123.

0	12	3

1	4 i

i 4 6

o 6 x 06s

o 10 x o 10 I

I 2	5

I 2 S

O 4 I

o 18	4

0	18 4

1	16 8 t 16 8

o j 10 o 3 10

•Anno vicefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 13. [1787. SCHEDULE.

A.

INWARDS.

Wood, continued. .

•— Staves, viz.

nefs, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth,

-; ■ ■■ imported in a Britifh-built fhip, the 120

—	»	in a foreign fhip, the 120	—

-	-- - above 50 inches in length, and not exceeding

60 inches in length, not above 3 inches in thick-nefs, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth,

—— imported in a Britifh-built fhip, the 120

■	-----in a foreign fhip, the 120	—

» — ■ ■ above 60 inches in length, and not exceeding

72 inches in length, not above 3 inches in thick-nefs, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth,

—	*■ imported in a Britifh-built fhip, the 120

1 —	1	■	in a foreign'fhip, the 120	—

—	above 72 inches in length, not above 3 inches in thicknefs, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth,

«— imported in a Britifh-buik fhip* the 120

■	- ■	in a foreign fhip, the 126	—

»- above 3 inches in thicknels, or above 7 inches

in breadth, and not exceeding 5 feet 3 inches in length, fhall be deemed Clapboards, and pay duty accordingly. t above 3 inches in thicknefs, or above 7 inches in breadth, and exceeding 5 feet 3 inches in length, fhall be deemed Pipeboards, and pay duty accordingly.

Vide the notes inferted at the end of Wood.

■ ■■ Sweet Wood, the hundred weight	—

Vide the notes inferted at the end of Wood.

—■ Timber of Ireland, the ton or load	—

—	.■ Timber of all fprts not otherwife particularly enume-

rated and deferibed, being 8 inches fquare or # tipwards,

—— imported in a Britifh-built fhip, the load <cont£ining 50 cubic feet	—

—	■	■	in a foreign fhip, the load contain

ing 50 cubic feet	—

Vide the notes inferted at the end of Wood.

Trays of Wood,	*1

•— Trenchers of Wood.	(,r,	. T

Treenails, or Trunnels; |	1	1	k

—	Tubs of Wood. - J

—	Ufers, under 5 inches fquare, and under 24 feet in

length,

—	imported in a Britifh-built fhip, the 120

-■	— in a foreign fhip, the 120	—

——r ; 5 inches fquare and under 8 inches fquare, or « if 24 feevin length or upwards,

—	imported in a Britifh-built fhip, the 120 in a foreign fhip, the 120

Vide the notes inferted at the end of Wood,

, Google

Duty.	Drawback.
£• *	jC* d%
076	0 7 3
0 7 7	0 7 3
0 10 0	0 9 S
0 10 1	098
015 0	0 14 6
0 15 1	0 14 6
0176	0 16 8
0 17 7	0 16 8

5	6 3 o

6	8 6 10

*	3

*	9

»$ o

0 4 >0 028

064

064

1	b j 103

3 10 6

2	iq 6

Digitized by '

'*7-J Anno Vicefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 13.

SCREDULE A.	Duty.

INWARDS.

ood, continued.

—	Wainfcot Boards, vide Boards.

—	Wainfcot Logs, being 8 inches fquare or upwards,

—	imported in a Britifh-built (hip, the load

containing 50 cubic feet —

-	in	a fo/eign fhip, the load con

taining 50 cubic feet —

Vide the notes inferted at the end of Wood.

—	Wood for dyers ufe not otherwife enumerated, the

hundred weight	—	—	—

Vide the notes inferted at the end of Wood.

—	Wood Scoops, vide Scoops of Wood.

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions under which any fort of unmanufactured Wood, being the growth and product of America (except mads, yards, and bowfprits) may be imported direCUy

. from thence in Britifh-built veflels without paying any eu&ora or other duty whatever, vide 11 Geo. 3. cap. 4t; and 26 Geo. 3. cap. 60.

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reltri&ions, under which any fort of Wood, plank, or timber whatfberer wrought or unwrought (except mads, wards, or bowfprits) or any of the goods called lumber (enumerated in the adt of the 8 Geo. 1. cap. il.) may be imported direftly from any of his Majefty’s Britifh plantations or colonies in America, in Britifh-bnilt fhips free from all cuftoms and impositions, vide & Geo. i. cap. 12; 26 Geo. 3. cap. 53; and 26 Geo. 3. cap. 6o.

00], fix.

w— Bever Wool, duty-free.

—	■ ■ — ■ — cut and combed, (except combed in Ruflia

and imported from thence in Britifh-built (hips), the pound —	—

—	Carmenia Wool, vide Hair of Goats.

—	Coney Wool, the pound	—	—	.

—	Cotton Wool of the Britifh plantations, duty-free.

■— Cotton Wool not of the Britifh plantations, the pound

. N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftridlions, under which Cotton Wool may be imported in Bri-tilh-built fhips without payment of any duty whatever, vide 6 Geo. 3. cap. 52.

—	ERridge Wool, imported m a Britifh-built fhip, duty-

free.

-	  •	imported	in a foreign fhip, the hun-

dred weight	—	—

—	Hare’s Wool, the pound	—	—

—	Irifh Wool, combed or uncombed, duty-free.

—	Lamb’s Wool, duty-free. *

—	Polonia Wool, duty-free,

—	Red Wool, duty-free.

—	Sheep’s Wool, duty-free, v— Spaiulh Wool, duty-free.

& 3 Digitized by



0911 o 10 4

018

o 16 6 o o ij

Q O I

*33

Drawback.

092

092

009

000

OOP

o 0 oj

070

000

INWARDS.

Woollen Cloths, vide Cloths of Woollen.

■	■ ■— Stuffs, vide Stuffs.

Worm Seed, vide Drugs.

Y.

Yarn, viz.

—	" Cable Yarn, the hundred weight —	—

—— Camel or Mohair Yarn, the pound	—

* 1 ■ Cotton Yarn, the pound	—	—

—------—	., imported by the Eafl India company, the

the pound	—	—

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftridions, under which Cotton Yarn of the manufadure of Ire land may be imported diredly from thence without payment of any duty whatever, vide 18 Geo. 3 cap. 56.

—	Grogram Yarn, the pound	—	—

•——- Irifh Yarn, the pack containing four hundred weight at fix fcore pounds to the hundred weight — N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftridions under which Yarn of the manufacture of Ireland may be imported diredly from thence without payment of any duty whatever, vide 7 and 8 Will. 3. cap. 39; and 16 Geo. 2. cap, 2$.

----Raw Linen Yarn, the pound —	—

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftridions, under which Raw or Brown Linen Yarn made of flax may be imported in Britilh-built (hips without payment of any duty whatever, vide 29 Geo. 2. cap. 15 and 19 Geo. 3. cap. 27.

— ■ Wick Yarn, the hundred weight —	—

— Woollen or Bay Yarn, the hundred weight	—

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftridions

under which Woollen or Bay Yarn may be imported from Ireland without payment of duty, vide 12 Geo. 2. cap. 21; and 26 Geo. 2. cap. 11.

—— Worfted Yarn, being of two or more threads, twilled gft thrown, the pound	—

o o

12

o o

A

Digitized by

Google

3. [1787.

Drawback.

'• £. s. i.

6 o o o 7006 3i o 0 3

3i 0 o 3

8007 e o 19 6

o 0 0

8180 8 o 13 o

10 o o 9

SCHEDULE A.

Duty.

£. /. d.

OUTWARDS.

Agarick, trimmed or pared, foreign, the pound —

—	■ rough or uiitrimmed, foreign, the pound

Alum Britilh, the hundred weight —	—

Annocto, foreign, the pound	—■	—

Aotimooium Crudum, foreign, the hundred weight Aqua Fords, foreign, the gallon	—	• —

Argol, foreign, the hundred weight	—

Arinick, foreign, the pound	—	—

Bayberries, foreign, the hundred weight	—

Brazil or FernambuCo Wood, foreign, the hundred weight Bmilletto or Jamaica Wood, foreign9/ the hundred weight Cambricks, foreign, and French Lawns, having been fecured in warehouses under the reguladons directed by the 32 Geo. 2. cap. j2 ; and 7 Geo. 3. cap. 43, on exportation to his Majefty’s colonies in America, the piece containing 13 ells —

Cards, viz.

——New Wool Cards, Britilh, the dozen

■	■ — Old Wool Cards, Britilh, the dozen Cloth, viz.

—	White Woollen Cloth commonly called Broad Cloth, the

Coals, ufually fold by meafure, viz.

—	exported to Ireland or the 11le of Man, the chalder containing

36 bulheis Winchefter meafure	—	^	—•

* - — exported to any Britilh colony or plantation in America, the chalder containing 36 bulhels Winchefter meafure —

■	---exported to any other place, viz.

—	in Britilh-built Ihips, the chalder Newcaftle meafure

■	— ■ — in foreign Ihips, the chalder Newcaftle meafure

—	exported in certain quantities from the ports of Newcaftle and

Swanfea, to the illands of Jerfey, Guernfey, and Alderney, provided the conditions, regulations, reftri&ions, and limitations, directed by the 6 Geo. 3. cap. 40, are duly complied with, the chalder Newcaftle meafure

—	ufually fold by weight, viz.

—	exported to Ireland or the Ille of Man, the ton containing 20

hundred weight	—	—	—

■	— exported to any Britilh colony or plantation in America, the

ton containing 20 hundred weight

—	exported to any other place, viz.

—	in Britilh-built Ihips, the ton containing 20 hundred

weight	—	—	—

■	—* in foreign Ihips, the ton containing 2p hundred

weight	—	—	—

Cochineal, foreign^ the pound	—	—	—

Cream of Tartar, foreign, the hundred weight —	—

034

OO7

OO4

O56

O I 2 0 2 3 OI) 5

I7O

O II o

009

016

052

092 0 0 2 01a

Digitized by

Google

OUTWARDS. '

Culm exported to Lifbon, provided the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, directed by the 31 Geo. 2. cap* 157 and the 13 Geo. 3. cap. 70, are duly complied with,

—----in a Britifh-built (hip, the chalder Newcaftle mea<

fure —	—	—	—

.....—• in a foreign ftnp, the chalder Newcaftle meafure

Fuftick, foreign, the hundred weight	—	—	—

Galls, foreign, the hundred weight	—	—

Glue, Britifli, the hundred weight	—	—	—

Gum Arabic, foreign, the hundred weight	—	—

Gum Senega, foreign, the hundred weight	—	—

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, under which a certain quantity of Gum Senega, or Gum Arabic, may be ex* ported to Ireland duty-free, vide 6 Geo. 3. cap. 46.

Hair, viz.

—- Hart’s Hair, the hundred weight	—	—

—	Horfe Hair, the hundred weight *	—	—

—	Cow or Ox Hair, the hundred weight —	—

Horfes, Mares, or Geldings, each —	—	—•

Indico of all forts, foreign, the pound	—	—•

Jftnglafs, foreign, the hundred weight	—	—

Lawns, vide Cambricks.

Lead, cad or uncaft, the fodder or ton containing 20 hundred weight Leather of all forts* tanned, tawed, or drefled, the hundred weight Litharge of Lead, the hundred weight	—	—

Litmus, foreign, the hundred weight —	—

Logwood, foreign, the hundred weight	—	—

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, under which Logwood may be exported in Britifti-built fhips duty-free, vide 7 Geo. 3. cap 47.

Madder, foreign, the hundred weight	—	—

Madder Roots, foreign, the pouna —	—

Nicaragua Wood, foreign, the ton containing 20 hundred weight Orchal, foreign, the hundred weight	—	—

Orchelia, foreign, the hundred weight	—	—

Pomegranate Peels, foreign, the hundred weight	—

Red or Guinea Wood, foreign, the	hundred	weight	—

Safldwer, foreign, the pound	—	—	—

Sal Armoniac, foreign, the pound —	—	—

Sapan Wood, foreign, the hundred weight —	—

Saunders Red, foreign, the hundred weight —	—

Sal Gem, foreign, the pound	—	—	—

Shiimac, foreign, the hundred weight	—	.

Skins, viz.

—	■— Badger Skins, the piece —	—	—

• —■? Beaver Skins, the fkin or piece of (kia	" —	—

------Beaver Wool or Wombs, the pound —	—#

——T Calve Skins, tanned, tawed, or drefled,	the hundred weight

——— Cat Skins, the 100	—	—	—

. Coney Skins, drefled or tawed, the 120	—	—

black, with filver hairs or without* drefled or tawed* the tag	—	—	0	j

o 1 i 0 1 g

0 O L

0	, I

0 0 11*

1	*3 4

o 5

%

i

O I 0 6 o 1

0 5 0 0

o 0 ir

2	5 2 0 1 i

003 0 0 1 0 1 2

0 10

0	Oy

4 5

1	2

0 7 0 5 0 10 0 1 0 oj 0 4 o 9, 0 o* 0 5

Digitized by v^ooQle

1787.] Anno vicefimp feptimo Georgii IIL c. 13.' SCHEDULE A.	>37  Duty.
* OUTWARDS.	
Skins, continued.  —	Dog Skins, the dozen — — —  •		Elk Skins caw, the piece — — —  *	- — Fitches, the timber containing 40 (kins — —  —	Fox Skins, the piece — — —  —	Kid Skins in the Hair, the 100 — —  ■	Kid Skins drefled, the 100 — —• —  —	Otter Skins raw, the piece — — —  ■ ■ - —■ tawed, the piece — —  ■	—■ Sheep and Lamb Skins d refled, without wool, the 1 ao#  ■	— Sheep Skins tanned, tawed, or drefled, the hundred weight ^—Squirrel Skins, the 1000 — — —  —	Swan Skins, the piece — — —  —	Wolf Skins tawed, the piece — — Sticklaek, foreign, the pound — —• —  Tin anwFODght, the hundred weight — — — Tnroefole, foreign, the pound — — — Vilonia, foreign, the ton containing ao hundred weight — Vcrdigreafe, foreign, the pound — — — Wool, viz. Beaver Wool, the pound *■>	00 t 0 1 s  0	1 10  001 007 009 0 0 oj 0 0 t 029 0 12 O29 0 0 2 OO4 0 0 oj  0 3 4 0 0. o£  0	3 11  001 0,1 8

Digitized by

COASTWISE.

Coal% (except Charcoal made of Wood) brought coadwife from port to port ia Great Britain, except into the port of London); viz.

■	■	■	— in cafe they zrt fuch as are- mod ufually

fold by weight, the ton containing ?o hundred weight	—	—	—

■	■ ■ ■— in cafe they are fuch as are mod ufually

fold by the chalder or by any other meafure reducible ^thereto, the chalder containing 36 bulhels Wincheder meafure	—

fy.B. For the dimenfions and contents of the Coal bulhel, vide 1 2 Ann. Hat. 2. cap. 17.

Guilty, btpMght coadwife from port to port in Great Britain, .. (except into the port of London), the chalder containing 36 bulhels Winshefter meafure — Cynders, made of Pit-Coal, brought coadwife from port to port in Great Britain, for every chalder containing , 36 bulhels Wincheder meafure	•	—

Coilsj Culm, and Cyhders, carried from the bridge of Sterling which is on the Firth of Forth to the Town of Dunbar, or to Redhead, or to any part betwixt them, or from Ellen Foot to Bank End in the county of Cumberland, or from any creek or place to any other creek or place between Ellen Foot and Bank End aforefaid, are not by reafon of fuch carriage liable to any duty of cultoms.

Coals, except Charcoal made of Wood, brought coallwife into the port of London, viz.

—	in cafe they are fuch as are mod ufually fold by weight, the ton containing 20 hundred weight

—	in cafe they are fuch as are mod ufually lold by

the chalder or by any other meafure whatever reducible thereto, the chalder containing 36 bulhels Wincheder meafure	—	—

Culm, brought coadwife into the port of London, the chalder containing 36 bulhels Wincheder meafure Coals, brought coadwife into the port of London for the only ufe and fervice of the royal hofpital at Chelfea, not exceeding 100 chalder by the year, the chalder containing 36 bulhels Wincheder meafure —

— - For all Coals that lhall be ufed for melting copper and tin ores within the counties of Cornwall and Devon, or in fire engines for the draining water out of the mines of tin and copper within the county of Cornwall, there lhall be repaid a drawback of all the duties paid thereon.

For the conditions, regulations, and refiri&ions, under which fuch drawback lhall be repaid, vide 9 Ann. cap. 6; and 14 Geo. 2. cap. 41.

For all coals that lhall be ufed in calcining or fmelt-

£■

d.

£• >■

I

O38

O56

0 12 o 5	6

0 3 I

0 5

0 1 a

0 0 a

070

o 8 10

° 4 5

056

Digitized by

Google

0 4 •

0 $ >»

o 1 5

0 0 0

SCHEDULE A.

COASTWISE.

Coals, continued.

ing copper and lead ores within the ifle of Angle-fey, or in fire engines for draining water out of the mines of copper and lead within the faid ifle, there lhall be repaid a drawback of all the duties paid thereon, provided the amount of fuch drawbacks lhall not exceed the fum of £. i ,500 in any one year. For the conditions, regulations, refiridions, and limitations, under which fuch drawbacks lhall be allowed, vide 26 Geo. 3. cap. 104.

Calm, to be ufcd for the burning of lime, viz. t— Sent coafiwife in any fhips, veflels, or boats, not exceeding 30 tons burthen, from any place within the limit* of the port of Milford in the county of Pembroke to any other place within the counties of Pembroke, Carmarthen, Cardigan, or Merioneth, the chalder containing 36 bufl&els Winchefler mca-fure	—	—	—

N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and refiri&ions, under which Culm may be fent as before mentioned, vide 33 Geo. 2. cap. 9.

Wine, in bottles exceeding three dozen, or in a calk or calks exceeding ten gallons in quantity, fent coaftwifc or bf land carriage into the port of London or the members thereof, or to any place whatever within the difiance of twenty miles from the Royal Exchange of London, to be paid to the proper officers of the cuftoms neared to tlie place from whence fuch Wine is intended to be removed; viz.

-r*of the produce of the European dominions of the French king, the ton containing 232 gallons • of any other fort, except Rhenilh, German, and Hun gary Wines, the ton containing 252 gallons N.B. For the condidons, regulations, and refiri&ions, under which fuch Wine may be fo removed, vide the ad to which this Schedule is annexed.

Duty.

o 1 *

4 4 0 2 16 o

*39

Drawback;

/. dm

OOO

OOO

0 o o

Digitized by

■4<>	Anno	viccfimo	feptimo	Georgii	III.	c.	13.	[17ft7.

TABLE B.

A Table of the Duties of Cuftoms payable on the Importation into this Kingdom,* and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation from thence, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies and not being particularly charged with Duty when fo imported.

TABLE. B.

L-

Duty. Drawback.

Arangoes, For every £, 100 of the true and real value thereof according to the grofs price at which fuch goods fhall have been fold at the publick Tales of the united company of merchants of England trad-tto the Eaft Indies	—

China Ware, For every £.ioo of the true and real value* thereof according to the grofs price at which fuch goods (hall nave been fold at the publick Tales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies — Cotton Manufactures, not otherwise particularly enumerated or deferibed, for every £.100 of the true and real value thereof according to the grofs price pt which fuch goods fhall have been fold at the publick fait* of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies. Cowries, For every £, 100 of the true and real value thereof according to the grofs price at which fuch goods (hall have been fold at the publick Tales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies —	—

Drugs, manufactured, not otherwife particularly enumerated or deferibed, for every £.100 of the true and real value thereof according to the grofs price at which fuch goods (hall have been fold at the publick Tales of the united company of mer-. chants of England trading to the Eaft Indies Drugs, unmanufactured, not otherwise particularly enume rated or deferibed, for every ^.100 of the true and real value thereof according to the grofs price at which fuch goods (hall have been fold at the publick falcs of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies Japanned or Lacquered Wares, for every J£.ioo of the true and real value thereof according to the grofs price at which fuch goods (hall have been fold at the publick Tales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies

d.

c <• '•

47 »© o

3* *3 4

Digitized by

Google

29 16 0

45 5 0

50 o o

48 10 ©

3* »3 4

29 16

40 o o

38 6 3

3100

29 2

49 19 o

47 0 0

TABLE B.

Mullins Plain, Nanquki Cloth, Mullins or White Callicoes flowered or ditched, for every jf.ioo of the true and real value thereof according to the grofs price at which fuch goods fhall have been fold at the pabiick fales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indies	—	—	—	18 o o

Tea, For every £.100 of the true and real value thereof according to the grofs price at which it fhall have been fold at tne publick laics of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indies	—	—	500

exported to Ireland or any of the Britifh colonies or plantations in America, for every >£.100 of the true and real value thereof as abovementioned 000 N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reltri&ions, under which the drawback may be allowed on tea exported to Ireland or to any of the Britifh colonies or plantations in America, vide 25 Geo. 3 cap. 74.

N.B. Tea is alfo fubjeft to the duty of excife.

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize prohibited to be worn or ufed in Great Britain, imported for exportation only, for every £.i 00 of the true and real value thereof according to the grofs price at which fuch goods (hall have been fold at the publick fales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indies —

»■■■ ■ On exportation to Africa (except to the iflands of Madeira, the Canary iflands, the Azores or Weflern ifles) the following drawbacks are to be allowed, viz.

— Alleijars, the piece	—	—

----Bejotapants, the piece	—	—

—	By rampants, the piece	—	—

— Bine Long Cloths, the piece	—	—

—	Brawles the piece	—	—

----Callaway-Pores, the piece —	—

—	Cufhtaes, the piece	—	—

— Coo pees, the piece	—	—

----Chintz, the piece	—	—

— Chclloes, the piece	—	—

— Cotton Romals, the piece	—	—

—	Guinea Stulls, the piece	—	—•

—— Nicamees, fmall, the piece —	—

— Nicamees, large, the piece	—	—

—	Negampants, the piece	—	—

—	Photaes the piece —	—	—

— Saftra-Cundies, the piece	—	—

•—• Tapfeils, the piece	—	#	—

Manufa&ured Goods, Wares, and Merchandize not other-

wife particularly enumerated or deferibed for

Duty.



Drawback*

10 o 0

000

500

6150

000

o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o 0

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

X

o

2

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

Q

0

1

0

1

*

H*

• TABLE B.

Anno vicefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 13. [17? TABLE B.	Doty.	Drawbi

Goods, Wares, See. continued, viz.

£• *• £• *•

---,	—--------  —	9----

every f.\oo of the true and real value thereof according to the grofs price at which fuch goods ihall have been fold at the publick fates of the lerchants of England trad-

Unmanufa&ured Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not

otherwife particularly enumerated or deferibed, for every too of the true and real value thereof according to the grofs price at which fuch goods ihall have been told at the publick Tales of the aerchants of England trad-

37 >6 3 36 1

18 5 o j6 s 1

Digitized by C,ooQle

Hi

TABLE C.

A Table of the Duties of Cuftoms to be paid on the Importation into Great Britain, and of the Drawbacks thereof to be allowed on the Exportation from thence, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being of tlie Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King.

TABLE C.

’	Duty. (Drawback,	
INWARDS.  Wine of the prodace of the European dominions of the French king, viz.  — imported into the port of London in a Britifh-	£■ '• 4-	C* ^
built fhip, the ton containing 252 gallons	*9 8 0	000
252 gallons — —  and exported to any Britifh colony or plantation in America or to any Britifh fettlement in the Eaft In-	33 1* 0	000
dies, the ton containing 252 gallons * —  — ■ exported to any other place, the ton	000	29 8 0  £
containing 252 gallons — cept the port of London) in a Britifh-boilt fhip, the	0 0 0	24 13 6
ton containing 252 gallons — —  - ■	in a foreign Ihip, the ton contain-	*5 4°	OOO
taining 252 gallons — 4 —  Britain, (except the port of London) and exported to any Britifh colony or plantation in America or to any Britifh (ettlement in the Eaft Indies, the ton	29 8 0	OOO
containing 252 gallons — —  —		exported to any other place, the ton	0 0 0	25 4 O
containing 252 gallons —  N.B. Sabjeft alfo to the duty of excife.  — of the produce of the European dominions of the French king entered for pnfage, viz.	000	20 9 ft
built fhip, the ton containing 252 gallons  — ■—— in a foreign fhip, the ton contain-	21 11 10	OOO
ing 252 gallons —- — having been imported into the port of London, and exported to any Britifh colony or plantation in America or to any Britifh fettlement in the Eaft Ini-	24 6 9	000
dies, the ton containing 252 gallons ~»  Digitized by CjOCK	■jr*+ 1  °  O  O	21 II 10

TABLE C.

I N W A R D S.

French Wine entered for prifage, continued, viz.

■■	—	exported	to	any.	other	place,	the	ton

containing 252 gallons	—

imported into any port of England, except the

port of London, in a Britifh-built mip, the ton containing 2J1 gallons	—	—

in a foreign (hip, the ton contain-

ing 252 gallons	—

except the port of London, and exported to any Bri-tifh colony or plantation in America or to any Bri-tiih fettlement in the Eaft Indies, the ton containing 252 gallons —	—	—

-	■ ■—— exported to any other place, the ton

containing 252 gallons	—

N.B. Subjedt alfo to the duty of excife.

252 gallons Oil, viz.

fhip, the gallon	—-	—

-	•	—	imported	in	a	foreign	(hip,	the	gallon

Ions

mg 252 gallons	—-

dominions of the French king, the gallon N.B. Subjedt alfo to the duty of excile.

law, for every £*100 of the value thereof N.B. Snbjedt alfo to the duty of Excife.

king, imported diredfly from thence into Great Bri tain, in (hips of the built of either country owi and navigated according to law, for cvtty jT, ioc the value thereof	—-	—

es tompofed of Iron or Steel, feparately Or mixed, worked or mounted with other fubftances, fuch arti cles not exceeding in their value fifty {hillings by hundred weight, being of thevmanufadlure of European dominions of the French king, and im

fbips of the built of either country owned and navi

II. c. 13.  Doty.	[i7i  Drawba
£• /*	c
000	*7 '7
18 16 10	0 0
21 11 10	0 0
000	18 16 1
000	ij 0
32 18 10	7 *+'
0 I \	0 1
0 12  ‘	0 1
7O9	6 4
798  1	6 4
ON*  O  O	0 0
O  O  O  «*N	0 0  '
1000  r  5  1	0 0

Digitized by

Googl

TABLE C.	Duty.	Drawback.
INWARDS.  Articles compofed of Iron or Steel, continued.  gated according to law, for every £. 100 of the value	0 /. d.  a	C i. .
thereof — — —  Articles compofed of Iron or Steel, feparately or mixed, or worked or mounted with other fobitances, and exceeding in their value fifty (hillings by the hundred weight, and all buckles, buttons, knives or feiftars, and all other articles of hardware or cutlery, and all artides compofed of copper or brafs, (eparately or mixed, or worked or mounted with other fubftances, all fuch articles being of the manufa&ure of the European dominions of the French king, and imported diredlly from thence into Great Britain, in lhips of the built of either country owned and navi, gated according to law, for every £. too of the value	0  0  Ir>	O  O  0
thereof — — — Manofa&ures of Cottons, and alfo Woollens, whether knit or wove, including hofiery, being of the produce or manufadureof the European dominions of the French king, and imported diredly from thence into Great Britain, in (hips of the built of either country owned and navigated according to law, for every ^.100 of	IO O O	0 0 Q
the value thereof — —  N.B. Cottons, if ftained cr printed, are fubjed alfo to duties of excife.  Cambricks of the manufa&ure of the European dominions of the French king, imported diredly from thence into Great Britain, in (hips of the built of either country owned and navigated according to law, viz.  The demi-piece, not exceeding 7-J yards in length, and not exceeding -J of a yard in breadth, or exceeding \ of a yard in breadth, but not being above the value of fifty (hillings, and fo in proportion for the like forts imported in any pieces	il O O	*  0  0
of any greater length — —  tation in America, and fo in proportion for the like forts exported in any pieces of any greater	O  •A  O	OOO
length — — —  the value of fifty (hillings the demi-piece of 7! yards in length, for every <f.ico of the value	OOO	O 2 10
thereof — — -■ — exported to any Britilh colony or planta-	10 0 0	O O Q
tion in America — —  Lawns of the manufadure of the European dominions of the French king, imported diredly from thence into Great Britain, in (hips of the built of either country - owned and navigated according to law, viz.  The demi-piece, not exceeding 7 J yards in length, and not exceeding t \ yard in breadth, or exceeding yard in breadth, but not being VoL. XXXVI. * L *  Digitized by VjOOQT	OOO  1	•£ 13 *  . X

*4$

.Anno vicefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. i j TABLE C.

07^

INWARDS.

Lawns, continued.

above the value of fifty (hillings, and fo in pro-i	portion	for	the	lik

any greater length

exported to any Britiih colony or planta-

tion in America, and fo in proportion for the i like forts exported in pieces of any greater length	—	—	—

—	■— — ■ ■ Exceeding yard in breadth, and being above

the value of fifty (hillings the demi-piece of 7J yards in length, for every £.100 of the value thereof	—	—

■- exported to any Britifh colony or planta< tion in America	—	—

Linen of the manufacture of the European dominions of the C French king, viz,

*	—	Damalk	Tabling,	not exceeding 1 ell \ in breadth,

the yard	—	—	—

----------------exceeding 1 ell and under 2

ells in breadth, the yard

■	»	---------of the breadth of 2 ells or upwards,

and under 3 ells, the yard r ■ ■ ■■»	of the breadth of 3 eLIs or upwards,

the yard	—	—

—	---Damafk Towelling and Napkining, the yard

—	Diaper Tabling, not exceeding 1 ell £ in breadth,

the yard	—	—	—

* 1 ■ 1	'	—	exceeding 1 ell and under 2 ells

in breadth, the yard —

»■ * ■	"	of the breadth of 2 ells or upwards,

. and under 3 ells, the yard

« ——  ----------- of the breadth of 3 ells or upwards,

the yard	—

■------Diaper Towelling and Napkining, the yard

■ffc. f— Sail Cloth, not exceeding 36 inches in breadth, the 120 ells	—	—	—

-----—	Sail	Cloth,	exceeding	36 indies in breadth, the

ells	—	—

* — Sails ready made, for every j£.ioo of the 1 thereof	—	—	—

feribed, viz.

-	not exceeding 1 ell g in breadth, the ell —

-	exceeding 1 ell and under 2 ells in breadth,

-	of the breadth of 2 ell. or upwards, and under 3

ells, the ell	—	—N	—

-	of the breadth of 3 elk or upwards, the ell LB. Linen printed, or fiair.ed, is alfofubjed to d

of ex.ife.

Duty. *	I Drawbar
£. s.	O -
O  V/l  0	0 0
0  0  0	0 2 1
0  0  0	O* 0
0  0  0	5 *3
0 5 4	0 4 1
0 6 2	0 5
0  0	0 6
0 10 4.	0 9 1
0 III	0 1
025	0 2
O 2 IO	0 2
0 3 2	0 2 i
O48	0 4
OOIO	0 0
2 3 I	-0 0
3 16 1	0 0
O  O	0 0
0 I 4	0 1
0 1 7	0 1
019	0 1
027  - _ ,	0 2

Digitized by

Google

^7*1 Anno vicfefimo fcprimo Georgii III. c. 13.

TABLE C.

of

INWARDS, of the manufacture of the European dominions {he French king, imported diredly from thence into Great Britain, m (hips of the built of either country owned and navigated according to law, for every ^£.ioo of the value thereof —	—

3 of all forts of the manufa&iire of the European dominions of the French king, imported diredly from thence into Great Britain, in {hips of the built of either coyntry owned and navigated according to law, for every £. 100 of the value thereof — aery made up of Muflin, Lawn, Cambrick, or Gauze of any kina, of the manufadure of the European dominions of the French king, imported diredly from thence into Great Britain, in (hips of the built of either country owned and navigated according to law, for every £. too of the value thereof —

If any other article which may be legally imported into this kingdom (hall be ufed in fuch Millenery, Inch articles mall pay duty as if feparately imported, axn. Earthen Ware, and Pottery, of the manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, imported diredly from thence into Great Britain, in ihips of the built of either country owned and navigated according to law, for every £.100 of the value thereof	—	—*	—

Glafs, and Glafs Ware, of the manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, imported direCtly from thence into Great Britain, in (hips of the built of either country owned and navigated according to law, for every £.100 of the value thereof V.B. Subjed alfo to the duty of excife.

Duty.

£• *' d*

1500

10 o o

*47

Drawback.

£• *• d*

o o 0

o o o

1200

000

1200

1200

o o q

000

I**

Digitized

:ed by CjOCK^Ic

Anno vicefimo feptimo Georgii IIL c. *3. [1787,

TABLE D*

A Table of the Duties of Cuftoms payable on the Importation into this Kingdom, and of the Drawbacks thereof to be allowed on the Exportation from thence, of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize whatever fubjedt to Duty, not being particularly enumerated or deferibed, or other-wife charged with Duty in the preceding Schedule or Tables.

TABLE. D.

	Duty.	Drawback
INWARDS.  Cbtton, viz.  enumerated or deferibed, for every £.100 of the		
Value thereof — — — Earthen Ware not otherwife particularly enumerated or de-	0  0	41 10 0
(bribed, for every ^.100 of the value thereof Glafs, viz.  - Plate Glafs and all other glafs manufactures not otherwife particularly enumerated or deferibed,	4116 0	36 II 0
for every /’.too of the value thereof — Hides and Skins and pieces of hides and (kins tanned, tawed, or drefled, not otherwife particularly enumerated or deferibed, for every £,l0° the	60 0 0	43 0 0
value thereof — —  Leather, viz.  of Leather is the moll valuable part, for every	0  0  N  N	25 0 0
£.100 of the value thereof —  Linen, viz,  painted, ftained, or dyed after the manufacture, or in the thread or yarn before the manufacture, and not being otherwife particularly enumerated	•sj  N  0  0	0  0  N
or deferibed, for every £. 100 of the value thereof  —	Linen of the manufacture of Irelantj chequered, or  (triped, painted, (lained, or dyed after the manufacture, or in the thread or yarn before the manu-failure, if imported under the conditions, regulations, and reftriCtions directed by the 7 and 8 W. 3. cap. 39; and 16 Geo. 2. cap. 26$ for every ^.100 of the value thereof —  —	Linen chequered or (triped, or printed, painted,  liained, or dyed after the manufacture, or in the thread or yarn before the manufacture, not prohibited to be imported, worn, or ufed in Great Britain and not otherwife particularly enumerated	00  VO  ro	30 16 8
	49 10 0	49 10 0
. or deferibed, for every ^.100 of the value thereof	00  0  +  N	77 *4 2

;S/-] Aflno vicefimo leptime Georgii III. q, 13.

TABLE D.	Duty.

INWARDS.

tper, Tii.

—— Panted Paper or Paper Hangings for Rooms, for every £.100 of the value thereof	—

— Paper not otherwife particularly enumerated or de fcribed, for every £. 100 of the value thereof tfs, for every £. 100 of the value thereof	—

lips with their tackle, apparel, and furniture (except fails) for every £. too of the value thereof —

'oys, for every £. 100 of the value thereof	—

Pood unmanufa&ured not otherwife enumerated or de-fcribed, imported into Great Britain from any part of Europe, for every £.100 of the value thereof	—	—	—

Joodr, Wares, and Merchandize prohibited to be ufed in this kingdom, but allowed to be brought in and fecured in wareboufes for exportation, not other-wife enumerated or defcribed, for every £.100 of the value thereof	—	—

Soods, Wares, and Merchandize not otherwife particularly enumerated or defcribed, not prohibited to be tried in Great Britain, but allowed by law to be imported and fecured in warehoufes for exportation, for every £.100 of the value thereof 111 other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize whatever, not being particularly enumerated or defcribed or otherwife charged with duty, not prohibited to be imported or ufed in Great Britain and not being exempt from duty, for every £.100 of the value thereof	—-	—	—

c

y.

75 o o

55 o o 45 o o

5 10 o

33	0	o

33 0 0

7 10 o

2 10 o

27 10 o

149

|Drawbaek. £>• s-

000

000

000

000

29	>3 4-

30	10 o o o O 000

o 3

1*3

Digitized by boogie

•|i56	Anno vicefimo feptimo Georgii III. g. 13.	[1787.

TABLE E.

. A Table of the Duties payable on the Exportation from Great Britain, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not being particularly enumerated or dplcribed, of otherwife purged with Duty on the Exportation.

TABLE E.

Duty.

OUTWARDS.

C *•

Copperas Britifh, for evpry £. iqo of the v^lue thereof —

Hair not particularly enumerated, and not prohibited to he exported, for every £. too of the value thereof -7-	—

Lapis Caliminaris, for every /* 100 of the value thereof — Lead Ore, for every £. too of the value thereof —	—

Skins not particularly enumerated, and not prohibited to exported, for every £. iqo of the value thereof —	—

Cotton Wool of the growth or produce of the Britifh plantations in America, for every 100 of the valt^e thereof —

N.R. For the conditions, regulations, ^nd reflri&ions, under which Cotton Wool the growth or produce of the Britifh colonies of plantations in America may be exported in Britifh-built fhipf without payment of duty, vide 19 Geo. 3. cap/53.

All other goods, wares, and merchandize, of the.growth, produ^ioo r	or manufadlure of Great Britain* the exportation of which is

c	hot prohibited by law, may be exported without payment of

duty, provided the fame are regularly entered and ihipped; but on failure thereof fuch goods, wares, and merchandize, fhall be fubjett and liable to duty, viz. for every £. 100 of the value thereof —	—	—	—

5 10 0

5 10 0 5 10 0 S 19 9

5 10 0 S 10 0

5 10 0

• L

Digitized by Goc e

SCHEDULE F.

Duties, Allowances, Bounties, and Drawbacks, of Excife.

SCHEDULE F.

EXCISE DUTIES.,

AUCTION.

F)R every twenty (hillings of the purchafe money arifing or payable by virtue of any fale at audtion in Great Britain of gny intereft in poffeflion or reverfion, in any freehold, copyhold, or lcafehold lands tenements, houfes, or hereditaments, and of any annuities or fums of money charged thereon; and of any utenfils in hufbandry and farming ftock, (hips and veflels; and of any reverfionary interdl in the pablick funds ; and of any plate or jewels; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefTer fum of fuch purchafe money ; to be paid by the aodiooeer, agent, fadtor, or feller by commifiion, three-penc;e halfpenny.	—	—	—	—

For every twenty (hillings of the purchafe money arifing or payable by virtue of any fale at audtion in Great Britain of furniture, fixtures, pictures, books, horfes, and carriages, and all other goods and chattels whatfoever, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefTer fum of fach purchafe money; to be paid by the auctioneer, agent, fadtor, or fcljer by com million, feven-pence.	—	—

BEER.

For every barrel of beer or aje above fix (hillings the barrel (exclufive pf ihe duty hereby impofed on fuch beer or ale, and not being twopenny ale mentioned and deferibed in the feventh article of the treaty of union, not being beer or ale commonly’called Table Beer, which ihall be brewed and made in that part of Great Britain Called England by the common brewer, under, fubjedt, apd according to the roles, regulations, reflridtions, and provifions contained and provided in and by an adt of parliament, made in the twenty.fecond year of the reign of bis prefent Majefty, concerning beer or ale commonly called Table Beer), which (hall be brewed in Great Britain by the common brewer or any other perfon or perfoqs who (hall fell or tap out beer or ale pubiickly or privately; to be paid by fuch common brewer or other perfon , or perfons refpedtively, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefTer quantity, eight (hilling?.

For every barrel of beer or ale of fix lhillings the barrel or under (ex dufive of the duty hereby impofed thereon) which (hall be brewed in Great Britain by the common brewer or any other perfon or per fons whp (hall fell or tap out fuch beer or ale pubiickly or privately;

\0 be paid by fuch common brewer or by fuch ocher pcrUm or per-

L 4

Digitized by Google

d.

0 o 3s

007

o So

Beer, continued.

fons refpeftively, and To in proportion for any greater or leffer quantity, one (hilling and four-pence.	—	—

For every barrel of beer or ale above fix (hillings the barrel (exclufive of the duty hereby impofed thereon) and not exceeding eleven {hillings, exclufive of fuch duty, commonly called Table Beer, which ihall be brewed and made in that part of Great Britain called England by the common brewer, under, fubjeft, and according to the rules, regulations, r^ftrittions, and provifions contained and provided in and by the fa id aft, made in. the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his prefen: Majeltv, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer quantity ; to be paid by fuch common brewer, three {hillings. For every barrel of two-penny ale mentioned and described in the ieventh article of the treaty of union; to be paid by the common brewer or viftualler, three (hillings and four-pence farthing ana thirteen nineteenth parts of a farthing.	—	—	—

For every barrel of French beer, ale, or mum, which {hall be imported into Great Britain direftiy from any of the European dominions of the French king, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer quantity; to be paid by the importer thereof before the landing thereof, eight (hillings.	—	—	—	—

For every barrel of beer, ale, or mum, (other than French beer, ale, or mum imported as aforefaid) which (hall be imported from beyond the feas into Great Britain, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer quantity; to bt paid by the importer thereof before the landing thereof, feventeen (hillings and three-pence.	—

BRICKS AND TILES.

For every thoufand of bricks which Ihall be made in Great Britain, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer quantity, two (hillings and fixpencc.	—	—	—	,	—

For every thoufand of plain tiles which (hall be made in Great Britain, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer quantity, three (hil-

For every thoufand of pan tiles, or ridge tiles, which (hall be made in Great Britain, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer quantity, eight (hillings.	—	—	—	—

Per eveiy hundred of paving tiles which (hall be made in Great Britain not exceeding ten inches fquare, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer quantity, one (hilling and fixpence.	—	—

For every hundred of paving tiles which (hail be made in Great Britain exceeding ten inches (quare, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer quantity, three (hillings.	—	—	—

For every thoufand of tiles which (hall be made in Great Britain other than fuch as are herein-before enumerated or deferibed, by whatfo-cver name or names fuch tiles are or may be called or known, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer quantity, three (hillings.

The faid duties upon bricks and tiles refpeftively to be paid by the maker thereof.

CANDLES.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of candles of tallow and other candles whatfoever, (except wax and fpermaceti candles) which (hall be made in Great Britain, and fo in pronortion for any greater Or

.. ^	entity,one penny h‘'i'i'en^-tlzedbyGoTTgle	~

[1787. *. r. L

o 1 {

030 ° 3 4ir\

o 8 0

o 17 3

o a 6 030 080 016 030

030

Q 0 ij

Candles, continued.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of candles which (hall be made in Great Britain of wax or of lpermaceti, or which are ufuall)r called or fold either for wax or fpermaceti candles (notwithftanding the snixtnre of any other ingredients therewith), and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer quantity, three pence halfpenny. —

The laid duties upon candles to be paid by the maker thereof.

COACHES.

For every coach, beriin. landau, chariot, calaih with four wheels, chaifo marine, chaife with four wheels, or caravan, or by whatfo-ever name fach carriages are or may be called, which ihall be built or conftrufied in Great Britain for fale; to be paid by the maker thereof, one pound.	—	—	—	*	—

For every calaih, chaife, and chair, with two wheels, or by whatfo-ever name foch carriages are or may be called or known, which ihall be built or conftrufied in Great Britain for fale; to be paid by the maker thereof, ten ihillings. —	—	—

COCOA NUTS AND COFFEE.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of cocoa nuts, of the growth or produce of any Britiih colony or plantation in America, imported into Great Britain, and which ihall be delivered out of the warehoufe in which the fame ihall have been lodged under the care and cuftody of the proper officers for fecuring the duties payable • thereon for home confumption, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer quantity, fixpence halfpenny.	—	—	—

For every pound weight avoirdupois of cocoa nuts, of the growth or produce of any other place, imported into Great Britain, and which ihall be delivered out of the warehoufe in which the fame ihall have been lodged under the care and cuftody of the proper officers for fecuring the duties payable thereon for home confumption, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer quantity, one ihilling and eight-pence.	—	—	—	—

for every pound weight avoirdupois of coffee, of the growth or produce of any Britiih colony or plantation in America, imported into Great Britain, and which (hall be delivered out of the warehoufe in which the fame ihall have been lodged under the care and cuftody of the proper officer for fecuring the duties payable thereon for home confumption, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer quantity, fixpence halfpenny. —	—	—	—

For every pound weight avoirdupois of coffee, of the growth or produce of any other place, imported into Great Britain, and which Ihall be delivered put of the warehoufe in which the fame ihall have been lodged under the care and cuftody of the proper officers for fecuring the duties payable thereon for home confumption, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer quantity, one ihilling and eight-pence.	—	— .	—	—

CYDER AND PERRY.

For every hogihead of cyder or perry which (hall be made and fold by retail in Great Britain; to be paid by the retailer thereof, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer quantity, fourteen ihillings and ievcn-pcnce.	—	—	—	—

y	Google

003*

1 o d

o 10 o

o 6i

018

o o 61-

018

o 14 7

SCHEDULE. F.

Cyder and Perry, continued.

For every hoglhead of cyder or perry which (hall be made and fold in Great Britain in quantities of twenty gallons or upwards, by any dealer in or retailer of cyder or perry from fruit of the growth of * fuch dealer or retailer; to be paid by fuch dealer or retai!er? and fo in proportion^ for any greater or lefler quantity, fix (hillings and eleven-pence.	—	—	—	—

For every hogfhead of fuch laft-mentioned cyder or perry, which (hall -be received into the cuftody or pofleflion of any perfon or perfons to be by fuch perfon or nerfons fold or difpofed of 5 to be paid by fuch perfon or perfons, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity, feven (hillings and eight-pence.	—	—

F^r every hoglhead of cyder or perry which (hall be made ibi Great Britain, and which (hall be fent or confietied to any faftor or agent who (hall receive the fame to fell or diipofe of; to be paid by fuch factor or agent, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity, nineteen lhillings and two-pcnce.	—	—

I^or every ton of cyder or perry which (hall be imported from beyond the fcas into Great Britain, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity; to be paid by the importer thereof before the landing thereof, feventeen pounds fixteen (hillings and fixpencc.

LC-

o

o

o

*7

/. 4

61

7 i

tg x

16 (

GLASS.

For every hundred weight of materials or metal or other preparations whatfoever, by what name foever the fame are or may be called or known, that (hall be made ufe of in Great Britain in the making of plate or flint glafs, or enamel, (lained or pafte glafs, or phial glafs, „ and fo in proportion for any greater or lefTcr quantity, one pound one (hilling and five-pence halfpenny.	—	—	—

For every hundred weight of miaterials or metal or other preparations whatfoever, by what name foever the* fame are or may be called or known, that (hall be made ufe of in Great Britain in the making of fpcead window elafs, commonly called or known by the name of Broad Glafs, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity, eight (hillings and one halfpenny. —	—	—

For every hundred weight of materials or metal or other preparations whatfoever, by what name foever the fame are or may oe called or known, that lhall be made ufe of in Great Britain in the making of all other window glafs (net being fpread glafs) whether flalhed or otherwife manufadlured, and commonly called or known either by the name of Crown Glafs, or of German Sheet Glafs, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity, fixteen (hillings and one penny farthing.	—	—	—	—

For every hundred weight of materials or metal or other preparations whatfoever, by what name foever the fame are or may be called or known, that (hall be jnade ufe of in Great Britain in the making of common bottles (the fame not being phials) and of veflfels made ufe of in chemical laboratories, and of garden glades, and of all other veflels or utenfils made of common bottle metal, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity, four (hillings and one farthing.

The (aid feveral rates and duties upon the materials or metal or other preparations for making glafs to be paid by the maker or xnakeis therepf refpeftively.

* « 5

080

o 16 1

O 4 Q

HIDES AND SKINS.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of hides of what kind foever, and of calve ikins, kips, hogs (kins, dogs (kins, and feal (kins, which (hall bt tamed in Great Britain, and of (heep (kins and lamb (kins, which (hall be tanned in Great Britain for gloves and bazils, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity, one penny halfpenny.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of goats (kins which (hall be tanned with (bomack, or otherwife, in Great Britain, to referable Spanifh r father, and (o in proportion for any greater or letter quantity, four pence.	—	—	—

For every pound weight avoirdupois of (heep (kins which (hall be*tan-ned for roans (being after the nature of Spanilh leather) in Great Britain, and fo in proportion for any greater or letter quantity, two pence	—	—	—

For every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of all other (kins, and parts and pieces of hides and (kins, which (hall be tanned in Great Britain, not herein-before particularly charged, and fo in proportion for greater or letter numbers or quantities, thirty pounds The (aid feveral rates and duties for and upon all fuch hides and (kins, and parts and pieces of hides and (kins, which (hall be fo tanned in Great Britain, to be paid by the tanners thereof re-fpedively.

For ill hides of horfes, mares, and geldings, which (hall be drefled in allum and fait or meal, or otherwiie tawed in Great Britain, for every fuch hide, and fo in proportion for a greater or letter quantity or num her of fuch hides, one (hilling and fixpence.	—

For and upon all hides of deers, cows, or any other hides of what kind ioever (thofe of horfes, mares, and geldings excepted) which (hall be fo drefled in allum and fait or meal, or otherwife tawed in Great Britain, for every fuch hide, and fo in proportion for any greater or letter apmber or quantity, three (hillings*	—	—

For every pound weight avoirdupois of all calve (kins, kips, and feal (kins, which (hall bp fo dretted in allum and fait or meal, or other-wife tawed in Great Britain, and fo in proportion for any greater or ; fetter quantity, one penny halfpenny.	—	—

For every dozen of dink calve (kins which (hall be fo dretted in allum and fait or meal, or otherwife tawed in Great Britain with the hair on, and fp in proportion for any greater or lefler number or quantity three (hillings,	—	—	r	—

For every dozen of flink calve (kins which (hall be fo drefled or tawed without hair, and every dozen of dogs (kins which (hall be tawed as aforefeid in Great Britain, and for every dozen of kid (kins which -(hall be tawed in Great Britain (except luch kid (kins a* paid the full doty on the importation thereof), and fo in proportion for any greater or fetter number or quantity, one (hilling.	—

‘ for every pound weight avoirdupois of buck and doe (kins (except fuch as paid the full duty on the importation thereof) which (hall be dretted in allum and fait or meal, or be otherwife tawed as aforefaid in Great Britain, and fo in proportion for any greater or letter quan~ tity, fix pence.	—	—

For every dozen of goat (kins, and of beaver (kins, Which (ball be fo * ’ drefled in allum and fait or meal, or be otherwife tawed ii> Great Bri tain, and fo in proportion for any greater or letter number or quar. tity, two (hillings.	—	Digitized by LjOQgI

OO4

OO g

30 O O

O O I

o i 6

030

00	1

O 3

O L

0 0 6

Hides and Skins, continued.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of ftieep (kins and lamb fkinsJ which (hall be dreffed in allum and fak or meal, or otherwife tawed in Great Britain, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer quantity, one penny farthing.	—

For every one hundred pounds of the true fcnd real value of all othei Heins, and parts and pieces of hides and (kins, which (hall be tawedl in Great Britain, (not herein-before particularly charged), and fo in proportion for greater or leffer numbers cor .quantities, thirty pounds.	—	—	.	—

The faid feveral rates and duties for and upon all hides and (kins, and parts and pieces of hides and (kins, which (hall be drefled in alium and fait or meal, or otherwife tawed in Great Bri-| tain, to be paid by fuch perfons who (hall be the tawers oj makers thereof into leather refpe&ively.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of all hides and (kins, and of al deer (kins, goat (kins, and beaver (kins, which (hall be drefled in oil! in Great Britain, and fo in, proportion for any greater or leffer quantity, fixpence.	—	—	—

For every pound weight avoirdupois of calve (kins which (hall be f< dreffed in oil in Great Britain, and fo in proportion for any greate; or lefTer quantity, eight-pence.	—	—

For every pound weight avoirdupois of fheep (kins which (hall be fol dreffed in oil in Great Britain, and for every pound weight avoirdupois of lamb (kins which (hall be fo drefTed in oil in Great Britain, and- fo in proportion for any greater or lefTer quantity of fuch (heep (kins and lamb (kins refpedtively, three-pence.	*	—

For every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of all othei (kins, and parts or pieces of (kins, which (hall be fo drefled in oil in| Great Britain, not heFein-before particularly charged, and fo in proportion for greater or leffer numbers or quantities, fifteen! pounds.	—	—	—

For every pound weight avoirdupois of fuch lad-mentioned hides and! (kins, and parts and pieces of hides and (kins, which (hall be fodreffedj in oil in Great Britain, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffc quantity, two-pence.	—	—

The faid feveml duties for and upon all hides and (kins, and parts' and pieces of hides and (kins, which (hall he fo dreffed in oil in Great Britain, 10 be paid by the oil leather dreffers thereof re-fpeflively.

For every down of vellum which (hall be made in Great Britain, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefTer quantity, to be paid by the| maker thereof, three (hillings and five-pence halfpenny. — j o For every dozen of parchment which (hall be made in Great Britain, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer quantity, to be paid by! the maker thereof, one (lulling and eight-pence three farthings.

50

* s





O O

*5

HOPS.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of hops growing or to grow ini Great Britain, which (hall be cured and made fit for ufe, and fo ini proportion for a greater or leffer quantity, to be paid by the refpcc-l tive owners or poffeffors thereof, one penny and twelve twentieth! parts of a farthing.	—	—.	—

-1

o o r-f

Digitized by

Google

MALT.

For every buihel of malt which (hall be made of barley or any other corn or grain within that part of Great Britain called England, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity; to be paid by the maker thereof, nine-pence three farthings.	—	.	—

For every buihel of malt which (hall be made of barley or any other com or grain within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and io in proportion for any greater or leflfer quantity; to be paid by the maker thereof, four-pence three farthings and ten twentieth parts of a farthing.	—	—	■*-	—

For every buihel of malt which (hall be brought from Scotland into that part of Great Britain called England, accompanied with a cer dficate from the proper officer that it hath paid the duty of four-pence three farthings and ten twentieth parts of a farthing hereby impofed for every buihel thereof, and entered with the proper officer and in foch manner as in and by an aft made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second is mentioned, di-refted and appointed with refpeft to malt brought from Scotland into England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, between the twenty-third day of June one thoufand (even hundred and fixty and the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and (ixty. one; to be paid down in ready money to fuch officers refpeftively, in manner as the duties are directed to be paid by the faid Jafl-mentioned aft of parliament, four-pence three farthings and ten twentieth parts of a farthing.	—	—	—

For and upon every buihel of malt which lhall be brought from Scotland into that pan of Great Britain called England without fuch certificate as aforefaid; to be paid in manner as the duties by the faid laft-mentioned aft are payable with refpeft to malt brought from Scotland into England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, nine-pence three farthings.	—	—	—

ME TH EG LI N, OR MEAD.

For every gallon of metheglin or mead which lhall be made in Great Britain for fale, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity; to be paid by the maker thereof, qne Bulling and one halfpenny.	—	—	—	—

paper.

FIRST TABLE.

For every ream of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called imperial, of the value of two pounds eleven (hillings per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimenlions of twenty-two inches by thirty inches and a quarter, thirteen (hillings and nine-pence halfpenny.	-	—	-	—	—

For every ream of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called fuper royal, of the value of one pound eighteen (hillings per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimenfions of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty-feven inches and an half, ten (hillings and four-pence farthing.	—	—	—

For every ream of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called royal, of the value of one pound nine (hillings per ream and upwards

Digitized by

Google

*57

,. *• d*

j o

' 0 4li|

’ ° 4HS 0 o 9| O I Os

o 13 si o 10

Paper, Firft Table, continued.

and not exceeding the dimenfions of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty-four inches, feven (hillings and nine-pence farthing.

For every ream of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called medium, of the value of one pound two (hillings and (ixpence per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimenfions of feventeen inches and an half by twenty-two inches and an half, fix (hillings and four-pence.	—	—	—	—

For every ream of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called demy, of the value of fixteen (hillings per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimenfions of fifteen inches and an half by twenty . inches, four (hillings and three-pence three farthings	—

For every ream of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called thick poll, of the value of thirteen (hillings per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimenfions of fifteen inches and a quarter by nineteen inches and an half, three (hillings and five-pence halfpenny. For every ream of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called thin poll, of the value of ten (hillings per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimenfions of fifteen inches and a quarter by nineteen inches and an half, two (hillings and eight-pence farthing.

For every ream of paper which mall be made in Great Britain, called final] poll, of the value of feven (hillings and (ixpence per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimenfions of thiiteen inches and an half by fixteen inches and an half, two (hillings and one farthing. For every ream of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called fools cap, of the value of ten (hillings per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimenfions of thirteen inches and an half by fix* teen inches and three quarters, two (hillings and three-pence halfpenny.	—	—	—	—

For every ream	of paper which	(hall	be mnde in Great	Britain,	called

pott, of the value of fix (hillings and nine-pence per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimenfions of twelve inches and an half by fifteen inches and an half, one (hilling and (ixpence halfpenny. For every ream of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called large thick pod, of the value of fifteen (hillings per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimenfions of fixteen inches and an half by twenty-one inches, three (hillings and ten-pence.	—

For every ream of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called large thin poft, of the value of twelve (hillings per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimenfions of fixteen inches and an half by twenty-one inches, three (hillings and three farthings.

° 7

SECOND T A/fi L E.

For every ream of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called double atlas, of the value of fifteen pounds and not exceeding the value of twenty-one pounds per ream, and not exceeding the dimenfions of fifty five inches by thirty-one inches and an half, two pounds fix (hillings.	—	—	^ —	—

For every ream of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called demy, of the value of twelve (hillings and under the value of fixteen (hillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimenfions of fifteen inches and an half by twenty inches, two (hillings and eight-pence

farthing.

0 6

o 4

o 3

0 a

o 1

o 1

0 3 id

o 3

260



Digitized by

Google

Paper, Second Table, continued.

For every ream of paper which /hall be made in Great Britain, called copy, of the value of feyen (hillings and fixpence and not exceeding the value of eleven /hillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimen £ons of fixteen inches by twenty inches and a quarter, one /hilling and fixpence halfpenny.	—	—	—

For every ream of paper which /hall be made in Great Britain, called /bols cap, of the value of fix /hillings and under the value of ten /hil-liags per ream, and not exceeding the dimenfions of thirteen inches and an half by fixteen inches and three quarters, one /hilling and three-pence.	— .	—	—	—

For every ream of paper which /hall be made in Great Britain, called littris fools cap, of the value of fix (hillings and not exceeding the value of ten (hillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimenfions of thirteen inches and an half by feventeen inches and an half, one (hilling and three pence.	—	—	—

For every ream of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called pott, of the value of four (hilling* and under the value of fix (hillings and nine-pence per ream, and not exceeding the dimenfions of twelve inches and an half by fifteen inches and an half, eleven-pence halfpenny.	—	—	—	'—

For every ream of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called grand eagle or double elephant, of the value of four pounds and not exceeding the value of five pounds and five (hillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimenfions of twenty-fix inches and three quarters by forty inches, feventeen (hillings and three-pence. —

For every ream of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called coiombier, of the value of two pounds and ten (hillings and not exceeding the value of three pounds and ten (hillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimenfious of twenty-three inches and an half by thirty-four inches and an half, twelve (hillings and one penny.

For every ream of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called atlas, of the value of three pounds and not exceeding the value of fotr pounds and five (hillings per ream, and not exceeding the di-menfions of twenty-fix inches and a quarter by thirty-four inches, feventeen (hillings and three-pence.	—	—

For every ream of atlas inferior paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, of the value of two pounds and under the value of three pounds per ream, and not exceeding the dimenfions of twenty-fix inches and a quarter by thirty-four inches, ten (hillings and four-pence farthing.	—	^	—	—	—

Fqr every ream of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called fmall atlas, of the value of one poand and ten (hillings and not exceeding the value of two pounds and ten (hillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimenfions of twenty-five inches by thirty-one inches, eight /hillings and feven-pence halfpenny.	—	—

For every ream of paper which /hall be made in Great Britain, called imperial, of thr value of one pound and ten /hillings and under the value of two pounds and eleven /hillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimenfions of twenty-two inches by thirty inches and a quarter,

* feren /hillings and five-pence three farthings.	—	'

^or every ream of paper which /hall be made in Great Britain, called fuper royal, of the value of one pound and five /hillings and under

o 1	6*

O I J

o i 3

o o III

o 17 3

o 12	1

O 17 3

o 10 4$

o 8 7}

0 7 si

Paper, Second Table, continued,

the value of one pound and eighteen (hillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimenfions of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty feven inches and an half, five (hillings and nine-pence* —

For every ream of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called long royal, of the value of one pound and not exceeding the value of one pound and ten (hillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimen-lions of twenty*feven inches and an half by eighteen inches, four (hillings and feven-pence farthing.	—	—

For every ream of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called royal, of the value of eighteen (hillings and under the value of one pound and nine (hillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimenfions of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty-four inches, four (hillings and one farthing. —	—	—	—

For every ream of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called demy, of the value of thirteen (hillings and not exceeding the value of one pound and one (hilling per ream, and not exceeding the di-men fions of feven teen inches and an half by twenty-two inches, two (hillings and eight-pence farthing.	—	•—

For everv ream o? paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called (hort demy or crowns of the value of nine (hiilings and not exceeding the value of fourteen (hillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimenfions of fourteen inches by twenty inches and a quarter, or of fifteen inches by twenty inches, one (hilling and eleven-pence.

For eveiy ream of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called large ran; of the value of fourteen (hillings and not exceeding the value of one pound and one (hilling per ream, and not exceeding the dimenfions of twenty-three inches and an half by twenty inches and an half, three (hillings and five-pence halfpenny.	—

For every ream of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called fmall fan, of the value of eleven (hillings and not exceeding the value of eighteen (hillings per ream, and not exceeding the di-menlions of twenty-two inches and a quarter by thirteen inches and a quarter, two (hillings and feven-pence. —	—

For every ream of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called elephant, of the value of fifteen (hillings and not exceeding the value of one pound and feven (hillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimenfions of twenty-three inches by twenty eight inches, three (hillings and five-pence halfpenny.	—	—	—

For every ream of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain for bank or bankers bills or notes, allowing two bills or notes in each (heet, and fo in proportion for a greater or lefs number of bills or notes in each (heet, three (hillings and five-pence halfpenny.	—

THIRD TABLE.

For every bundle of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called double demy, of the value of one pound and eighteen (hillings and not exceeding the value of three pounds per bundle, and not exceeding the dimenfions of twenty-fix inches by thirty-eight inches and an half, eight (hillings and four-pence.	—	—

For every bundle of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called royal, of the value of one pound and four (hillings and under the

o 5 g

o4 7i o 4 oj o s O I II

O 3 55 0*7

» 3 is 0 3 S*

8 f

\£.

P*per, Third Table, continued, value of one pound and fixteen fhillings per bundle, and not exceed ing the dimensions of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty-four inches, or of twenty inches by twenty-fix inches, five fhillings and four-pence halfpenny.	—	—	—

For every bundle of paper which Shall be made in Great Britain, called royal inferior, of the value of fourteen fhillings and tinder the value of one pound and four fhillings per bundle, and not exceeding the dimenfions of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty-four inches,' three fhillings and three farthings.	—-	—

For every bundle of paper which fhall be made in Great Britain, called medium, of the value of one pound and not exceeding the value of one pound and eight fhillings per bundle, and not exceeding the dimenfions of eighteen inches by twenty-three inches, four fhillings and two-pence halfpenny.	—	—	—

For every bundle of paper which fhall be made in Great Britain, called demy fingle, of the value of feventeen fhillings and under the value of one pound and fix fhillings per bundle, and not exceeding the di-mentions of feventeen inches and an half1 by twenty-two inches, or of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty-one inches and a quarter, three fhillings and ten-pence.	—	—	—

For every bundle of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called demy inferior, of the value of ten fhillings and under the value of feventeen fhillings per bundle, and not exceeding the dimenfions of feventeen inches and an half by twenty-two inches, two fhillings and three-pence halfpenny.	—	—	—

For every bundle of paper which fhall be made in Great Britain, called double crown, of the value of feventeen fhillings and not exceeding the value of one pound three (hillings and fixpence per bundle, and not exceeding the dimenfions of twenty inches by thirty inches, three fhillings and five-pence halfpenny.	—	—

For every bundle of paper which fhall be made in Great Britain, called double crown inferior, of the value of twelve fhillings and under the value of feventeen (hillings per bundle, and not exceeding the dimenfions of twenty inches by thirty inches, two fhillings and eight pence farthing.	—	—	—	—

For every bundle of paper which fhall be made in Great Britain, called fingle crown, cf the value of thirteen fhillings and not exceeding the value of one pound per bundle, and not exceeding the dimenfions of fifteen inches by twenty inches, three fhillings ana three farthings. For every bundle of paper which fhall be made in Great Britain, called fingle crown inferior, of the value of eight fhillings and under the value of thirteen fhillings per bundle, ana not exceeding the dinren fions of fifteen inches by twenty inches, one (hilling and eleven pence.	—	—	—	—

For every bundle of paper which fhall be made in Great Britain, called demy tiflue, of the value of eight fhillings and not exceeding the value of twelve fhillings per bundle, and not exceeding the dimen-fious of feventeen inches and an half by twemy-twd inches, one (hilling and eleven-pence.	—	—	—

For every bundle of paper which fhall be made in Great Britain, called crown tiflue, of the value of five fhillings and not exceeding the Vol. XXXVI.	M	'

161

r. dk

s 4i 3S of 4 4

3 id

2	3I i si

i H

3

1 It

t II

Digitized by v^ooQle

Paper, Third Table, continued.

value of nine (hillings per bundle, and not exceeding the dimen-fions of fifteen inches by twenty inches, one lhilling and three-pence. For every bundle of paper which (hall be made ip Great Britain, called double pott, of the value of nine (hillings and not exceeding the value of fixteen (hillings per bundle, and not exceeding the dimen-fions of feventcen inches by twenty-five inches and an half, two (hillings and three-pence halfpenny.	—	—

FOURTH T A B L B.

For every ream of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called cartridge, not exceeding the dimenfions of twenty-one inches by twenty-fix inches, two (hillings and eight-pence farthing. —

Fpr every ream of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called fquare cartridge, not exceeding the dimenfions of twenty-four inches and an half by twenty-five inches and an half, three (hillings and three farthings.	—	—	—	—

For every ream of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called fmall cartridge, not exceeding the dimenfions of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty-four inches, two (hillings and three-pence halfpenny.	—	—	—	—

For every ream of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called elephant common, not exceeding the dimenfions of twenty-three inches by twenty-eight inches, one (hilling and eleven-pence.

For every ream of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called fugar blue, not exceeding the dimenfions of twenty.one inches and an half by thirty-three inches, three (hillings and three farthings. For every ream of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called fugar blue fmaller fize, not exceeding the dimenfions of eighteen inches and three quarters by twenty-feven inches, two (hillings and ’ three-pence halfpenny.	—	—	—

For every ream of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called fugar blue demy fize, not exceeding the dimenfions of feventeen inches and an half by twenty-two inches, one (hilling and elevenpence.	—	—	—	—

For every ream of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called fugar blue crown fize, not exceeding the dimenfions of fifteen inches by twenty inches, one (hilling and elcvcn-pence.	—

For every ream of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called purple royal, not exceeding the dimenfions of nineteen inches and an half by twenty-four inches and a quarter, one (hilling and fix pence halfpenny.	—	—	—	—

For every ream of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called blue elephant, not exceeding the dimenfions of twenty-three inches by twenty-eight inches, two (hillings an4 three-pence halfpenny.

For every bundle of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called blue royal, not exceeding the dimenfions of nineteen inches and an half by twenty-four inches and a quarter, three (hillings and three farthings.	—	—	—	—

For every bundle of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called blue demy and bloffom, not exceeding the dimenfions of feventeen inches by'twenty* two inches,' two (hillings and one farthing.

[1787. /. i*

013 6 2

O « Ij

O 3 °i

'

o 2 ll O 1 II

o 3 oj-

!

O 2 3i

O I II O I II

o i 61

o 2 3i 0 3

o 2 oj



Digitized by LjOOQle

Paper, Fodrth Tabic, continued.

For every bundle of paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called blue crown fingle, not exceeding the dirnenfions of fifteen inches by iwenty inches, one (hilling and one penny three farthings. —

FIFTH TABLE.

For every feam of whited brown paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called royal hand thick, not exceeding the dirnenfions of twenty-four inches by nineteen inches and a quarter, orfe (hilling and four-pence.	—	—	——	—

For every bundle of whited brown paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called royal hand, not exceeding the dirnenfions of twenty four inches by nineteen inches and a quarter, one (hilling and fix pence halfpenny.	—	*	—	—

For every bundle of whited brown paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called lumber hand, not exceeding the dirnenfions of twenty-three inches by eighteen inches, one (hilling and fixpence halfpenny For every bundle of whited brown paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called double two pound, not exceeding the dirnenfions of twenty-four inches by fixteen inches, one (hilling and one penny three farthings.	—	—	—	—

For every bundle of whited brown paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called fingle two pound, not exceeding the dirnenfions of fixteen inches by eleven inches, five-pence three farthings. —

For every bundle of whited brown paper which (hall be made in Great Britaio, called middle hand double, not exceeding the dirnenfions of thirty-three inches by twenty-one inches, two killings and three pence halfpenny.	—	—	—

For every bundle of whited brown paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called middle hand, not exceeding the dirnenfions of twenty-two inches by fixteen inches, one (hilling and one penny three farthings.	—	—	—	—

For every bundle of whited brown paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called final 1 hand double, not exceeding the dirnenfions of thirty-two inches by twenty inches, one (hilling and fixpence halfpenny.	—	—	—	—

For every bundle of whited brown paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called fmall hand, not exceeding the dirnenfions of nineteen inches and three quarters by fixteen inches, nine-pence farthing.

For every bundle of whited brown paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called couples pound and half pound, not exceeding the dirnenfions of twelve inches by ten inches, and of nine inches by teven inches and an half, five-pence three farthings.	—

For every ream of brown paper which (hall be made in'Great Britain, called imperial cap, not exceeding the dirnenfions of twenty-nine inches by twenty-two inches, one (hilling and fixpence halfpenny.

For every ream of brown paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called haven cap, not exceeding the dirnenfions of twenty-four inches by twenty inches, one (hiliing and one penny three farthings.

ForeveTy ream of brown paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called bag cap, not exceeding the dirnenfions of twenty-three inches and an half by nineteen inches, eleven-pence halfpenny. —

M 2

*63

a

> 1

» 1 4

1 6J « 6i

0	si

*. n

*	11

1

o 9l

0	si

1	Ci

*

o u4

i 1	»;

< t

Paper, Fifth Table, continued.

For every ream of brown paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called Kentifh cap, not exceeding the dimenfions of twenty-one inches by eighteen inches, nine-pence farthing.	—

For every ream of brown paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, called four pounds, not exceeding the dimenfions of twenty inches by fixteen inches, nine-pence farthing.	—	—

For every ream of brown paper which fhall be made in Great Britain, called fmall cap, not exceeding the dimenfions of twenty inches by fifteen inches, five-pence three farthings.	—	—

For every ream of brown paper which fhall be made in Great Britain, called double four pounds, not exceeding the dimenfions of thirty-three inches by twenty inches, one fhilling and fixpence half-

For every bundle of brown paper which fhall be made in Great Britain, called fingle two pounds, not exceeding the dimenfions of fixteen inches by eleven inches, nine-pence farthing. —	—

For every bundle of brown paper which fhall be made in Great Britain, called couples pound and half pound, not exceeding the dimenfions of twelve inches by ten inches and of nine inches by feven inches and an half, five-pence three farthings.	—	—

For every hundred weight of pafteboardT millboard, fealeboard, and glazed paper, which (hall be made in Great Britain, fix (hillings and ten-pence three farthings. —	—

And after thofe rates for any greater or lefs quantity of fuch papers, pafteboardi, millboards, fcalcboards, and glazed paper, refpe&ivcly.

The faid feveral rates and duties upon the faid feveral forts of paper, pafteboard, millboard, fealeboard, and glazed paper, to be paid by the makers thereof refpediively.

For every fori or kind of paper not herein-before enumerated and de-feribed which fhall be made in Great Britain, a duty after the rate of twenty pounds and fourteen (hillings for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of the fame including the duties nereby charged thereon.

The faid duties for fuch forts or kinds of paper refpe&ively to be paid by the makers thereof refpedlively.

PRINTED GOODS.

For every yard fquare of paper which fhall he printed, painted, or ftained in Great Britain, to ferve for hangings or other ufes (over and above the duties payable for fuch paper before the printing, painting, or ftaining thereof) and fo in proportion for any greater quantity; to be paid by the printer, painter, or flainer thereof, one penny three farthings.	—	—	—

For every yard in length, reckoning \yard-wide, of foreign callicoe, and of foreign rnufiin, which fhall be printed, ftained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain (except fuch as fhall be dyed throughout of Qne colour only) and fo in proportion for any greater or letter quantity feven-pence.	—	—	^	—	—

For every yard in length, reckoning yard-wide, of all linens and of all fluffs made either of cotton or linen mixed with other materials, futtians, velvets* velverets, dimities, and other figured (tuffs made

i

o o

o 0

o 0

i

O 1

i

o 0

4

o 0

i



20 I4

o 0 l:

007

Digitized by GjOOQle

]£•

Printed Goods, continued, of cotton and other materials mixed or wholly made of cotton wool, wore in Great Britain, which (hall be printed, ftained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain (except fuch as (hall be dyed throughout of one colour only, and duffs made of woollen or whereof the greateft part in ralue (hall be woollen) and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer quantity, three-pence halfpenny.	—	—

For every yard in length, reckoning yard-wide, of (luffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, commonly called Britifh ms-nofadory, and of Britifh muffins, which (hall be printed, ftained,

#	painted, or dyed, in Great Britain (except fuch as (hall be dyed

#	throughout of one colour only) and fo in proportion for any greater

or leffer quantity, three-pence halfpenny.	—	—■

For every yard in length, reckoning half yard wide, of all filks which (hall be printed, ftained, or painted in Great Britain ((ilk handkerchiefs excepted) over and above the dnties payable upon the importation of them or any of them, and fo in proportion for any greater or kfler quantity, one (hilling and one penny three farthings.

For every yard fquare of (ilk handkerchiefs, which (hail be printed, ftained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, and fo in proportion for wider or narrower (ilk handkerchiefs, over and above the duties payable upon the importation of them or any of them, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer quantity, four-pence halfpenny.

The faid duties on printed, ftained, painted, or dyed goods, which (hall be printed, ftained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, to be paid by the printer, ftainer, painter, or dyer thereof.

For every yard in length, reckoning yard-wide, of French printed, ftained, painted, or dved callicocs and muffins (except fuch as (hall he dyed throughout of one coldur only) which (hall be imported into Great Britain direftly from any of the European dominions of' the French king, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer quantity; to be paid by the importer thereof before the landing thereof, feven-pence.	—	—	—	—

For every yard in length, reckoning yard-wide, of all French printed, ftained, painted, or dyed linens and duffs made either of cotton or linen mixed with other materials, fuftians, velvets, velverets, dimities, and other figured duffs made of cotton and other materials mixed or wholly made of cotton-wool (except fuch as (hall be dyed throughout of one colour only) which (hall be imported into Great Britain dire&ly from any of the European dominions of the French king, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer quantity; to be paid by the importer thereof before the landing thereof, three-pence halfpenny.	—	—	—	^	—

o

o

SOAP.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of hard cake foap, or ball foap, which (hall be made in Great Britain, and fo in proportion for a greater or leffer quantity; to be paid by the maker thereof, twopence fiarthing.	—	—	—	—

For every pound weight avoirdupois of foft foap which (hall be made in Great Britain, and fo in proportion for a greater or leffer quantity ; to be paid by the maker thereof, one penny three fafthings.

M 3

Digitized by

Google

I

i6S /• d.

o 3l

0 ii *

® 4* o 7 o ji

o 2*

o 1



SCHEDULE F<

£. a

SPIRITS.

For every gallon of fermented wort or wafh which fitall be brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England on or before the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, for extracting fpirits for home confumption from any malt, edrn, grain, or tiles, or any mixture with the fame; to be paid by the makers or diihilers thereof, fixpence.	—	—	—

For every gallon of cyaer or perry, or any other wafh or liquor, which (hall be brewed or made as aforefaid from any fort or kind of Britifh materials (except fuch as are before mentioned) or from any mixture therewith, for extracting fpirits for home confumption ; to be paid by the makers or dilliilers thereof, five-pence.	—

For every gallon of fermented wort or walh which fhall be brewed or made as aforefaid from molafles or fugar, or any mixture therewith, lor extracting fpirits for home confumption; to be paid by the makers or diltijlers thereof, eight-pefice three farthings.	—

For every gallon of walh which fhall be brewed or made as aforefaid from foreign refofed wine or foreign cyder, or wafti prepared from foreign materials (except molafles and fugar) or any mixture therewith, for extracting fpirits for home confumption; po be paid by the makers or dilliilers thereof, one fhilling.	—	—

For every feventy-two gal ion's of walh, which George Bifhop of Maid-ftone fhall produce oil bt before the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eigiky-eight, from a weight of malt, or other com, including the bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve pounds avoirdupois; to be paid by the Uid George Bi-fhop, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity of fuch walh, eighteen (hillings.	—	—	—	•

For every gallon of walh from which twenty-four gailbns (hall be takexr. and diltilled by the officer of excife, according to the directions and! under the authority of an aCl, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, among other things, to difeontinue for a limited time the payment of duties on low wines and fpirits for home confumption, and for granting and fetiiring the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof, and luch twenty-four gallons of walh fo diltilled fhall be found to produce more than two gallons and three-fourth parts of a gallon of fpirits, at the ftrength of one in feven under hydrometer proof; to be paid by the faid George Bilhop, one (hilling.	—	—	—	—	I	o	I	0

For every gallon of Britilh fpirits of a ftrength not exceeding that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, which (hall be manufactured in Scotland and brought from thence into any other part of the united kingdom on or before the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight; to be paid by the importer thereof, two (hillings.	—	—	—	—	—

And for every gallon of alf fuch fpirits as laft aforefaid of a greater ftrength than one to ten over hydrometer proof, and not exceeding three per centum over and above one to ten over hydrometer proo£ two (hillings.	—	—	—	—

And alfo a farther duty proportioned to the degree of ftrength in which fuch fpirits (hall exceed the faid ftrength of one to ten over hydrometer proof; to be paid by the importer thereof, or the perfon bring ing the fame.

o o

k O O j

O O

O I 0

a i& P

O 2 Q

O 2 p

Digitized by Google

167

C- *

Spirits, continued.

For every gaHoa of fiogle brandy which fliall be imported into Great Britain; to be paid by the importer before the landing thereof, four fhilUiigs and three-pence.	—	—	—

For every gallon Of brandy above proof which £hall be imported into Great Britain; to be,paid by the importer before the landing thereof, eight (hillings and one penny.	—	—	—

For every gallon of rum, fpirits* or aqua vitae, of the produce of the Britith colonies or plantations, which (hall be imported from heyond the feas into Great Britain; to be paid by the importer before the .landing thereof, three (hillings and feven-pence.	—

For every gallon of rum, fpirits, or aqua vitae above proof, of the produce of the Britilh colonies or plantations, which (hall be imported from beyond the feas into Great Britain ; to be paid by the importer before the landing thereof, fix (hillings and eight-pence.	—

For every gallon of lingle fpirits, or aqua vitae (other than fuch brandy, ram, fpirits, or aqua vitae as aforefaid) which (hall be imported from beyond the feas into Great Britain; to be paid by the importer before the landing thereof, four (hillings and three pence. —

For every gallon of fpiHts, or aqua vitae (other than fuch brandy, rum, fpirits, or aqua vitae as aforefaid) above proof, which (hall be im-ported from beyond the feas into Great Britain; to be paid by the importer before the landing thereof, eight (hillings and one penny.

0 4 J o 81

0 3 7 o 6 &

0 4 3 081

STARCH.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of ftarch of what kind (oever which (hall be made in Great Britain, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefier quantity ;	to be	paid	by	the maker	thereof,	threepence farthing.	—	—	—	—	o	o

SWEETS.

For every barrel of liquor which (hall be made in Great Britain for fide, by infufion, fermentation, or otherwife, from fruit or fugar or from fruit or fugar mixt with any other ingredients or materials what-foever, commonly called fweets or called or diftinguifhed by tie name of made wines, and fo in proportion for a greater or lefier quantity; to be paid by the maker thereof, eighteen (hillings and four-pence three farthings.	—	—	—	o	18	4|

TEA.

For and upon all tea which (hall be fold in Great Britain by the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, feven pounds ten (hillings per centum, to be computed upon the grofs prices at which fuen tea (hall be fold; to be paid by the purchaier or porchafers of fuch tea to the faid united company, and to be paid by the faid united company to the commiffioners of cxcife for the time being.	—	—	—	—

o

VERJUICE.

For every hogfhead of verjuice which (hall be made in Great Britain for file; to be paid by the maker thereof, and fo in proportion for ft greater or lefier quantity, feven (hillings and eight-pence.	o

M4

7

8

Digitized by L.00Q le

SCHEDULE F.

£•

VINE

GAR.

for every barrel of vinegar, vinegar beer, or liquors preparing for vinegar, which {hall be brewed or made in Great Britain for fide; to be paid by the maker thereof, and fo in proportion for a greater or leffer quantity, ten {hillings and three farthings.	—

WINE.

for every ton of French, Rheniih, German, or Hungary wine, which fhall be imported into Great Britain, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity; to be paid by the importer thereof before the landing thcreoF, feventeen pounds feventeen {hillings. —

For every ton of all other wines which {hall be imported into Great Britain, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer quantity; to be paid by the importer thereof before the landing thereof, eleven pounds eignteen {hillings.	—	—

WIRE.

Fpr every ounce troy of gilt wire which lhall be made in Great Britain, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer quantity; to be paid by the maker thereof, nine-pence farthing.	—	—

For every ounce troy of fiver wire which lhall be made in Great Britain, and fo in proportion for any greater or le/Ter quantity ; to be paid by the maker thereof, feven-pence.	—	—

O 10

1717

II 18

o 0

o 0

Digitized by LiOOQle

169

SCHEDULE F.

ALLOWANCES.

BREWERS.

£• ** ^

UPON every barrel of beer or ale above fix (hillings the barrel (ex-dufiveof the duty hereby impofed on fuch beer or ale, and not being beer or ale commonly called table beer, which (hall be brewed and made as aforefaid) which (hall be brewed by the common brewer or by any other perfon or perfons who doth or (hall fell or tap out beer or ale, publickly or privately, within the cities of London and Weftminfter or within the limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and returned by the gauger, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer qoantity, one (hilling and four-pence.	—

Upon every barrel of beer or ale above fix (hillings the barrel (exclufive of the doty hereby impofed on fuch beer or ale, not being two-penny ale mendooed and deferibed in the feventh article of the treaty of onion, or fuch table beer) which (hall be brewed by the common brewer or by any other perfon or perfons who doth or (hall fell or tap oat beer or ale, publickly or privately, in that part of Great Britain called England not within the faid cities of London and Weft-minfler nor witbia the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and returned by the gauger, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefier quantity, one {hilling and eight-pence.	.	—

Upon every barrel of beer or ale of fix (hillings the barrel or under (exclufive of the duty hereby impofed on fuch beer or ale) which (ball be brewed in that part of Great Britain called England by the common brewer or by any other perfon or perfons who doth or (hall fell or tap out beer or ale, publickly or privately, in that part of Great Britain called England, and returned by the gauger, and (o in proportion for any greater or lefier quantity, four-pence. —

Upon every barrel of beer or ale above fix (hillings the barrel (exclufive of the duty hereby impofed thereon) which (hall be brewed by the common brewer or by any other perfon or perfons who doth or (hall fell or up out beer or ale, publickly or privately, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and returned by the ganger, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer quantity, tempence. —

Upon every barrel of fix (hillings beer or ale or under which (hall be brewed by the common brewer or any other perfon or perfons who doth or (ball fell or tap out beer or ale, publickly or privately, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and returned by the gauger, and io in proportion for any greater or lefier quantity, three-pence. Upon every barrel of two-penny ale mentioned and deferibed in the feventh article of treaty ot union which (hall be brewed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and returned by the gauger, and fo in proportion fo? any greater or lefier quantity, fix pence. —

o

o

o

o

o

o

* 4

1 8

0 4

o 10

° 3 o 6

Digitized by Google

MALT.

For every quarter of malt which ihail be made and locked up for exportation, and exported according to the directions of an ad, made in the twelfth year of thfe reign o? ting George theFirlt concerning malt made for exportation, three-pence.	—	—

PAPER.

For any quantities of paper which (hall be ufed in the printing any] books m the Latin, Greek, Oriental, or Northern languages, within the two univerfities of Oxford and Cambridge or either of them, by permiflion of tiie vice-chancellors of the fame refpe&ively, the duties of excife by this ad impofed thereon.

For any quantities of paper which (hall be ufed in the printing any books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental, or Northern languages, within the univerfities of Scotland or any of them, by permiflion of the principals of the fame refpediveiy, the duties of excife by this ad •impofed thereon.

SOAP.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of hard cake foap, or ball foap, which (hall be employed, (pent, or confumcd in Great Britain, in the making any cloths, (erges, kerfoys, bays, (lockings, or other manufactures of (heep or Jambs wool only, or manufactures whereof the

treated part of the value of the materials (hall be wool, or in the nifhing the faid manufactures or preparing the wool for the &»e, one penny halfpenny.	—-	—

For every pound weight avoirdupois-of foft foap, which (hall be employed, fpent, or confumed’ in Great Britain, in the making any cloths, ferges, kerfeys, bays, (lockings, or other manufadures of (heep or lambs wool only, or manufadures whereof the greateft part of the value of the materials (hall be wool, or in the finifiung the faid manufadures or preparing the wool for the feme, one penny and one twelftn part of a penny,	—	—	—

For every pound weight avoirdupois of hard cake foap, or ball (bap, which (hall be employed, fpent, or confumed in Great Britain, in the whitening of new linen in the piece in order to the fale of fuch linen, one penny farthing.	—	—-

For every pound weight avoirdupois of foft foap which (hall be employed, fpent, or confumcd in Great Britain, in the whitening of new iingn in the piece in order to the fale of fuch linen, three farthings. For every pound weight avoirdupois of foap which (hall be made in Great Britain, and be ufed and confumed in Great Britain on or before the fifth day of July one thoufand fcvcn hundred and eighty eight in preparing and finifhing any manufadures from (lax or cot ton, for fale (except fuch as (hall be ufed in whitening new linen in the piece in order to the faje thereof), three farthings. —

0 0

o 0

0 0

o 0

STARCH.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of (larch which (hall be made in Great Britain, and be ufed ana confumed in Great Britain on or before the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight in preparing and finilhing any manufadures from flax or cotton

o 0

o 0 *

Digitized by v^ooQle

Starch, continued.

for (hie (except fuch ftarch as (hall be ufed and confumed in fini(hing new linen in the piece for (ale as herein-after mentioned), one penny halfpenny.	—	—	—	—

For every pound weight avoirdupois of ftarch which (hall be made in Great Britain, ana be ufed and confumed in GreatBritain in finiih-ing new linen in the piece for fale, three pence.	—

SCHEDULE F.

BOUNTIES.

FOR every barrel of beer or ale above fix (hillings the barrel, ex-clofive of the duty hereby impofed on fuch beer or ale, which (hall be proved to have been brewed in Great Britain from malted corn, and whereupon the duties for ftrong beer or ale (hall be proved to have been charged or paid, and which (hall be exported to foreign parts as merchandize, when barley is at twenty-four (hillings per qoarter or under, one (hilling.	—	—	—

Far every ton of fpirits drawn or made in Great Britain from corn, onder, fubjeft, and according to the rules, regulations, rcftri&ions, andprOvifions, contained and provided in and by an ad of parliament, made in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for the better regulating and encouraging the exportation of Britifti made (pints and for fecuring the payment of the duties upon fpiri-tnons liquors, or any other a ft or adls of parliament now in force concerning Britifti fpirits made or drawn from corn for exportation, which (hall be exported to foreign parts as merchandize, three ponnds twelve (hilUngs	—	—	—

171

■. /. d.

3 O it J Q 3

'•	n£

> I Qj

r

\ 12 O

Digitized by Google

Anno vicefimo feptimo GeoROII III. cl 13.' [tjl

SCHEDULE F.	1

DRAWBACKS.	1

BEER OR ALE.

\£. ^

FO R every barrel of beer or ale above fix (hillings the barrel (ex-clufive of the duty hereby impofed in refped of fuch beer or ale, and not being two-penny ale mentioned and deferibed in the feventh article of the treaty of union, nor being beer or ale commonly called Table Beer, which (hall be brewed and made as aforefaid) for which the duty by this ad impofed in refped thereof (hall have been paid, and exported as merchandize to foreign parts, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity, deduding three-pence per too for the charges of the officers, eight (hillings.	—	—

BRICKS AND TILES.

For all bricks and tiles refpedively which (hall be made in Great Britain (for which the duties by this ad impofed in refped thereof (hall have been paid) and. exported as merchandize to foreign parts, the feveral and refpedive duties by this ad impofed in refped of fuch bricks or tiles.

CANDLES.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of candles of tallow and other •candles whatfoever, which (hall be made in Great Britain, except wax and fpermaceti candles, (for which the duties by this ad impofed in refped thereof (hall have been paid) and exported as merchandize to foreign parts, one penny halfpenny.	—

For every pound weight avoirdupois of candles which (hall be made in Great Britain of wax, or of fpermaceti, or which are ufually called or fold for wax or fpermaceti candles (for which the duties by this , ad impofed in refped thereof (hall have been paid) and exported as merchandize to foreign parts, three-pence halfpenny.	—

CHOCOLATE.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of chocolate which (hall be made in Great Britain of cocoa nuts of the growth or produce of any Bri-tilh colony or plantation in America imported into Great Britain (for which the duties hereby impofed in refped thereof (hall have been paid) and exported as merchandize to foreign parts, five-pence. For every pound weight avoirdupois of chocolate which (hall be made in Great Britain ot cocoa nuts of the growth or produce of any other place imported into Great Britain (for which the duties hereby impofed in refped thereof (hall have been paid) and exported as merchandize to foreign parts, one (hilling and four-pence. —



oof

o I 4|

CYDER AND PERRY.

For every hogihead of cyder or perry which (hall be made in Great Britain (for which the duties by this ad impofed in refped thereof (hall have been paid) and exported as merchandize to foreign parts,

Digitized by v^ooQie



*73 /#

Cyder and Perry, con tinned, and To in proportion for any greater or letter quantity, the feveral and rtfpedive duties by this ad impofed in refped of fuch cyder and perry, dedoding three-pence per ton for the charges of the officers

HIDES.

For all hides and calve (kins refpedively which (hall be tanned, tawed, ordreffed in Great Britain and duly marked (for which the duties by this ad impofed in refped thereof (hall have been paid) and exported as merchandize to foreign parts, two-thirds of the duties of excife by this ad impofed in refped thereof refpedively.

For all (beep (kins and lamb (kins refpedively which (hall be tanned tawed, ordretted in Great Britain, (for which the duties by this ad impofed in refped thereof (hall have been paid) and exported as mer chandize to foreign parts, two-thirds of tne duties of excife by this ad impofed in reaped thereof refpedively.

For every poond weight avoirdupois of hides and calve (kins refpedively which (lull be drefled or curried in Great Britain (for which the dudes by this ad impofed in refped thereof (hall have been paid) and exported as merchandize to foreign parts, one penny. —

For every pound weight avoirdupois of feal (kins which (hall be tanned or tawed in Great Britain (for which the duties by this ad impofed in refped thereof (hall have been paid) and exported as merchandize to foreign parts, one penny. —	—	—

For every pound weight avoirdupois of leather tanned in Qreat Britain, chargeable by this ad to pay a duty by weight (for which the duties hereby impofed in refped thereof (hall have been paid) which (hall be osnofadured and adually made into goods or wares, and exported as merchandize to foreign parts, one penny halfpenny.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of boots, (hoes, gloves, or other manafadores, made of any kind of tawed or dretted leather, chargeable by this ad to pay a duty by weight (for which the duties hereby impofed in refped thereof (hall have been paid) exported as merchandize to foreign parts, two-thirds of the duties of excife by this id impofed in relped thereof refpedively.

HOPS.

For erery pound weight avoirdupois of hops growing or to grow in Great Britain, and which (hall be cured or made (it for ufe, and on which the duties of excife by this ad impofed in refped thereof (hall base been duly charged, exported as merchandize to Ireland, one penny and twelve twentieth parts of a farthing.	~—

PAPER.

For all paper which (hall be made in Great Britain (for which the duties hereby impofed in refped thereof (hall have been paid) and exported as merchandize to foreign parts, the whole of the duties by this ad impofed in refped thereof.

PRINTED GOODS.

For every yard fquare of paper which (hall be printed, painted, or ftained in Great Britain, for hangings or other ufes (for which the duties hereby impofed in refped thereof (hall have been paid) and

001

001

o o ij

o o

Digitized by

Google

.1

f

r»i

ti

V

1

' li

\t

t*

.4

(

Aono vjcefimo lcptimo Georgii III. o. ig. SCHEDULE. F.	|£	».

Printed Goods, continued.

fhall be exported as merchandise to foreign parts, one penny three farthings.	—	—	—	—	—

For all linens, fluffs, fuftians, velvets, velverets, dtipities, figured fluffs, fluffs wholly made of cotton wool wove in Great Britain, commonly called Britifh manufactory, callicoes and muffins, which fhall be printed, flained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain (for which the duties hereby impofed in refped thereof fhall have been paid) and exported as merchandize to foreign parts, the whole of the duties of excife by this ad impofed in refped thereof.

For all filks and filk handkerchiefs which fhall be printed, ft aired, painted, or dyed in Great Britain (for which the duties hereby im-pofed in refped thereof fhall have been paid) and exported as merchandize to foreign parts, the whole of the duties of excife by this ad impofed in refped thereof.

SOAP.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of hard cake foap, or ball foapt which fhall be made in Great Britain (for which the duties hereby impofed in refped thereof fhall have been paid) and exported as merchandize to foreign parts, two-pence farthing.	—.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of foft foap which fhall be made in Great Britain (for which the duties hereby impofed in refped thereof fhall have been paid) and exported as merchandize to foreign parts, one penny three farthings.	—	—	—

STARCH.

Fcr every pound weight avoirdupois of llarch which fhall be made in Great Britain (for which the duties hereby impofed in refped thereof fhall have been paid) and exported as merchandize to foreign parts/ three-pence farthing.	—	.	—	—

TEA.

For all tea (for which the duties hereby impofed in refped thereof fhall have been paid) which fhall be exported to Ireland or his Majefly’i plantations in America, the whole of the duties of excife by this ad impofed in refped thereof.

WINE.

For every ton of French wine which fhall be imported into Great Britain diredly from any of the European dominions of the French king (for which all the duties hereby impofed in refped thereof fhall have been paid) and which fhall be exported from Great Britain as merchandize to any Britifh colony or plantation in America or to any Btitilh fettlcmcnt in the Eart Indies, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefTer quantity, fourteen pounds feven lhillings.	—-

For every ton of French wine which fhall be imported as aforefaid (for which all the duties hereby impofed in refped thereof fhall have been paid) and which fhall be exported from Great Britain as merchandize to any other part or place beyond the feas, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity, five pounds thirteen fhillings.

For every ton of Rhenifh, German, or Hungary wine (for which all the duties hereby impofed in refped thereof fhall have been paid) which fhall be exported from Great Britain as merchandize to any



o <*)

o <M

o o

1

H 7

5 »J

Digitized by

SCHEDULE F.

Wine, continued.

Britifh colony or plantation in America, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity, fourteen pounds feven (hillings. —

For every too of Rhenrih, German, or Hungary wine (for which all the duties hereby impofed in refpeft thereof (hall have been paid) which (hall be exported from Great Britain as merchandize to any Britiih fettlement in the Raft Indies, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity, nine pounds feventeen (hillings. —

For every ton of Rheniih, German, or Hungary wine (for which all the duties hereby impofed in refpeft thereof (hall have been paid) which (hall be exported from Great Britain as merchandize to any other part or place beyond the feas, and fo in proportion for any

greater or lefler quantity, five pounds thirteen (hillings.-

For eyery ton of all other wines which (hall be imported into Great Britain (for which all the duties hereby impofed in refped thereof (hall have been paid) and which (hall be exported from Great Bri-taia as merchandize to any Britiih colony or plantation in America, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity, nine pounds eleven (hillings and four-pence. —	—	—-

For every ton of all other wines which (hall be imported into Great Britain (for which all the duties hereby impofed in refpe& thereof (hall have been paid) and which (hall be exported from Great Britain as merchandize to any Britiih fettlement in the Eaft Indies* and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity, fix pounds eleven (hillings and four-pence.	—	—	—

For every ten of all other wines which (hall be imported into Great Britain (for which all the duties hereby impofed in refpe& thereof ihaU have been paid) and which (hall be exported from Great Britain as merchandize to any other part or place beyond the feas, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity, three pounds fifteen (hillings and four-pence. —	—	—

\c

9

5

9

6

3

GOLD THREAD.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of gold thread, gold lace, or gold fringe, made of plate wire fpun upon (ilk, fuch plate wire being' made of gilt wire, which (hall be made in Great Britain (for which the duties hereby impofed in refpeft thereof (hall have been paid> and exported as merchandize to foreign part?, and fo 4n proportion for any greater or lefler quantity, feven (hillings and eight-pence,

SILVER THREAD.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of (ilver thread, fllver lace, or fiber fringe, made of plate wire fpun upon filk, fuch plate wire being made of fllver wire, which (hall be made in Great Britain (for which the duties hereby impofed in refpedt thereof (hall have been paid) and exported as merchandize to foreign parts, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity, five (hillings and nine-pence.	—	—	—	.	—

o

*75

t >	■

7 o 17 o 13 o

*' 4 «« 4 *5 4

7 8 5 9

: a p.

Digitized by v^,ooQle

*j6 Anno vicefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 14—19. [1787.

CAP. XIV.

An aft for paving, cleanGng, lighting, and watching the ftreets# femes, ahd other publick paflages and places, within the walls of the city pi Canterbury, and the liberties thereof; and alfo feveral ftreets and other places near or adjoining to the faid City; and for removing afld preventing incroachments, ob ft raft ions, nuifaoces, and annoyahciB therein.

CAP. XV.

An aft for building a bridge at or near the ferry, over the river Trent, from Gainiborough, in the county of Lincoln, to the oppofite fhore, in the parith of Saundby, in the county of Nottingham.

CAP. XVI.

An aft for making perpetual two afts, pafied in the fifteenth and fevcn-tcentb years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for retraining the negotiation of promiflory notes and bills of exchange under a limited fum, within that part of Great Britain called England.

CAP. XVII.

An aft for rebuilding the chapel of Eafk Stonehoufe, In the county of

Devon.

CAP. XVIII.

An aft for making perpetual an aft made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for regulating the proceedings of thecourt of judiciary and circuit courts in Scotland.

C A P. XIX.

An aft to enforce and render more effectual feveral afts pa (fed in tie twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, and other afts made for the increafe and encouragement of Ihipping end navigation.

Preamble, re- IT J H E R E A S by an a 51 pajfed in the twenty-fixth year of tie Geog 60	ri**n of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An aft for the fur-

co* 3» c. . tjjCr jncreafe and encouragement of (hipping and navigation, it is enafledy That the fhips and vejfds belonging to bis Majejty's fob• jefts ref ding in the kingdom 0/Ireland, being duly qualified and ri-gifiered according to the laws now in forcey Jhall continue to enjoy e!l the privileges and advantages to which fuch fhips and.vejfels were by law intitlcd before the paffing of this afty until the end of four calendar months from the commencement of the fir ft feffion of the parliament of Ireland which fhall hereafter fit during the Jpace of four calendar months, without prorogation or dijfolution, and from the end of that time, every Jhip or veffel which Jhall, by virtue of the authority of any aft that may be pajfed in the faid parliament of Ireland, be qualified ahd regifiered in any of the ports of the faid kingdom of Ireland, under fimilar regulations and rejlriftions to thofe therein contained, Jhall continue to enjoy, to all intents and purpofs whatever , all the privileges and advantages of a Briti(h-£«/7/ Jhipy ora foreign-built Jhipy owned by his Majejly*s fubjefts, as the cafe may

Digitized by Google

ijS;.] Amo viceGmo ftptimo Georgii HI. c. 19.	zyf

iit wording to tbt provijhns of this ail: and whereas by an ait of. tbt parliament of Ireland, pajfed in this prefent feffion of the fold perhemtnty intituled\ An ad for the further increafe and encou-	*

ragement of (hipping and navigation, regulations and rejlriilions fn foahfying and regtfleriag Jbips and veffels in the ports of the faid kingdom of Ireland are enailed and provided, fimilar to thofe contained in the faid before-mentioned ail of the parliament 0/Great	^

Britain $ be it therefore enaded by the King’s moft excellent	?fre-

majefly, by and with the advice and confenit of the lords fpiri- land accord-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament ing to an ad aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That every (hip of thc parlia-or veffel which (hall be duly regiftered in any port in the king- Engdomof1 dona of Ireland, according to the regulations and reftridions of the prefent the before-mentioned ad, palled in the parliament of that king- feffion, to en-dom, and (hall obtain a certificate thereof, (hall enjoy, to all myall the pri-iotents and porpofes wharfoever, all the privileges and advan- JJfJ^Jned'by tages of a Brittfh built (hip or foreign-built (hip, owned by his his MajeftyV Majcfty’s fubjeds, as the cafe may be.	fubjeds.

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That VefTeU regi-every (hip or veflel belonging to his Majcfty’s fubjeds refiding ftcred there in the faid kingdom of Ireland, being duly qualified and regi- fac£°™?fou* ftered according to the laws in force at and immediately before t0 fai(i the commencement of the faid ad, fo pafled in the parliament ad, to con-of that kingdom, (hall continue in like manner to enjoy all the dnue to enjoy privileges and advantages of a Britifb- built (hip or foreign-built wc#^unne* Ihip, owned by his Majefty’s fubjeds, as the cafe may be, dur- t;me8 ap. ing the time or times which are or may be appointed by the pointed by jhe commiflioners of his Majefty’s revenue in the faid kingdom, commiffion-porfaant to the powers thereby given to the faid commiflioners	?UC

to appoint the times when the regiftration required by the faid m rca » ad is to be made; but that at the end qr expiration of the faid but at the lime or times, fo to be appointed by the faid commiflioners, no expiration of (hip or veffel, belonging to the kingdom of Ireland, which ought	^

to be regiftered in the ports thereof, (hall have or enjoy fuch regiftered a-privileges or advantages, unlefs fuch (hip or veflel (hall have greeable to been regiftered, and (hall have obtained a certificate thereof in the faid ad. purfoance of the before-mentioned ad, pafled in the faid parliament of Ireland.

IU. Provided always, That in cafe it (hall happen that any hch (hip or veflel, from any unavoidable neceflity or reafonable canft, (hall not have returned to the port in Ireland to which (hebelongs, within thp time fo appointed by the faid commif-fiooeri, but (hall firft touch at fome port of Great Britain, the ifiaods of Guernfey or Jtrfey, or the IJle of Man, it (hall and may be lawful for the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in Eng-kni, or any four or more of them, and for the commiflioners of his Mdjefty’s cuftoms in Scotland, or any three or more of them, for the time being ’refpedively, to permit fuch (hip or veffel, upon proof being made to their fatisfadion of fuch un-aroidable neceflity or reafonable caufe, to enjoy the privileges of a Britijb'built (hip or veflel for that time oulv, and to clear out Vot. XXXVI,	N	*	wd

Digitized by vjjOOQIC

If any fuch veflel ihould be prevented from returning to the port to which (he belongs in due time, and ihould touch at a port in Great Britain, &c. the com-miflionerB of the cuftoms may permit her to clear out, and re-

1781	Anno	vicefuiio	feptirno	GfcofcGii	III. c. 19.' [1787.

turn to her and return to the port in Ireland to which fuch (hip or reflei IrelandPOrt m belong* and nd other, for the purpofe of being there re-giftered.

Recital of part	IV. And whereas by the before mentioned ally paffied in the turn*

of the oath tyfixth year of his Majefty't reign y it is enafiedy That no regiftry of taken b* rtie an}fi*P or veJf^ flail thenceforth be made, until the owner or oxtmtts a<ft %6 Geo. 3. tffuch fl[P or veffiel Jball have taken an oath therein fet forth in temp c. 60.	ner therein directed, containing, among otherj, the words follomnf\

44 That I the faid A. B. (and the faid other owners, if any) am to 44 are) truly and bona fide a fubjeft (or fubjefls) of Great Britain^ 44 and that I the faid A. B. have not (nor have any of the omtr 44 owner Sy to the be ft of my knowledge or belief) taken an oath of 44 allegiance to any foreign ftate whatever, except under the termfi Nooath taken “ fime capitulation^ [describing the particulars thereof 2]** belt temCorarya ena<^e^ by the authority aforefaid, That any oath which fltaD right*™ a ci- have been, or may be taken, for the foie purpofe of requiring tizen, during the rights of a citizen or burgher in any foreign city or toira refidence in a in Europey to be enjoyed during the time that the perfon or per* f°ns ta^ing Such oath (hall refide in fuch city or town, and for an oath ofC a limited time after fuch refidence (hall have expired, (hall not allegiance to be deemed an oath of allegiance to a foreign (late, within the fuch Rate. true intent and meaning of the faid adt.

Inftead of the	V. And be it ena&ed by the authority afotefaid, That no-

oath required thing in the faid laft-mentioned adt contained (hall preventive aft the fol- Perf°ns thereby authorized from making regiftry of (hips trad lowing oath vcflcls, and granting certificates thereof to (hips and ve&U may be taken wholly owned by the united company of merchants of England bythe perfon trading to the Eajl Indies, or any other body corporate within thonzed b*/ ^is ^in2dom, all other requifites of the faid adl being complied the Eaft India w»ih, upon the following oath being taken and fubferibed by company,&c. the Secretary of the faid united company, or other body corporate, or by any other officer authorized by fuch company or body corporate, (inftead of the oath diredted to be taken bythe faid adl} before the perfon or perfons duly authorized to rathe fuch regiftry and grant fuch certificates refpedtively, which oath they are hereby refpedtively impowered to adminifter:

Form of the T A. B. fecreta*y or officer of [name of company or corporation] oath.	JL	do make oathy That the Jhip or veffiel (name) of (port or pbee)

whereof (matter's name) is at prefent maftery being (kind of talk, burthen, \sc. as deferibed in the certificate of the furveyfag officer) was (when and were built, or if prize, capture and condemnation) and that the fame doth wholly and truly belong to (name of company or corporation).

VI.	And whereas by the faid ally pajfd in the twenty-fixtb year of his prefent Majtfty s reignt it is enattedy That% at the time of obtaining the certificate of regiftry therein direftedy fufficient Jecurtty by bond jhall be given to his Majtfty y his heirs and fucceffiorty by the maftery and fuch of the owners as Jball per finally atlendy as is therein required, fuch fccurity to be approved of and taken by the perfon or

per Jins

Digitized by

Google

1787*] Anno vicefimo fcptimo GeoRGII III. C. f£.	V79

per fens therein authorized to make fuch regiflry and te grant a certificate thereof at the port or place in which fuch certificate /ball be granted, in the penalties, and on the conditions,	others	in the

jaid aft mentioned, That fuch certificate /hall not be foldt lent or other-wife difpefed of: and whereas doubts have arifen% whether fuch bond can be legally executed by the mafter of the vejf'el at any other port or place than that at which the vrffel is% by the Jaid afl, required to be rj]pfl*r*d\ be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid,

Tiiat, from and afier the firft day 01 June one thoofand feven fro® June tf hundred and eighty-feven, the comm 1 (Turners of his Majefly's ^onTmiffion-cuftoms in England for the time being, or any four or more of en of the cuf-them, or the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in Scotland toms, &c. for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the go- permit vernor, or lieutenant governor, or commander in chief of the th* i(lands of Guernfey or Jerfey^ or of the lfle of Man% or of any of filing a°cer-vhe colonies, plantations, iilands, or territories, which now be- tificate of the long, or may hereafter belong, or be in the poffeffion of his Ma- regiftry of a jefty, his heirs and fuccertors, in Afsay Africa, or America, (hall, ▼eftel, to be and they are hereby authorized to permit, in any cafe where it J^reverthey (hall appear to them to be expedient, fuch bond to be taken be- think proper, fore any perfon or perfons whatever, and in fuch manner, and at fuch port or place, as they (hall refpe&ively judge fitting and neceflary j and every fuch perfon or perfons (hall and are hereby authorized to take fuch bond, and fuch bond when fo taken (hall be valid and of the like force and effetf, to all intents and purpofes whatever, as if the fame had been taken by the perfoo or perfons authorized by the faid aft to make regiftry and grant a certificate theieof.

VII.	And whereas no provifion is made in the faid afl, pajfed in the faid twenty ftxth year of his prefent Majefiy's reign, requiring frefb fecurity fo bond to be given whenever the mafer of a /hip or vtjfeU regiflered in purfuance thereof Jhall be changed; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That when and fo often Wheneverthc as the mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or mafter of a command of any (hip or veflcl, regiflered in manner therein dr- ^an*ed freth reded, (hall be changed, the periun who (hall become matter, fCCunt? to be or take the charge or command of fuch (hip or vert'd, (hall give given, &c. fecurity by bond, to be taken in the manner and under the penalties and conditions required by the faid aft and this prefent

aft; and upon fuch frefh fecurity being from time to time given, the fame being made to appear by indorfement on the Original bond by the officers in whofe curtody it (hall be, fuch original bond, (0 far as it relates to the former matter, (hart from thenceforth be null and void, (except with refpeft to any breach or breaches of the conditions of fuch bond which may have*been committed before fuch indorfement.)

VIII.	And whereat, for want of a fufficient number tf proper officers in the ifland of Newfoundland, and its dependencies, and in feme parts of the provinces of Quebeck, Nova Scotia, and New Brunfwick, difficulties may occur in carrying the provifions of the be- —- -fore-mentioned aft, poffed in the twenty fxih year of his Majejlf s

N2	r . reign.

Digitized by V^OOQlC

iSo

Veflels, not exceeding $0 tons burthen, and not having a fixed deck, may be employed in the filhery at Newfoundland, &c

Annoyipefimo feptimo Georgii 111. c. 19. [1787.

reign, into execution, fo far as may relate to jmail veffeh concerned in tarrying on the fi fiery thereof, and in trading cocflwife: be it thetb* fore further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That no whatever, not exceeding the burthen of thirty tons, and M having a whole or fixed deck, and being employed folely in $C fifhery on the banks or (hores of Newfoundland, and of the pa$ adjacent, or on the banks or (hores of the provinces of Sfrukfr Nova Scotia, or New Brunfwick, adjacent to the gulph of w Lawrence* and to the north of Cape Confix or of the iflapj^ within the fame, or in trading coafiwife within the faid ligity^

without being (hall be fubjeft or liable to be regiftered by virtue or i^i

Tegiftered

Veflels built at Newfoundland, &c. for European owners, may be regiftered there, upon

fuance of the faid aft, pafled in the faid twenty-fixth year of bis Mr. fent Majcfty’s reign, or (hall he liable to any hindrance, mokfij? tion, obftruftion, or detention whatever, for or on accoui)|p not beiqg fo regiftered ; any thing in the laid aft to the epo* trary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.	^

IX.	jfnd whereas many fhips or vejfels have been, and may kerib after be built in the faid tfland^Newfoundland, and in thofe of the provinces of Quebeck, Nova Scotia, and New Brunfvic)^ adjacent to the gulph of Saint Lawrence, and to the north'of Canfo, or in the iflands within the faid limits, on account of ‘ refiding in his Mcjejly's European dominions, which fhips or by reafon of the abjence of all the owners, cannot be regiftered in places, in purfuance and under the provijions of the faid c8,fo / _ in the faid twenty Jixth year of his prefent Majeftys reign ; be therefore further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That ^ (hips or veflels (hall and may be regiftered in the faid ifland 0? Newfoundland and its dependencies, or in the parts of the 6$ provinces of Quebeck, Nova Scotia, or New Brunfwick, adjacent to the gulph ot Saint Lawrence, and to the north of Cape Cvfo, or in the iflands within the faid limits, (before the perfonsfa-

agent8Ptakhig thorized refpeftively at thofe places to make regiftry, and to the requisite grant certificates thereof, in purfuance of the faid aft), upon the'

oath;

hulbands or principal agents of the faid (hips or veflels takio the oath required by the faid aft, inftead of the fame L “ taken by the owners thereof; and the certificates fo lhall be of the like force and effeft, to all intents and pu whatever, as if they had been granted upon the oath of die owners refpeftively,. until fuch time as fuch fhips or veflelsit* fpeftively (hall arrive at fome port in his Majefty’s Eurefaen dominions, where they may be refpeftively regiftered upoa^Jbf oath of the refpeftive owner or owners thereof, but no lonM^ ' any thing in the faid aft contained to the contrary notwill^ on\hdr arn-* ^anc^,n?: anc* whenever fuch fhips or veffcls (hall firft arm^iQ valin Europe, any Port *n his Majefly’sEuropean dominions, the ccrUfr* rmift he regif’ cates of regiftry, granted in purfuance of this aft, (lull be tty-tered agree- tcrly null and void, and (hall be delivered up to be cancelled; Gle t0 46 60 anci	or vc^s ftall and are hereby required to be ra-

co. 3. c. . fpC£jVC|o regiftered de novo, upon tjie oath of the refpedtiue owqers being taken, and the other requisitions of the faid aft being complied with,

X. And

Digitized by

Google

/tiino vkcdmo feptimo GKoKOil Iff. c. 19.	18*

X.	And whereas, by an at! made dndpaffed in tbt twelfth year of t*Sar!at'c*,*# tie reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for encoti- rccitcd* ragiog and increafmg of fhipping and navigation, certain goods

end commodities* therein enumerated and deferibed, are required to be imported into this kingdom, either in Jbips which belong, tb or are of tie halt of hit Majeflfs dominions', or of the built of (he country or pkee of which the Jaid goods or commodities are the growth, production, ornumfafture refpeftivcly, or of fuch port where the Jaid goods or commodities can only be, or mojl ufrnlly are firji Jhipped for tranf-fertation, be rt therefore enabled by the authority tforefaid,

That, from and after rhe firft day of July one thousand feveh and -Mf hundred and eighry-feven, any of the faid goods of commodi- lj^7tbetefci ties fo enumerated or deferibed in the faid aft, being the growth, enumerated production, or manufafture of Europe, maybe imported into of the growth Groat Britain under the conditions, rules, regulations, and re- &c.ofE«rope, Ariftions contained in the faid aft; and alfo in an aft, made ^[ed into and paffed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of Great Britain King Charles the Second, intituled, Ad aft for preventing frauds, under the and regulating obtefes in his Majeftfl cufloms ; and in another aft, condidons 6i made and pafled in the fixth year of the reign of his late majeffy King George the Firft, intituled. An aft to repeal fo much of ihe aft cir. *. c* it. intimed, An aft for preventing frauds, and regulating abufes in and6&ea. t. his Majefty’s cuftoms, paffed tn the thirteenth andfburteetrth years c* JS* of Eing Charles the Second, as relates to the prohibiting the importa-	before

inn of deal boards and fir timbdr from Grermany; either in (hips or votHs which, before the firft day of May one thoufand feven belonged to’ hundred and eighty-fix, did fruly and without fraud wholly be- his Majeftf*! lone to his Majefty’s dominions, or which are of the built of d°mini<>n8» bis Majefty’s dominions, and regjiftered refpeftivcly according to law, or in (hips or veflels the built of any countries or places » Europe telongihg to or under the dominion of the fovereign or (late in Europe of which rhe faid goods or commodities, fo enumerated or deferibeda&aforefaid, are the growth, production, or manufacture refpeftivefy, or of fuch ports where the faid goods or cdmmbdires can only b cioc are mod ufually firft (hipped for tranfportation, fuch (hif* or veflels being navigated with a matter and three fourths of the mariners, at the leaft, belonging to fuch countries or places, or ports refpeftivcly, and ia none other (hips or vetTels whatever; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary irotwithftaftding.'

XI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons Oood«ofMo* Whatever to import or bring into Great Britain from Gibraltar, edTnto^i^ * in any (hip or veflcl which, before the firft day of May one braltar, may thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, did truly without fraud be imported wholly belong to his Majefty’s dominions, or are of the built ^roJ?-thin^ of his Majcfty’s dominions, navigated and rendered according j“ hisMaje-tolaw, any goods, wares, or merchandize, bemg the growth or (ty’8 dommi-produftion of the dominions of the emperor of Morocco, and ons, or (hips which (hall have been imported into Gibraltar direftly from any belonging ptpf Ac faid dominions nothing or being to the foMthward^0cj^°’

Digitized by

18a Anno viccSjflo feptimoGeorgh III. c. *of «• [1787*

1786,	on pay* of the port of Mogadore, in (hips or* vcffcis belonging to or of of the fame the built of his Majefty’s dominions, as before described, nati-ported^m 8atc<* an<* fegiftered according to law, or in (hips or veflel*J*» Africas longing to the fubje&s of the laid emperor cf Morocco, upon lament of the fame duties, and none other, as fuch goods, was*, or merchandize are or (hall be liable to uppn being icnpogld into Gnat Britain dire&ly from Africa. hutfuch	XIL	Provided	always, and be it ena&ed, That in every figji

IT^ompa- ca^c 6°°^* *roported (hall be accompanied with a ccf|h nied with a tificate under the hand of the governor, or lieutenant govcaap, certificate, or commander in chief of Gibraltar, (or of any perfon autbooqpi that they were by them, or either of them, to grant fuch certificate), Mag SSrtdtarin° ^ort^ that fuch goods were brought into Gibraltar in fucbPV . fuch veflela as or veflei as above deferibed..	rM

are required XIII. And^for obviating all doubts which may artfi tomhie%pk by this aft.	meaning and conjlruflion of, the faid aft, made and pafjed in the twen-

ty-fix tk year of the reign of bisprefent Majcjly, initialed* An a& fc* the further increase and encouragement of shipping and aptj-AU veflels gation, be it enabled and declared, That all (hips and vq&ls *6	which by the faid adfc qre declared npt to be

c. 60, arede- P^vileses or advantages of a Brtiifb- built (hip, or of a tip clared not to owned by Britifb fubjedts, and all (hips and veflels not regiAggd be iotitlcd to according .to the directions and regulations,of the faid ad, faS, ^vSfc# although fuch (hips and veflels may be owned by hfs MmfMs SuHtfhip,&c. ftibjedts, be held and deemed, to all intvnts and puipofa^is to be deemed alien (hips, and (hall in all cafes be liable to fuch aqd tbefifte alien (hips, . penalties ,and forfeitures as alien (hips, in the like cafes, at&tfr (hall bylaw be liable to. :	,	*<-v

C A P/ XX. .	u

An adt for varying and extending the powers of the company ofyst-prietors of the Forth and Clyde navigation.	v

C A P, XXI.

jfn aft to enable the lords commijjioners of his Majeftfs treafmfU Purchafe, of the proprietor^ of coal mines and coal works etflte efiatt of Pitferran, in the county of Fife, the right of exemption from payment of the duty, on coals exported.	1

Preamble, \KT HEREAS, by a grants or letter of gift, by her late nsanfty reciting grant V V £>ueen Anne, under the privy feal of Scotland, dat&tbe Anne oTaen	day	qf December one thoufandJeven hundred anifm*it

right of ex*

is recited, that dame Janet Halket* Jpoufe to fir Peter Halto V* emption from Pitferran alias Wedderburn, of Gostord, knight baronet, ana btr duty on coals predeceffors, heritage proprietors of the lands, barony, and ejlat^qf tSTftafe of1 ^*l^erran’ ani Pf the coals, coal works, and coal mines within. the Pitferran, &c. bounds thereof \ lying within the fbire of Fife, and kingdom of Sept-1 '	9	land, had been at great charges and expences in the profecuting and

working of the faid coal works, whereby great benefit and advantage had arifen and redounded to the faid kingdom of Scotland, by the or-port of the fame to foreign countries, and the returns artfmg thereby*

in'



Digitized by

Google

17*7-3 A11110 vicefimo fcprimo Georgii Ilf. c. i r.

k mtempktion where*/, the fame dame Janet Halltet, and her pride-ufors, bad enjoyed the immemorial right and pojfeffion of the privity of exportmg the faid tools out of the /aid kingdom, free and exempted from all payment of any cuflom or bullion, or any other duties or impifttions, payable for tools exported forth of the faid kingdom*, oni by tobitb grant, or Utter of gift, her faid Majejly, confidering that by rtofon of the faid right and immemorial pojfejjion of the fort-fsU exemption, the cufloms of the coals of the faidif ate of P’rtferrati exported had not made any part of the tuftom of her Majrflys faid kiogdom, and that the nature and kind of the faid toah was futh, that H beam needful that the fame fbould be exported *, and her faid Ma-jtfy, being willing to give encouragement to the faid dame Janet Haiket, her heirs and fuccejfors, in the faid lands and ejlate of Pit-frnan, for their better carrying on and profetuting the faid works, and exporting the faid tools, not only ratified, approved, and confirmed to and in fervour of the faid dame Janet Halltet and her forefaids, the full right, privilege, and liberty of tranfporting the fort faid coals forth of the faid kingdom of Scotland, free and exempted from all payment of any cuflom or bullion, or any other duties whatfoever, im-poftd or to be immeftd thereupon by the laws and alls of parliament of her Mayfly's Jaid kingdom, made or to be made, according as the feme bad been pojfiffed and enjoyed by the faid dame Janet Haiket, bet predeeejfm and authors, but odfo of new gave and granted, and for her Majefly, her heirs and fuccejfon, perpetually confirmed to the faid feme Janet Haiket and her forefaids, the full privilege and liberty of tranfporting the fore faid coals from any port or ports within the faid kingdom, to any foreign places or countries, free and ekempted from all payment of any ettflom or hullionf or any other duties what-/sever impofed or to be impofed on the export of tools forth of her Abjtfifs faid kingdom, as by the faid grant, or letter of gift, may meet fully appear *, which grant of exemption herein before fet forth was ratified by the parliament of Scotland by an all of ratification, doted the twenty firfi day of March one tboufahd /even hundred and ftvar, by which aft of ratification, her faid Majefly, ivith the advice end confine of the ejlates of parliament^ willed and granted, and for her Majejly and her fuccejjors ordhined the fore faid grant or letter jf gift bo be (conform to the tenor thereof) good, valid, and fufficient fr psffejfing and tujoying the aforefaid privilege and exemption in all tint coming, as by the Jitid aft of ratification may alfo more fully appear: and whereas, by the fixth article of the treaty of union, it i:s provided and declared. That all parts of the united kingdom for ever, from and after the union, fb/ll have the fame allowances, encourage-vuntt,and drawbacks, and be under thefame prohibitions, reftriftions,ani regulations of trade, and liable to the fame cufloms and duties on import end export; and that the allowances, encouragements, and drawbacks, prohibitions, refiriftions, and regulations of trade, and the cufloms and duties on import and export, fettled in England when the union com-ounces,/ball, from and after the union, take place throughout the Whole united kingdom, excepting and referving the duties upon export end import of fuch particular commodities from which any perfons, ftf fnbjefts of either kingdom, are^pecially liberated and exempted by

Digitized by

Google

Anno viccfimo fcptimo Georoii 111. trtfi.

their private rights* ivbkb* of Ur the union* art to retook fife* entire to them ift all refpefts as before the fame: and whereas* / * quently to the commencement of the union, a fuit was iaftknttdkt court of the exchequer in Scotland, by Englifh biUy for recovkff the duties upon certain parcels of cods exported* the produce if i aforefaid eftate Pitforran, of that fjpecies called Small or Sm Jpoal, ft only for fmitbs ufe $ upon which fuit the Jaid court ifi chequer* by decree dated the twenty-fifth day of July one th /even hundred and thirty-eight, adjudged the faid figftt of ex to be good as to that fpecies of coals whereof the duties were lie j jefl of the aforefaid fuit•* and whereas the right of exemption her before mentioned* by reafon of the recited exception in the faiij article in the treaty ef union* and of the aforefaid decree of the} court of exchequer in Scotland, has* ever puce the anion* beendek and taken to be a private rights falling under the deftription ouii titled to the benefit <f the forefaid exception h the faid fixtb a ^ the treaty of 'union in fervour of private rights, by means coals* the produce of the lapis* barony* and eftate of Pitferrato,

. beenr and continue to be exported duty-free: and whertas* by e* afls of parliament* certain duties are chargeable upon all other I exported to foreign parts: and whereas it is inexpedient* astoeS\ refpefi of the publick revenue ds in refpcB of the inter eft of ether j \prietors of coal mines and coal worhs that the faid rifht of exemfi , Jbould any longer continue to exifl: and whereas it is at toe fan&l Juft and reafonqble* that a juitdbk recompense ftumli be made f * rendering the faid right jbe it therefore enaded by the ] moft excellent majefly, by and with the advke and eon the lords fpiritual and temporal, and ctqpmon** ki Ait \ Treafory may parliament aflemhled, and by the authority of the fame, pwrehafe of *	and may be lawful to and for the lord* commiffitt

the right of , Majefty’s treafury, now and for the time being, and* exemption arc hereby authorized and impowered to treat wkh the from duty on prietor or proprietors, of the lands, barony, and eftate of edVom^the** ferran* which belonged to the family of HalketntPitferrauik mines of Pit* l‘me °f the grant before mentioned, in favour of the afbrfe ferran j dame Janet Halket* being the proprietor or proprietor*

coai mines gnd coal works fituated within the fame landv'l rony, and eftate of Pitferran* or with fuch other-perfon or l fons as are or may be the proprietor or proprietors of xhti coal mines and coal works, for the purchase of the faid rig' exemption; and the faid lords commifiionefs of his Map treafury, now and for the time being, are hereby further at ri^ed and impowered to agree for and ftipulate a reafonaWe i adequate price for fiich purchafe of the faid exemption, tit4 make payment of fuch price out of any monies arifing from \ revenue of cuftoms in that pan of Great Britain, called &#H*

II.	Anf* upon fuch payment being made or tendered, it is he further enadled. That the forefaid right of exemption, wd| benefit belonging thereto or accruing therefrom, fhall ccafe i for ever determine, and be no longer enjoyed: and that! coals, the produce of the faid lands, barony, and eftate of J

ferranj

on payment of inch pur* chafe money the faid right to ceafe;

Digitized by

Google

17J;.] Anno vfcehmo feptimo Georgn III; C. ill	185

ferm> fhall, upon the exportation thereof, be/ubjeft and liable to the like duties as' other coals exported to foreign parts are Hibleind fiibieft unto; and fuch duties (hall be raifed, levied, eoile&d, applied, and difpofed of in the lame manner, and to the fame ufes and purpofes as the duties on other coals exported are or may be raifed, levied, collected, applied, and difpofed of b? any law now in being.

IH. Andy for the bitter and mere effectual raifing and ccHeflittg fvb duties, and the prevention of frauds therein, it is hereby enaft-ed and declared, That all the rules, regulations, reftriftions, for- and the regu-feituTss,and penalties,as well real as pecuniary, which are provided lations, Sec. by any atf or afts of parliament now in force, touching or con- touc.h,Dxth« cerning the raifing, levying, and collefting the duties on coals aJtiS^on^ exported to parts beyond the Teas, and the prevention of frauds coals export-in the (hipping and exportation of fuch coals, (hall, in all r$- «d, to extend foe&s, extend and be applied to the (hipping and exportation fqr foreign parts of coals the produce of the lands, barony, and ^tfciram111 cflate of Pitfcrran aforefaid, the faid grant of exemption, aft of ratification thereof, or any law, ufage, or pofleffion whatfoever, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

CAR XXIL

JnaBfor fide of certain boufes and ground belonging to hisMajefty.

WHEREAS bis Majefly is feifedy in right of bis crown, rf Preamble* the feveral meffuages or tenements, pieces or parcels of ground*

Mu-after mentioned and deferibed 5 and it will be for the benefit ef bh Msjefty and the publick that all the faid meffuages or tenements, oudfietts or parcels of ground, Jbould be fold, and the money arifing fine the fale thereof applied and difpofed of in manner herein-ofier mentioned ; and bis Majejty is therefore pleafed and contented that tie fame fhall be fold, and the money arifing from fuch fale difpofed if k manner herein-afttr dire tied: be it therefore cnafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and conSmt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in tbit prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the

That it (hall and may be lawful for the lord high trea- Treafmymay (iirer, or the coiptniffioners of the treafury for the time being, treat for the (0treat, contraft, and agrde with any perfon or perfons, bodies or ,eafin5 poStkk or corporate, tlieir heirs, fucceflors, and alligns, for the fate, or for the leafing of all or any part of the eftate, right, title, fpecified. or imereft, in or to all or any of the premifes following, together with all and every their rights, members, and appurtenances thereunto belonging; that is to fay, The houfe in Privy Garden, within the liberty of lVeJlminJlery ufed as an office for the com-miffioners of the lottery; and alfo the feveral houfes in Firfl Scotland Yard, within the liberty of Weflminjler aforefaid, following; that is to fay, the one latelyufed as an office for his Ma-jefty's board of works; the one in the occupation of the late fur-teyor general of his Majefty’s works, or hi* under tenants; the one in the occupation of Phoebe Scott; the one in the occupation

Digitized by

Google

On execution of conveyances of the faid premifes, and payment of the pur-chafe money, fuch conveyances to be valid in law.

Anno vicefimo feptimo GeorGH III. c. [1787, tion of John Jones* or his under tenants; the one late in occupation of Richard Ripley« late refident clerk of the bom works; the one late belonging to the furvevor general of Majefty’s board of works, and now in the occupant* M' Cleary and Priddle; and alfo the ground, with the fheds erelted thereon, late belonging to the mailer c the board of works, with the liable and two coach joining thereunto; and alfo the mefluages or tenementsil,

' Second and Third Scotland Yards, within the precindts of blsl^ jelly’s palace of Whitehall, within the liberty of WeftminflerOkm faid, now or late in the tenure or occupation of Robert J£****, John Mouffell* John Pullen* John Phelps* Robert Rofs* Agjfp Stephens, George Hufbands* John Roberts* and Sarah Lovepmi and alfo the following mefluages or tenements fituate withfefee precindls of Whitehall, that is to fay, the one now or lattiMp occupation of John Cooper ; the one now or late in the tenoM occupation of George FowUr; the one now or late in the of Holden; the one now in the occupation of Samuel the one now in the occupation of lfaae Clarice gentleman*” one now in the occupation of Anfelm Bayly dodtor in dti' fub dean of bis Majcfty's chapel royal; and alio the I houfes and parcels of ground on Hampton Court Green, •nilt joining thereto, in the county of Middlefex* following, thjr^ fey, ihe manfipn houfe late in the occupation of Whitjbed' cfquire, and formerly holden by him as furveyor gener Majefty’s works; the mefluage or tenement now or late in cupationof William Rice* clerk to his Majefty’s board of the parcels of meadow ground lying between the (aid h the laid Whitjbed Kune and William Rice and the river of \ and adjoining thereto, and now or late in the occupation faid WhitjbedKeene and William Rice, or one of them; at the mefluage or tenement now or lately belonging to jefty s mailer gardener at Hampton Court aforefaid, and non » the tenure or occupation of William Pedley* one of the foteMl to the faid mafler gardener; the mefluage or tenement nqsr* late in the occupation of	Anderfon; *nd the meflqdgf'Or

tenement now in the occupation of George Shaw, his ferjeant farrier.

II.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That Upon the executing contra&s or agreements by the commiffioottt tf his Majefty’s treafury, or any three of them, or the lord treafurer for the time being, or upon executing fuch other saa* vcyances, furrenders, or demifes, as in fuch contrad orcoutradf (hall be agreed on for that purpofe, and payment of the prise, at fuch time or times as (hall be agreed on, into the handsd fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be appointed for that purpofe is aforefaid, to be applied and difpofed of according to the directions of this alt, fuch conveyances, aflignmeqts, (urrenders, and demifes, (hall be good and effectual in the l^w to all intentsaod purpofes, and (hall acquit and difeharge every fuch purchaieror jeflee, his and their hcjrs, fucceffors, e*ecutors? adminiftrators,

Digitized by i^ooQle

Purchafe no* ney to be applied Adhere-to dire&cd.

Anno vicefimo feptitno Georg n III. C.23.	187

ml sffigns, as againft his Majefty, bis heirs and fucceflors, and ipt ether perioo or perlbns churning, or to claim, by, from, un-in truft for him or them, or the faid cotnmifli oners, not* fpjfailiiiiiling any rcftraint or other matter or thing contained in jRtaA, made in the firft year of the reign of her late majefty }thn» Annty intituled. An aft for tbt hotter fupport of her Ma-■wufs bmjbtld, and tf the honour and dignity of the , or any matt Jaw or ftatute whatever.

'‘Hi. And be it further enaded by the authority afore(aid,That -18 and every fum and fums of money ariiing by fucb fales or .aaotrads, or by any conveyance*, snigcments, furrenders, or tkffSfet made in purfuance thereof, of the laid mefluages or te-Jpebents and premifes fo by this ad veiled in the commiffionera the treafury as aforefaid, or of any part thereof, (hall be paid -.duo applied, in purfuance of warrants under the hands of the 'bid commifli oners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or ; snore of them, in manner following, that is to fay; in the firft •place, (or paying and diicharging all expences incurred in and tffiiqut.executing and completing fuch faie or fales as aforefaid,

«rmilling thereto refpedively, and for making compcnfctions Mpch of the perions to whom the laid houies, or any of them, iWffgtdin right of their offices, as IhaJl be thought fit ; and, nfttSfayment of fuch charges and expences, and (uch cotnpen-iMm> the fur pi us and relidue of the faid money fhall, nwm -fatto-time, be paid to tbe commiffioners appointed by or in .jffilwitL of an ad, palled in the laft feffion of parliament, ■ ha*

.jtlfrd, An aft for appointing towmdffuners to enquire Iprfmndition of tbe	woods* forefts* and land revenues belonging to fie

4mint end to Jill or	aMeuato fto-farm. and uttimprovoabU rntu

.vflftffitfane lhaH be laid out by tbe (aid commiflioners, and be tftyaftd of in like manner as the monies directed to be paid into the hank of England under or by virtue of the faid recited ad.

» (y. Saving always to all ana every perfon and perfons, their executors, and adminiftrators, and all bodies politick and dOfpanut*and their fucceflbrs, (other than and except the King’s mod excellent majefty, bis heirs and fucceflbrs), all fuch eftate,

.agkt, title, intereft, and demand whatever, which they or any efthem have, or might have had, of, in, to, or out of the faid ffitfuages or tenements and premiies, or any of them, or any >|ia thereof, before the palling of this act, as fully and effedu-Jjjh, to all intents and purpofes, as if this ad had not been mit, any thing herein contained, to the contrary notwithftand-arvd it is hereby declared to be a publick ad of parliament; Pablick ad. SM ill judges, juftices, and others, are hereby required to take i aotfce thereof as fucb, without fpecially pleading the lame.

General &v»

log.

C A P. XXIII.

Asia for railing a certain fum of money b/ loans or exchequer bills, • far the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty* fares.—For raifing s^ooroool. as prefcribed by the malt ad.

CAP.

Digitized by

Google



j&8 Anfeo vicefimo feptimo Georgia lit c. 44—16. [iy!ty

CAP. XXl V.

An aft for nrifihg * further fiuii of ittoniey* by loans or > for the fervice of the year one thoufendrfeven' hundred ,	9«5QOaoodL railed by this aft as diife&edby the malt

CAP. XXV.

An aft for tailing a further fum of money, by exchequer Service of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty Tar tarfc 1,500,0001. more as preferibed by the ttalt aft,

.	4	,	,	/	•

CAP. XXVI.

Jin ait to enable the lord bi^h , Or commijjionen of tbj'i fury for the time	being,to let to farm the granted

made in the twenty-fifth year of his prefent Majejly’s rttp horfes let to hire for travelling poji, and by timey to Jucb ferfi

Jhould be willing to tontrabi for the fame.

Preamble,	\\f HEREAS by an aiJt made anipafihd in the

reciting	VV year of the reign of bis prefent Majefty, (intituled,	AtiJ$

ajGco.3x.51. for repealing the duties on licences t&kirtbut by perfons f horfes farr the purpofe of travelling po& and on horfes , hire for travelling poflr, and by time, Md on ftage coacT for granting other duties in lieu thereof j and fclfo (duties on horfes let to hire for travelling poll, and *by tii won, anbobgfi other thingry'iina£ied, That pom and after the of Auguft, one ebonfani	fivinhundred and tighp-fivt, then

-rdifedt lrbiodt coi/emd, Wd paidy	throughout the	iing

Britain', unto and fit*- tbrvft of'bet	his heirs	and

atnang other rates and Skiies, the fevered rates and

that is to fey, Fer end in refptH of every botjl hired by i •flagr,to be uftd in travelling pofi in Great Britain, a duly penny halfpenny for every mile futb horfe jhould lit hired to and that for mod i* rtfpeft ofev&y horfe hired fof a any kfi ported of time* for drawing on dhy ptmiek toad any otheretarriagf ufed in travelling poji or otherwise, by tohatfietrt fitch carriages then were, or thereafter might to called orajtfteiii _ or in refpell whereof any rates or dirties, Then or tbentoforte uhrtrfy management of the eefnmijfumert of excife, vttre or had heed ffh. payable by any Jh&ute or fiatutes then in force, there Jheuld be cbem/C if the iifiance Jhould be then afertained, the fum of one penny Mp fenny per mite, and if the dijlance Jhould not be ajiertamed\ tM Jhould be charged the fum of one {billing end nine-pence for dhdbtm Jpo& of mh horfe fo hired; fueh duty to be paid by the perjon fins by wham Juch horfe Jhould be hired: and whereas there is grit?, reafou to believe the /aid rates and duties have been greatly evehXh we, your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament alfembled, do raoft horn* bly befeech your Majelty that it may be enafted j and be it ^

#	afted	by.	the	King’s	mod	excellent imqefty> by and with the t<|-

vice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and cotq-tqons, in this prefent parliament aflembl$d, and by the autho-

'	m

i^.} Anno ▼icefimo fcptimo Georgii III. C. 26.	189

Wof the fame. That it (hall and may be lawful, from and after From Aug. r9

*£rft day of Augujl one thoufand (even hundred and eighty- *7*7>the t«a-tt, to and for the lord high treafurer, or the commiffioners lo7arm the fa treafury, or any three or more of them, for the time be- duties grant-fag and they are hereby impowered, either by themfelvee, or ed by the fa his Majefty’s commiffioners for managing the duties onrccitedI^f yMfd vellum, parchment, and paper, thereunto duly authors*) far that purpofe, under the hand and Teal of the lord high, treafurer, or under the hands and Teals of the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three of them, for that purpofe, to let tp faro the rates and duties herein-beifore recited, to fuch perfon df prions 23 fhall be willing to farm the fame, according to> faeiWulations and in the manner berein-after preferibed.

< IL And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That Jn<* ®aT j[* if (hall and maybe lawful for the lord high treafurer, or the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, farming them.

fa fuch particular diftridls as (hall appear to them mod p?o-ttr gnd convenient, for the purpofe of farming out the faid rofafeparatcly in each diftridt to the bed advantage.

' JJf. And be it further enadled. That one month’s notice at Three fag kail (hall be given by the lord high treafurer, or commif* month's no-^of the trealury, or any three of them, or the commiffion- *^U°iiMhe managing the duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, an A Gazette of authorized by them as aforefaid, in the London Gazette* the time and . time and place of letting the faid rates and duties, fpeci- place of let-thedidricts within which it is intended to let to farm the j!®* (hedu-ilUes, and the fum at which it is propofed to put up the and alfo the place or office into which proposals for

[ the fame (hall be delivered.

No propofals

And it is hereby further enadled. That, no fuch propo- for farming I fall be proceeded on, unlefs the fame are fo delivered in at the duties to ^three days previous ro the day fo appointed in the Gazette, **

1 with the names of the parties, dating the places of their three who intend to become bidders, and Specifying the didridl days previous they intend to bid.	to the day ap-

k And be it further enadled. That the lord high treafurer, pointed, Ac. fijjfae lords commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, qr any three M<}dc °f Pro* re of them, or the commiffioners for managing the duties ^tS^upthe M oped vellum, parchment, and paper, authorized as afore- duties,

1,	ftuul let the faid rates and duties arifing within any fuch Ac. jift.as aforefaid, for any term not exceeding three years, aod fafemc (hall refpedtiveiy be put up at a rent not lefs than the ra amount which they (hall appear to have produced within tae jear ending on the firft day of Augufl one thoufand; feven 1 hundred and eighty-fix; and that the bidding for .the fame (hall bt condudted under fuch regulations as (hall be eftajblilhed for the purpofe by the lord high treafurer, or the commiffioners of tfa treafury for the time being, or any tjifee of them, or by the ^ wputuffioners for managing the duties on damped vellum, pafthtnent, and paper, duly authorized as aforefaid; and the perion who (hall be the higheft bidder ihaJl be the farmer or o	-	r* T renter

Digitized by vjjOO^IC

igo

Anno vicefimo feptimo GeoRGII 111. c. 26. [1787.*

renter of the laid rates and duties, or fuch part thereof as'llnl^ be then put up to let, for the faid term of three years, or tsM other (horter verm as may be determined on, and as (halt btfip? ferted in the Gazittey and (hall forthwith execute a contrail!

be prepared in purfuance of this aCt, and give fecurity by bjl^J

to his Majefty, his heirs and (ucceflors, with three or mortr' ficient fureties, for payment to his Majefty, his heirs andlbw ceffors, of the money or yearly rent fo contracted for, theflP rent' to be paid into the hands of the receiver general of m Majefty’s (tamp duties, at the head office of ftamps, in portions, by eight feveral payments in the year; that is to On the fifteenth of September, the firft of November, the fixte of Deeember, the firft of February, the fixteenth of Martha the* of May% the fixteenth of June, and the firft of Augujl% in cw year, unlefs any of the faid days (hall be on a Sunday, and Aw the next day thereafter 5 the firft payment thereof to comotbtt and be made on executing the faid contract, and fo contindrfc be made on every fucceeding day of payment in each yeSj during the continuance of the contract, and before the exw tion of the term for which the faid rates and duties (hall blit been fo let to farm.

SStedin VI. Prov*<*c<^ always, and be it enaCted, That in every*#? contracts,that trait which (hall be entered into in purfuance of this aft, t&b they (hall be (hall be inferted a claufe, declaring that the fame (hall be

void on any refolution made by the houfe of commons fofwit purpofe, upon fix months notice being given by the lord £|fc treafurer, or the commiflioners of the treafury, or any three# more of them, to any perfon entering into fuch contract.

VII.	And be it further enaCted, That in cafe any of theftd

void on any refolution of the commons

If the duties

of any diftrid diftriCts fo fixed on, (hall not be let to farm at the time fixedty

icTatthe^ime advertifement, for want of offers to farm the fame iridic

fixed by ad vcrtifcraent, a future day may be appointed for that purpofe.

Deputations

manner herein-before provided, the lord high treafurer, ortbe faid commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any thrcrtif them, or the commiflioners of ftamps (authorized as aforefKj) may fix fuch future day or days as they fhall judge a® proper for letting fuch diftriCts refpeClively, in the manner Hod upon the notice herein-before provided.

VIII.	And be it further enaCted, That the lord high treafireir, to &e given to or the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three of lhc **| them, or the commiflioners for managing the duties on (her11 farm^hedu-0 *cl,Ufn* parchment, and paper, authorized as aforefaid, » ties, appoint- *hy contract being entered into, and bond given as afon

(hall, and they are hereby directed and required to deliver toflie perfon or perfon* farming fuch rates and duties, and execudo; fuch contract, a deputation, commiflion, or authority, under Ac hands and feals of three or more of them, appointing fuch per-(ons to be the collectors of the faid rates and duties fo let to him or them refpeCtively as aforefaid, and authorizing fuch perfon fo farming the faid rales and duties to take fecuruies by bomb from the perfons licenfed, in the name of his Majefty, his heirs tod fucccflbrs, with fuch conditions refpeCtively as are required

Digitized by Google

ing them col leaort thereof.

1717*3 Anno viccfimo fcprimo Georgii III. c. 26.	191

fit laid recited ad, and to do, perform, and execute all and ifsh the powers, ads, matters, and things, touching the col-jfSmg, managing, or accounting for the faid rates and duties fe firmed to him or them refpedively, within and for his or tjicir diftrid, divifion, or collection, as fully and effedually as the collector or collectors, or other perfon or perfons appointed ty tbecommiflioners for managing the duties on damped vel-Ipta, parchment, or paper, under the faid recked ad, are iin-powered or authorized to do.'

IX.	And be it further cnaded. That it (hall and may be law- ferfoiis farm-fid to and for the perfon or perfons fo farming the faid rates and duties, with the confent of the commiffionei's for managing the modeofketp-Juties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, to vary the ins accounts mode of keeping the weekly account, direded by the herein- under J*" before recited ad to be kept by the fcveral perfons who let out j^or^letm * borfes to hire for travelling pod, or by time, in fuch manner as £c# an€j they (hall judge mod convenient for keeping the faid accounts ; perfons friu-aod they (hall alfo be at liberty, by any indorfement, or on the duleotly face of the tickets or certificates to be delivered by them to the fcveral licenfcd perfons, to add the name or number of the di- i0\! Arid which they (hall fo farm ; and that any perfon forging or counterfeiting the faid tickets, or aiding or amftmg therein, or uttering or publithing as true any falfe, forged, or counterfeited ticket, note, or certificate, with an intent to defraud the faid farmer or farmers of any of the faid rates or duties, (hall forfeit and pay the futn of fifty pounds, to be recovered and applied as other pecuniary penalties are by the faid herein-before recited aft direded to be recovered and applied.

X.	And be it further enaded. That all the powers, provi- Power* of tht lions, articles, claufes, penalties, forfeitures, and all other di-

regions, matters, and things, preferibed or appointed by the altered^to hid herein-before recited a<9, with relation to the faid rates and continue ip duties, or to the perfons appointed or to be appointed to colled! the periods the fame, and not hereby altered, (hall be in full force and effeCt,	the

and carried into execution by the perfon or perfops farming the du ,<f* lame, and appointed collectors thereof by the faid commiflioners of (lamps as aforefaid, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if the lame, and every of them, had feverally been re-enadted in this aS; and the faid perfons fo farming the faid rates and duties (hall have all and every the like remedies for the recovery of the money payable for, or which (hall have arifen from, the faid nuts and duties, within their rcfpeCiive diftriCts, divifions, or collections, fo farmed by them as aforefaid, as the collectors appointed by the commilfioners for managing the duties on (Umped vellum, parchipent, and paper, now are entitled to have.

XI.	And be it further enaCted, That all fecurities, bonds, or Bonds from obligations, taken by the perfon or perfons farming the faid innkeepers, rates and duties, from fuch poftmafters, innkeepers, or other t0.b\ licenfed perfpns under this or the faid recited aCt, (hall be taken

to the name of his Majelty, his heirs and fucccffors, and (hall MajeAy, &c,

and

Digitized by

Google

192

Perfoni farm*

Anno vicefimo fcptimo Georgii IIL c.2& [1787.

and may be fued and profecuted in the name of his Majefty*kil heirs or fucceffors, by and with the confcnt of his Maiefly'saft torney general in England, or advocate general in Scotland-, asI* all adions, fuits, or informations, fued or profecuted for tff penalty forfeited by virtue of this or the faid recited ad, Jhd and may be fued and profecuted in the name of his Mapj^i his heirs or fucceflors, or in the name of his Majefty’s fiud attorney general, or advocate general, refpectively, or by aaf perfon who fhall profecute or fue for the fame, in the manor in the faid recited adt directed: provided, That all adtions, ftita» or informations, fued or profecuted in the name of any fuck farmer or farmers, (hall be held and deemed to be popubr adiions, fuits, or informations, refpedtively, to all intents aid purpofes whatfoevcr.

______________   XII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefitfi

ingThe duties That it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons far#* to hive the ing the faid rates and duties as aforefaid, to have and ufe At feme reine- like remedies for the recovery thereof, againft the perfons ap> very thereof" P°*ntcd t0 receive the fame, by extent or otherwife, which may as for duties be had or ufed for any duties payable diredtly to the King's mb

Sayable to his jefty.

lajcfty.	XIII.	And, in order to prevent di/putes concerning the faid berm*

before recited duties, in cafes where the fame may be collided in m dtflriCl, divifton, or collection, and the tickets may be delivered too Duties to be- different di/triCt, divifion, or collection; be it further cna&ed, The ,25&A0.the the faid duties (hall belong, and the tickets iffued thereupon Out be returned and accounted for to the perfon or perfons rcfpe&i tively who (hall be the farmer or farmers of the fevcral dutiq ariCng within the diftrict, divifion, or collection where (tick tickets (hall have iflued, and where the poftmalters, innkeeper or other licenfed perfons ifluing the fame (hall refide; and it gatekeepers at whofe gates fuch tickets (hall be delivered, (hall return the fame to the farmer of the rates and duties Oral whofe diftriCt fuch ticket (hall have iflued, at the time and it the manner the fame are directed to be returned to the (even) collectors by the faid recited ad.

XIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That every poftmaftcr, innkeeper, or other perfon fo licenfed ^ as aforefaid, refiding in the city of London or liberty of Wtflm* ?h7h™adoffice^r> or w*lhin five miles of the head office for (tamps, or within for (tamps, or the bills of mortality, (hall bring in and deliver to the farmer or within the farmers fo appointed colledor or colledors of the (aid rates end bills of^mor- duties, the accounts directed by the faid recited ad to be deli* Nverto the " vcrcd> and (hall pav at fuch place in London ox IVeJtminfier, and farmers of the at fuch times, as (nail be appointed by publick notice in the duties the ac- London Gazette, by order of the commiffioners for managing the Cu£«d . duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, the money recited vQl ^uc on accounts; and all and every licenfed perfon, not &c.|	9	redding	within five miles of the head office of (lamps, nor within

the bills of mortality, (hall, at. the times and at the places to be mentioned at the foot of the licence granted to him, her or them,

and

diftrid from whence the tickets are, iffued.

Innkeepers, See. within .fire miles of

Digitized by

Google

17I7.] Anno viccfimafeptiroo Georgii III. c. 27.	193

and afterwards at the foot of every receipt given by the colledor for the money paid on account of the faid duties, attend, and there deliver in and pafc his accounts, and pay the duty received by him, her, or them, to the perfon fo appointed colledor but not to be thereof, under the penalty in the faid herein-bcfore recited ad |^^fj5ther directed: provided always. That no fuch licenfed perfon (hall than the be compelled to travel, for the payment of the faid duties, far- neareft mar-ther than to the market town neared to his or her habitation, bet town.

XV.	And be it further enaded, That no perfon or perfons Farmer* of farming the faid rates and duties, and appointed coiledors ^oteVo thereof (hall, in purfuance of fuch appointment, be difqualified members of from voting at any eledion or eledions of members to ferve in parliament, parliament; any law or ftatute to the contrary thereof notwith-

ftanding. .

XVI.	Provided always, That no contrad for letting the duties Duties not to

herein mentioned to farm, (hall be made with'any perfon or be farmed by perfons Jicenfed to let horfes for the purpofe of travelling port, Vt nor to any one for his or their ufe, or on his or their behalf, or	c

fo as that he or they (hall have any intereft therein, or benefit

therefrom, but that the fame (if fo made) (hall be utterly null and void; and that if any fuch contrad (hall be afligned to any perfon or perfons as aforefaid, or 10 any other perfon or perfons for his or their ufe, fo that he or they (hall have any intereft therein, or benefit therefrom, that fuch affignment (hall alfo be utterly null and void.

XVII.	And be it further enaded. That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time or times be fued, molefted, or profecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this ad, or of any daufe, matter, or thing herein contained,

fuch perfon or perfons (hall or may plead the general ifTue, and General iflue# gift the fpccial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdid (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded to him or Treble colts, them againft fuch plaintiff pr plaintiffs*

CAP. XXVII*

had far allowing the importation and exportation cf certain goods, wew, and merchandize, in the ports of Kingfton, Savannah la M*r, Montego Bay and Santa Lucea in the ijland of Jamaica, inthe port of Saint George in the ijland of Grenada, in the port ef Rofeau in the ijland of Dominica, and in the port of Naflau in the ijland of New Providence one of the Bahama ijlands9 tinier certain regtijptions and rejlrift'tons.

WH ERE AS by an aft made and pajfed in the fixth year of Preamble, the reign of bis prefent Majejiy\ intituled, An ad forfeiting opening, and eftablilhing certain ports in the ifland of Jamaica 6 and Dominica; for the more free importation and exportation of C* certain goods and merchandizes; for granting certain duties to defray the expences of opening, maintaining, fecuring, and im-Vot* XXXVI;	O	proving

Digitized by

*94

14 Gcd. J. c. 41;and a 1 Geo. 3. c. 19.

Anno vicefimo feptimo GeoRGII 111. C. 27. [1 jtf.

proving fuch ports; for afeertaining the duties to be paid upon the importation of goods from the faid ifland of Dominica into this kingdom; and for fecuring the duties upon goods imported from the faid ifland into any other Brhijb colony; and by two feveral afts, made and pafled in the fourteenth and twenty flrft yean of the reign of his prefent Majefty, the feveral ports of King^ofl» Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay and Santa Lucea in the iJUni of Jamaica, are now open for the free importation of certain net and merchandize: and whereas it is expedient that the faid ads jMi be repealed, in fo far as the fame in any wife relate to the importation or exportation of any goods, wares, or merchandize, to or from tk aforefaid ports, or any of them, or to the admiflion of any /hips 0 veflels into the faid ports, or any of them, or to any duties payable* fuch importation, exportation, or admi/fon; and that thofy ports, UK-gather with the port of Saint George in the ifland of Grenada and the port of Rofeau in the ifland of Dominica, and the poet pf Naflau in the ifland of New Providence one of the Bahama i/knit% flsould be opened under proper regulations and reftrifiions: may tt therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be'enafted ; and bek enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with At advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and con* mons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the audio* Sept. x» rity of the fame, That the faid feveral adts made and pafled i* cUed afts to" ^ fixth, fourteenth, and twenty-firft years of the reign of be repealed, as his prefent Majefty, (hall, from and after the firft day of Sep* far as they re- tember one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, be, » late to the im- the famc are hereby repealed, in fo far as the fame in any wife' exportation^ rc*atc t0 the importation or exportation of any goods, wares, 6t I of goods to merchandize, to or from the aforefaid ports, or any of them; of to the admiflion of any (hips or veflels into* the faid pom, or any of them, or to any duties payable on fuch importation, ex* portation, or admiflion.

II.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaiJ,' and from that That, from and after the faid firft day of September, wool, cor- | day, the ar- ton-wool, indigo, cochineal, drugs of all forts, cocoa, logwood,' enumerated ^U^IC> an^ f°rts wo°d for dyers ufe, hides, flrins, and tal-of the growth low, beaver, and all forts of furs, tortoife-lhell, hardwood, or of any colony mill timber, mahogany, and all other woods for cabinet wart, in America horfes, afles, mules, and cattle being the growth or produfKoo before?ctigEu- any co^onies or plantations in America, belonging to or under the dominion of any foreign European fovereign or (late, and all coin and bullion, diamonds, or precious ftones, may be imported from any of the faid colonies or plantations into the feveral ports of Kingflon, Savannah la Mar, Qfontego Bay and Santa Lucea in the ifland of Jamaica, the port of Saint George in the ifland of Grenada, the^ort of Rofeau in the ifland of Dorn* foreign Euro• nica, and the port of Naflau in the ifland of New Providence one ^exceed* of the AiAwia ifland*, in any foreign (loop, fehooner, or othef ^bV^eflel whatever, not having more than one deck, and not ex-then.	ceeding the burthen of feventy tons, and being owned andtia-

vigated by the fubjc&s of any foreigo European fovereign or1 r	* flitcj

or from the ports therein mentioned, dec.;

ropean ftate, may he imported into the ports herein mentioned, In one-decked

Digitized by

Google

17*70 Anno vkcfuBO fcptimo Gborgii III. c.

fine; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftand-



And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That, from and after the faid firft day of September, no goods, anT articles wares, or merchandize, except fuel) as are herem-before enu- ^^roted merated, (hail be imported in any fuch foreign Hoop, fchooner, fliould be im-or ydfel, whatever, from any of the colonies or plantations in ported into America belonging to or under the dominion of any foreign Eu- any of the faid Tspeem fovereign or (late, into any of the before-mentioned ports, upon any pretence whatever, upon pain of forfeiting the fame, ,&c.*o be together with the (loop, fchooner, or veflel in which the fame forfeited.

(hall be imported, and the guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture of fuch floop, fchooner, or veflelj and in every fuch cafe the fame (hall^nd may be feized by any officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms or navy, who are or (hall be authorized or impowered to make feizures in cafes of forfeiture, and fhall and may be profecuted in fuch manner as herein-after is directed. .

tV. And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afore-hid, That it fhall and may be lawful, from and after the faid Rum, negroes firft day of September, to export from any of the faid ports to g?^ds any of ^be colonies or plantations in America belonging to or fa, except * under the dominion of any foreign European fovereign or (late, mafts, &c. in *ny floop, fchooner, or other veflel whatever, owned and may be ex-' navigated by the fubjedts of any foreign European fovereign or ^e^fd^orts ftatc, not having more than one deck, and not exceeding the burthen of feventy tons, rum of the produce of any Britijb reigncolonica iflaod, and alfo negroes which (hall have been brought into the in America,m hidifhnds refpeftively in Brjtijb-built (hips, owned, navigated, one-decked and regiftered according to law, and all manner of goods, wares, ^an^ffd™" or merchandize which (hall have been legally imported into the not exceeding hidiflaods refpe&ivcly, except mafts, yards, or bowfprits, pitch, 70 tona bur-tar, turpentine and tobacco j and alfo except fuch iron as (hall •hen. have been brought from the Britijb colpnies or plantations in America \ any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

V.	Provided always, and it is hereby further ena<5led by the authority aforefaid, That if any doubt (hall arife whether fuch The legality goods, wares, or merchandize, intended to be fo exported, fhall of the impor-hife been legally imported into the faid iflands of Jamaica, Gre• uky Dominica, and New Providence refpedively, the legality of pr0vcd before loch importation fhall be made appear to the fatisfa&ion of the exportation, collcdor and comptroller, or other principal officer of the cuftoms at the port of exportation, before fuch goods, wares, or merchandize (hall be fuffered to be (hipped for exportation.

VL And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-hid, That, from and after the faid firft day of September, all The articles wool, cotton wool, indigo, cochineal, drugs of all forts, cocoa, herein enu-logwood, fuftic, and all forts of wood for dyers ufe, hides, (kins, and tallow, beaver, and all forts of furs, tortoife-fhell, ma- from Jamaica, hogany, and all other woods for cabinet ware, of the growth or See. to Great ptodu&ioa of any of the colonies or plantations in America, be- Britain or Ire-

02	longing	and» under

-

t<)6

lie regulars of II r. 2. c. 18; and 13 ar. a. c. 26; da o Geo, 3. > 10.

‘If any goods ; of the growth, See. of Europe, the E*ft Indies, &c. be exported from .Grenada, Dominica, or Bahama, to any Britifh colony in America, or the Weft Indie*, they are forfeited,with thevcflels,&c.

No duty or fee to he taken at Jamaica, &c. for any entry of foreign veflels, on penalty in fluffed by 5 Geo. 3. c. 45*

Anno vicefimo feptimo GeoROII III> C.27. [I?*] longing to or under the dominion of any foreign Evropm\ vereign or (late, (hall be allowed to be exported from the' iflands of Jamaica* Grenada, Dominica and New Provu fpectively, to Great Britain or Ireland, under the rules, tions, reftrictions, fecurities, penalties and forfeitures, larly mentioned and provided in an act of parliament, the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second,1 tuled, An aft for the encouraging and encreoftng of /hipping vigation; and in another act of parliament, made in the t fecond and twenty-third years of the reign of King G Second, intituled, An aft to prevent the planting of tobacco in, land, and for regulating the plantation trade; and in ai of parliament, made in the twentieth year of his prefent fly’s reign, intituled, An aft to allow the trade between 1 and the Britifh colonies and plantations in America and the Indies, and the Britifh fettlements on the coaf of Africa, to ried on in like manner as it is now carried on between Great and the faid colonies and fettlements; or in any of the faid a< refpedt to the goods, wares, or merchandize therein eaui or deferibed.

VII.	And it is hereby further enaQed by the authority faid, That, from and after the faid firft d*y of Septi goods or commodities whatever, of the growth, produi manufacture of Europe, or the Eaft Indies, or other pi yond the Cape of Good Hope> (hall, upon any pretence wl be exported from the iflands of Grenada or Dominica, or the Bahama iflands, to any other Britifh colony or plantati America, or the Weft Indies, upon pain of forfeiting fuch or commodities, together with the (hip or veflel in whs fame fhall be fo exported, and the guns, tackle, apparel-furniture, of fuch (hip or veflel; and in every fuch cafe fame (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of cuftoms or navy, who are or (hall be authorized and impon fo make feizures in cafes of forfeiture; and (hall and profecuted in fuch manner as herein-after is directed.

VIII.	And it is hereby further enacted by the authority^ faid, That no duty of gunpowder, nor any fee or reward *1 ever, fhall be demanded, taken, or received, by any offid officers whatever in the faid iflands of Jamaica, Grenada, ft nica and New Providence refpectively, for any entry, coqf clearance or paflport, for any foreign ihip or veflel, or for goods, wares or merchandize, imported into or exported! the faid iflands refpectively, in fuch foreign (hips or veflels, der the like pains and penalties as are inflicted upon ofi exacting or receiving greater fees than are allowed by aft made in the fifth year of the reign of his. prefent Majefty, \ tuled, An aft for more effiftually fauring and encouraging the I of his Majifiy's American dominions; for repealing the inlanii oh coffee impofei by an aft made in the thirty fecond year of bis majefly King George the Second, and for granting an inland M all coffee imported, (except coffee of the growth of the Britifh h

Digitized by

Anno vicefimo fcptimo Georoii III. c. 28.

mm in America) 5 for altering the bounties and drawbacks upon ffigars exported; far repealing part of an aft made in the twenty-Mrdyear of bis jaid late Majefty, whereby bar* iron made in the /aid dominions was prohibited to be exported from Great Britain, or car-read csaftudfe; and for regulating the fees of the officers of the tujloms in the jaid dominions.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That ail penalties and forfeitures impofed by this a<5t lhall and may be refpetftively pro fee u ted, fued for, recovered, and divided. in Great Britain, Guernfey, Jerfey, or the [fie of Man, or in any of his Majefty’s colonies or iflands in America, in the fame manner and form, and by the fame rules and regulations, in all refpeds, as any other penalties and forfeitures impofed by any ad or afts of parliament made for the fecurity of the revenue of the cuftoras, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, or for the regulation of trade or navigation, and which were in force immediately before the paffing of this ad, may be refpec-tive/y profecuted, fued for, recovered, and divided, in Great Britain, Guemfey, Jerfey, or the Ifle of Man, or in any of his Maiefty’s colonies or iflands in America*

A. And it is hereby further ena&ed, That this ad (hall continue in force to the firft day of September one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament,

CAP. XXVIII.

Jn 08 for granting to bis Majefty certain duties on glafs imported into Great Britain, and for altering the mode of charging the duties on glafs made in Great Britain.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain duties fbould be granted on glafs imported into Great Britain from the European dominions of the French king; in order to countervail the internal defies payable on the manufacture thereof in this kingdom; and alfo certain additional duties on glafs imported from other parts, and that further provifton fbould be made for charging the duties on glafs made in Great Britain; we, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament aftem-bled, do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be en-tfted; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice apd confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the tenth day of May one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feyen, there lhall be raifed, levied, colleded, and paid unto his Majefty, his hein and fucceffors, over and above all other duties due and payable upon all glafs which fhall be imported into Great Bri-fan diredly from any of the European dominions of the French

P3



How penalties are to be recovered and divided.

A<ft to continue in force to Sept. 1,1792, and tothe end of the next feffioa.

Preamble*

From May io, 1787,the fol-lowingduties are to be paid on the importation of glafs, over and abovethepre* fent duties*

Digitized by

Google

*9$	Arino	vicefimo	feptimd	GEORiSii	lit.	C.	4§.	[1787.

king, or from any other place whatfoever, the feveral inland duties following; that is to fay:

For every For every fquare foot, fuperficial meafure, of French plate fauare foot of giafSj which (hall be imported as aforefaid, the fum of one (hil-gUf8^8?5dC. ^nS an(* five“Pence halfpenny; and fo in proportion for aq.	*	greater	or	Idler	quantity:

Foreverycwt, For every hundred weight of French flint glafs, or Frinth ^f^re&Chflint ename^> Gained, or pafte glafs, or French phial glafs, which (hill g a 9, &c. 1. 5nr,p0rted as aforefaid, the fum of one pound and nine (MI-9 #	lings; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity;

Foreverycwt. For every hundred weight of FteHch fpredd window «aft, F<fn?hf commonly called Broad Glafs> which (hall be imported as atore-83?xd5a89	r^e fum crght (hillings and one penny; and Sfo id 'pro-

portion for any greater or Tefler quantity:

Foreverycwt. For every hundred weight of other French window glafs (not of French being fpread glafs), whether fla(hed or otherwife manufadhired, crown, or an(] commonjy called or known either by the name of Gretok glafsTi^s.iod. Glafs or of German Sheet Glafs, which (hall be imported as aforefaid, the fum of nineteen (hillings and ten-pence; and fo id proportion for any greater or lefler quantity: tor every cwt.	For every hundred weight of French bottles (not being phials)

ofFrenchbot- which (hall contain more or lefs than a quart, which (hall bfe ties, 48. od. imported as aforefaid, the fum of four (hillings and one half-Foreverycwt. Penny> and fo m proportion for any greater or lefler quantity: of plate glafs, For every hundred weight of plate 'glafs, and all other glaft or other glafs manufactures, npt otherwife particularly epum'erated or deferib-not otherwife C(^ which (hall ne imported as aforefaid, the fum of one pound “ c * and eight (hillings; and fo in proportion for any greater or Duties to be lefler quantity; the faid feveral duties upon glafs to be paid by paid by the the importer thereof before the landing thereof, importer.

Duties to be under the management of the com-miffioners of excife in England and Scotland refpcc-tively.

Duties to be parried to the confolidated fund.

b7Qco.3x.13.

II. And be it further enafted by'the authority aforefaid. That fuch of the duties by this adt impofed as (hall arife in England, (hall be under the management of the commiflioners of excife in England for the time being; and fuch thereof as (hall arife in Scotland, (hall be under the management of the commiflibtier* of excife in Scotland for the time being.

I'll. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That the faid duties hereby granted (hall be carried to, ana made part of the fund called The Confolidated Fund, created by an a<3 made in this feflion of parliament, (intituled. An aflfot repealing the feveral duties of cujloms and excife, and granting other duties in lieu thereof; and for applying the faid duties, together with the other duties compofmg the puhlick revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufaflure of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom \ and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the parent of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt), and (hall be iflued and applied to the fame ufes

an<J

Digitized by

i99

Anno vice&no feptimo Georgn III. c. a8.

aod purpofes as the duties which conftitute the faid fund are diredtcd to be iflued and applied.

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the tenth day of May one tboufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, there (hall be paid the following drawbacks for and upon all glafs which (hall be made in Great Britain^ and exported as merchandize to foreign parts ; that is to lay,

for every iquare foot, fuperficial mcafure, of plate glafs, which (hall be made in Great Britain from , materials or metal or other prepartions for which the duties by the faid above recited a ft, made in this fcfiion of parliament, impofed in refpedt thereof, (hall have been paid, and exported as merchandize to foreign parts, the fum of one (hilling and five-pence halfpenny j and lo in proportion for any greater or lefier quantity:

For every hundred weight of flint glafs, or enamelled, ftained, or pafte glafs, or phial glafs, which (hall be made in Great Bri-tain from materials or metal or other preparations for which the duties by the faid adt, made in this feflion of parliament, impofed in refpedt thereof, (hall have been paid, and exported as merchandize to foreign parts, the fum of one pound and nine (hillings; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefier quantity: For every hundred weight of fpread window glafs (commonly called or known by the name of Broad Glafs) which (hall be mode in Great Britain from materials or metal or other preparations for which the duties by the faid adt impofed, in refpedt thereof, (hall have been paid, and exported as merchandize to foreign parts, the fum of eight (hillings and one penny; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefier quantity:

For every hundred weight of all other window glafs, (not being fpread glafs), whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the name of Crown Gkfsy or of German Sheet Glafsy which (hall be made in Great Britain from materials or metal or other preparations for which the duties by the faid adt impofed, in refpedt thereof, (hall have been paid, and exported as merchandize to foreign parts, the fam of nineteen (hillings and ten* pence; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefier quantity:

For every hundred weight of common bottles, (the fame not being phials), and of veflels made ufe of in chemical laboratories, and of garden glades, and of all other veflels or utenfils made of common bottle metal, which (hall be made in Great Britain from materials or metal or other preparations for which the duties by the faid adt impofed, in refpedt thereof, (hall have been paid, and exported as merchandize to foreign parts, the fom of four (hillings and one halfpenny; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefier quantity;

Which faid drawbacks (hall be paid and allowed out of the duties of cxctfe by the laid adt made, in this feflion of parliament

Q 4	impofed,

Digitized by Google

From May 10, 1787, the following drawbacks to be paid on the exportation of glafs made in Great Bri* tain, viz.

For every fquare foot of plate glafs, is. $d. aq.

For every cwt.

of flint glafij, &c. si. 9*.

For every cwt. of broad glaft, 8s. zd.

For every cwt. of crown or German <heet glafs, &c. 19s. xod.

For every cwt. of common bottles, 48* od. aq.

How drawbacks are to be paid.

209	* Anno vicefimo feptimo GeoRGII III. c. 28. Xf^7*

impofed, under, fubjed, and according to the rules, regulations, reftridions, and provifions, contained and provided in and by an ad, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prerent Majefty, (intituled, An aft to limit a lime for the repaymat of the duties on male fervanti and carriages by the commijfionenf excife; and alfo on horfesy waggons, wains, and carts> by the commf-fioners of Jlarqps i ond for the amendment of feveral laws relating t» the duties under the management of the commijfioners of excife), Concerning the exportation of glafs.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That in lieu of the duty of excife, now chargeable and payable for or in refped of any materials or metal or other preparation! made ufe of in Great Britain, in the making of caft< plate gWi, there (hall be paid to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, at and after the rate of one pound one (hilling and five-pence half*

every cwt. of penny per hundred weight for all caft plate glafs which (hall he roade^^Great mac*c *n Great Britain, and which (hail be fquared into plates Britain of the a fuperficies not lefs than one thoufand four hundred and eighty-five inches, and of a thicknefs according to their fuperficies, as herein-after mentioned and deferibed.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefiid,

Of what pro- That the thicknefs of all fuch caft plates of glafs (hall be as Plorfi°nicJfown herein-after is mentioned ; that is to fay. Ten twentieth partial ~	an	at	t^c	jeaft	jn	thicknefs>	if the fuperficial conteot of

fuch plate (hall be fix thoufand one hundred and forty-fovea fquare inches, and upwards; nine twentieth parts of an inchat the leaft in thicknefs, if the fuperficial content of fuchpUte dial! be under fix thoufand one hundred and forty-feyen, and not lefs than five thoufand two hundred and fifteen fqoate inches; eight twentieth parts of an inch at the leaft in thickneft, if the fuperficial content of fuch plate (hall be under five thoufand two hundred and fifteen, and not lefs than four thoufand two hundred and eighty-two fquare inches; feven twentieth parts of an inch at the leaft in thicknefs, if the fuperficial content of fuch plate (hall be under four thoufand two hundred and eighty-two, and not lefs than three thoufand three hundred and fifty fquare inches; fix twentieth parts of an inch at the leaft in thicknefs, if the fuperficial content of fuch plate (hall be under three thoufand three hundred and fifty, and not lefs than two thoufand four hundred and feventeen fquare inches; and five twentieth parts of an inch at the leaft in thicknefs, if the fuper-ficial content (hall be under two thoufand four hundred and

In lieu of the prefent duty of excife, there (hall be paid at the rate of il. is. id. iq. for

dimlntiohs herein described,

plate glafs mu ft be iq thicknefs to }ts fuperficial contents.

feventeen, and not lefs than one thoufand four hundred and Cighty-five fquare,inches.

.	.	.	VII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

hrtentioTi to That anc* every maker and makers of caft plate glafs (hall, draw caft before he, (he, or they (hall begin to draw any caft plate glafs plate glafs out out of his, her, or their annealing arch, give to the officer of of the anneal- Cxcife, under whofe furvey fuch maker or makers (hall then be, Ilf enTo the ^1X ^ours not,cc in‘writing, within the limits of the chief office officer, &c. of excife in London, and twelve hours nQtiqe in writing in otl^r ...........................	-	places

Google

aot

1787.] Anno Vicefimo feptimo Georgii III. c.

places in Gnat Britain, of his, her, or their intention to draw my aft plate glafs out of his, her, or their annealing arch; and foch officer (hall attend to fee fuch cart plate glafs drawn out of the annealing arch; and fuch maker or makers (hall immediately, on any fuch caft plate glafs being fo drawn out of the annealing arch in the prefence of fuch officer, proceed to fquare all fuch oft plate glafs; and fuch caft plate glafs, immedjately 00 the lame being fo fquared, (hall, together with the cullett arifiog from the fquaring thereof, be weighed in the pretence of foch officer; and if any fuch maker or makers (hall begin to draw from his, her, or their annealing arch, any fuch caft plate glafs without giving fuch notice as is in that behalf herein* before dire&ed to be given, he, (he, or they (hall, for each and' every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds: provided al- Penalty oa ways, That if any fuch maker or makers, having given any fuch nfg,ed* notice as aforefaid, (hall not begin and proceed to draw out of fucb his, her, or their annealing arch all the caft plate glafs by him, the** her, or them then intended to be drawn out of fuch annealing annealing arch at the time mentioned in fuch notice, or within one hour arch within after fuch time, then fuch notice (hall be void ; and fuch maker one hour of or makers (hall give the like and a fre(h notice to fuch officer of the time when fuch caft plate glafs is intended to be drawn notice, it it from fach annealing arch.	void.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

That if any fuch maker or makers (hall negledt or refufe to If glafs be not fquare in the prefence of fuch officer, any fuch caft plate glafs Squared and immediately on the fame being fo drawn out of the annealing jJcfai? dired-arch, or (hall negled or refufe to weigh any fuch caft plate glafs e(j, the officer immediately on the fame being fquared, together with the cul- to charge the lett arifing from the fquaring thereof, in the prefence of fuch duty thereon officer as aforefaid, fuch officer (hall, in each and every fuch Tdffa cafe, charge fuch maker or makers with a duty of excife at and for every cwt! after the rate of one pound one (hilling and five-pence half- of the mate** penny for each and every hundred weight of the metal, mate- rials; rials, and other preparations made ufe of in the making of fuch caft plate glafs.

IX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That if at any time any plate or plates of caft plate glafs, toge- at which rate ther with the cullett cut off in fquaring fuch plate or plates, be is to make (hall not weigh two thirds of the grofs gauge weight which the thc^mScrials materials or metal, or other preparations from whence the fame crerycafe (hall be produced, gauged in the founding or melting pot or where the pots, after the fame was or were fkimmed, the deficiency fhall plates do not be deemed and taken to have been fraudulently conveyed away 5 and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the officer, under ^jghtof vhofe furvey fuch maker or makers (hall be, to charge fuch fach mate-maker or makers for the quantity fo being deficient with a duty rials, of excife at and after the rate of one pound one (hilling and five-pence halfpenny for every hundred weight of the metal, materials, and other preparations made ufe of in thp making of Such caft plate glaf§.

*ibi

All caft plate glafs not fquared into plates, to be broken into fmall pieces, on penalty of 50I.

If caft plate glaft be removed before th$ duty is charged,the maker to forfeit 50I. and the glafs.



An account to be kept by the maker of the watte of the materials in making thp forts of glafs herein enumerated,from

July i, 1787, till Jan. r, 178S, Ac.

Duties to be raifed, Ac. as directed by any a<fti now

Anno ticefiiito feptimo Georgii III. c. 28. [178

X.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Th all and every maker and makers of caft plate glafs (hall ban into fmall pieces, to the fati&faCtion of the officer of excife upd whofe furvey fuch maker or makers (hall be, immediately up being requeued fo to do by fueft officer, all call plate and 1 cullett which (hall not be fquared into plates according tod directions of this aCt, fo as to render fuch glafs and cullett usl for any purpofe but that of re~melting; and if any fuch mak or makers (hall negleCt or refufe fo to do, he, (he, or they flu! for each and every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pound

XI.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Tl no maker or makerfc of caft plate glafs (hall remove, carry, fend away, or fuller to be removed, carried, or fent away fro the glafs houfe in which the fame (hall be made, any caft pla glafs by him, her, or them made, until the proper officer & have taken an account thereof, and the duty impofed for or refpeCt thereof (hall have been duly charged, upon pain of fa feiting the fum of fifty pounds for every fuch offence; and a fuch glafs which (hail be removed or fent away contrary tod directions of this aCt (hall be forfeited, together with thepackaj containing the fame, and (hall and may be feized by any offic or officers of excife.

XII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority afordai That every maker or manufacturer of any plate, flint, doaou ftained, or pafte glafs, or of fpread window glafs, common called Broad Glafs, or of window glafs, (not being fpread giafr whether flafhed, or otherwife manufactured, commonly cal) Crown Glafs or German Shut Glafs, or of common bottles veffels made ufe of in chemical laboratories, or of garden glafl or any other vefiel or veflels made of common bottle metal, lha from and after the firft day of July one thoufand feven hundr and eighry-feven, and until the firft day of January which (h be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred 1 eighty-eight, keep an exaCt and diftinCt account of the real wi of all materials, metal, or other preparations, which (hall froi time to time arife or be incurred in the making or manufaA* ing any of the forts of glafs hercin-before enumerated; and th within fix weeks after the firft day of January one thoufii feven hundred and eighty-eight, fuch maker or manufa&ui (hall tranfmit a copy of fuch account to the comipiffionert excife in England and Scotland refpe&ively; which account (h be verified upon oath by fuch maker or manufacturer, or ‘ or her chief workman or fervant, before any one or more of faid commiffioners refpeCtivcly, or before the collector or fup< vifor of excife of the collection or difiriCt in which fuch mat pr manufacturer (hall refidc.

XIII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefai That the feveral and refpeCtive duties by this aCt impofed (ha from time to tiope, be raifed, received, levied, recovered, ai fecured, by fuch ways and means, and under fuch managemed and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and with fu$h power

of

Digitized by Google

t/8;.] Ahiio vicefimo ftptimo Georgii III. c. 29.	203

of adjudging and mitigating penalties and forfeitures, and with in force con* fuch other powers, and fubjeft to fuch allowances, drawbacks, cerning the rufes, and directions, and in fuch methods, manner, and form, °n as by any aft or afts of parliament flow in force concerning the *Ul8, c* duties impofed for or in refpeft of the materials, metal, or other preparations knade ufe of in the making of glafs, or for or in refpeft of the paying or allowing a drawback upon glafs, is directed or pnefcribed; and that the faid aft and afts, and all the claufes, penalties, forfeitures, powers, authorities, rules, direc* tioos, matters, and things, therein contained, for the railing, receiving, levying, recovering, fecuring, or paying the faid duties To impofed, for or in refpeft of the materials or metal, or other preparations made ufe of in the making of glafs, or for or in refpeft of the paying or allowing any drawback upon glafs, are and (hall be continued, praftifed, and put in execution, for railing, receiving, levying, recovering, fecuring, and paying, the duties upon cad plate glafs by this aft impofed, as fully and effeftua 11y9 to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were particularly repeated and re-enafted in this aft.

Xtv. And be Tt further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any aftion or fuit (hall be brought or commenced agaiqft LimUatioii any pcrlbn or perfons for any thing by him or theip done in °* actions, purfuance of this aft, fuch aftion or fuit (hall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and (hall be hid in the proper county, and the defendant or defendants in fuch aftion or fuit may plead the general iffue, and give General ifliie. this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdift (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become non-fuited, or difeontinue his, her, or their aftion or profecution, or judgement (hall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demprrer or otKerwife, th$n fuch defendant or defendants (hall _ have treble coRs awarded to him, her, or them, againft fuch Treble cofts. plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXIX.

An 08 for obviating objections to the competency of witnejfes in certain cafes.

TITHE RE AS by divers afts of parliament pecuniary penalties Preamble;

W inflicted for certain offences, or parts of Juch penalties, are directed to be applied for or to the ufe of the poor of the parifhes%

UwnJbipSy or fllaces^ within which fuch offences were committed: end whereas, m divers of fuch cafes, the parijhioners or inhabitants of [mb parijhesy townjhips, or places, are not admiffible witnejfes to provt the perpetration of fuch offences within fuch parifhes, townjhips, ir platesy by reafon whereof it has been found difficult to bring offien-dm to juflice; be it enafted by the King’s molt excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual 'and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affem*

Wed, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after From Aug. 1,

'	•	f	rooalp	the	1787,	the	in-'

Digitized by V^OOglC

204

habitant of any place to be a'competent wjtocfs to prove an offence, tho* the place may be benefited by the conviction of the offender.

nnlefs the penalty exceed sol.

Anno vicefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 30,	[‘78^

the fir (I day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and eighty feven, the inhabitants of every parifli, townfhip, or place, (ha be deemed and taken to be competent witneffes for the purpoi of proving the commiffion of any offence within the limits o fuch parilh, tQwnJhip, or place, notwithdanding the penalt incurred by fuch offence, or any part thereof, is or may b given or applicable to the poor of fuch parilh, town (hip, o place, or otherwife, for the benefit or ufe, or in aid or exone ration of fuch parilh, townfhip, or place.

II. Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority aftkt faid. That nothing in this a& contained (hall extend to an action or proceeding in which the penalty or penalties to be rc covered (hall exceed the fum of twenty pounds*

CAP. XXX.

An aft for laying additional duties upon licences to be talen out I perfons dealing by retail in fpirituous liquors.

Mod gracious Sovereign,

Preamble.

From July 5, 1787, the following additional duties to be paid on licences for retailing fpi-rituous liquors, viz.

WHEREAS it is expedient that additional duties JbsuU i paid by all perfons who fhall take out licences to deal by ret* in fpirituous liquors, we, your Majedy’s moll dutiful and loya fubjecls, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament aflem bled, do mod humbly befeech your Majefty that it may b cnadtedj and be it enadted by the King’s mod excellent ms jedy, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritw and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affctD bled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and aftc the fifth day of July, one thpqfand feven hundred and eighty feven, there (hall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, unt and for the ufe of his Majedy, his heirs and fucceflbrs, th feveral and refpedtive Turns following, for and upon all licena to be taken- out annually, in manrier herein-after mentipnec by all perfons who (hall retail any didilled fpirituous liquors drong waters within Great Britain; that is to fay.

si. 8s. if the Every perfon who (hall retail any didilled fpirituous liqooi

rent of the re- or drong waters within Great Britain, (hall (over and b< !???[*» fides any licence or licences to which fuch pettfon was liab

& be nd r any

ijV. Un Cr at an^ immediately before the eleventh day of May, one thoi fand feven hundred and eighty-feven) take out a licence, aa pay for the fame the fum of two pounds and eight (hillings, the dwelling-houfe in which fuch perfon (hall refide, or rcu fuch didilled fpirituous liquors or drong waters at the time taking out fuch licence, (hall not, together with the office courts, yards, and gardens therewith occupied, be rated, undi the authority of an a£t made in the nineteenth year of the reig of his prefent Majedy for impofing duties on inhabited houfe. at a rent of fifteen pounds per annum or upwards: at. 16s. if If fuch dwelling-houfe (hall, together with the offices, courts, di »eidUn* yards? gardens, therewith occupied, be rated a$ aforefaid

Digitized by

Google

17I7] Anno vicefimo feptimo GfeoRGii III. c. 30.

at fifteen pounds per annum or upwards, and under twenty ponds, then fuch perfon or perfons (hall take out a licence as dbrdaid, and pay for the fame the fum of two pounds and fix-tteo (hillings:

If (bch dwelling-houfe (hall, together with the offices, courts, 3!* if the yards, and gardens, therewith occupied, be rated as aforefaid j^Mdcr* at twenty pounds per annum, or upwards, and under twenty-five pounds, then fuch perfon or perfons (hall take out a licence as aforefaid, and pay for the fame the fum of three pounds and four (hillings:

If fuch dwelling-houfe (hall, together with the offices, courts, jl. ns. if ajL yards, and gardens, therewith occupied, be rated as aforefaid and under jot at twenty-five pounds per annum, or upwards, and under thirty pounds, then fuch perfon or perfons (halKtake out a licence as aforefaid, and pay for the fame the fum of three pounds and twelve (hillings:

If fuch dwelling-houfe (hall, together with *he offices, courts, 4l. if 30I. and yards, and gardens, therewith occupied, be rated as aforefaid un<icr 4ot at thirty pounds per annum, or upwards, and under forty pounds, then fuch perfon or perfons (hall take out a licence as aforefaid, and pay for the fame the fum of four pounds:

If fuch dwelling-houfe (hall, together with the offices, courts, 4I. if 40U yards, and gardens, therewith occupied, be rated as aforefaid and under jot at forty pounds per annum, or upwards, and under fifty pounds, then fiich perfon or perfons (hall take out a licence as afore-:

(aid, and pay for the fame the fum of four pounds and eight (hillings:

And if fuch dwelling-houfe (hall, together with the offices, 4I. ids. ifjoL courts, yards, and gardens, therewith occupied, be rated as oruPwar(,i* aforefaid at fifty pounds per annum, or upwards, then fuch per-fbn or perfons (hall take out a licence as aforefaid, and pay for the lame the fum of four pounds and fixteen (hillings.

II. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That every perfon who (hall take out fuch licence as aforefaid, (hall immediately pay down one eighth part of the money hereby direded to be paid for fuch licence fo to be taken out as aforefaid, and (hall, at the end of every fix weeks, to be reckoned from the time of taking out fuch licence, pay down another eighth part of the money to be paid for fuch licence until the whole of the money hereby directed to be paid for fuch licence (hall be paid.

HI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any fuch licence (hall be taken out within the limits of the chief office of excife in London, the fame (hall be granted under the hands and feals of two or more of the commillioners of excife for the time being, or of fuch perfon or perfons as the laid commifliohers of excife, or the major part of them for the time being, (hall, from time to time, appoint for that purpofe; and the faid feveral and refpedive duties (hall be paid at the chief office of excife in London \ but if any fuch licence (hall be

taken

Mode of paying for licences.

Digitized by

Google

Who are to grant licences, and to whom the duties for the fame are to be paid.



&o&	Anno	vicefimo	feptimo	GeoRGII	HI.	c.	30.	[1787*

taken out in that part of Great Britain called England not within the faid limits, the fame (hall be granted under the hands and feals of the fevera) collectors and fupervifors of excife, within their refpe&ive collections and diftriCis; and the faid fevers! and refpeCtive duties (hall be paid for the fame to the collector of excife within whofe collection fiich licence (hall be lo granU ed; and that in cafe any fuch licence (hall be taken out within the limits of the city of Edinburgh, the fame (hall be granted under the h?nds and feals of two or more of the commiffiooere of excife in Scotland for the time being, or of fuch perfon or perfons as the commiflloners of excife in Scotland, or the major part of them for the time being, (hall from time to time appoint for that purpofe; and the feveral and reipeCtive duties for the fame (hall be paid at the chief office of excife in Edinburgh \ or if any fuch licence (hall be taken out in that part of Groat Britain called Scotland without the faid limits of the city of Edm-burgh, then the fame (hall be granted under the hands and feals of the feveral collectors and fupervifors of excife in Scotland, within their refpeCtive collections and diftriCts; and the feverel and refpeCtive duties for the fame (hall be paid to the colleger of excife within whofe collection fuch licence (hall be (b grant* ed; and fuch refpeCtive commiffioners of excife, or two or more of them refpeCtively, and the perfons fo to be appointed bf them refpeCtively, or the major part of them refpeCtively, and alfo all fuch collectors and fupervifors, are hereby refpe&ivdy authorized and required to grant fuch licences to the perioot who (hall apply for the fame, upon payment of one eighth part of the money hereby directed to be paid for the fame, in manner herein-before directed.

IV. And be it further enaCted by the authority afordaid» Licences to	That no perfon or perfons (hall retail any diddled fpirituoos

be renewed	liquors or ftrong waters, after the expiration of twelve months

yearly. from tjie tjmc Qf taking out any fuch licence as aforefaid, unlefs fuch perfon or perfons (hall take out frefh licences, in the manner herein*before directed, ten days at lead before the expiration of twelve months from the time of taking out fuch former Perfons re- licence, and fo in like manner from vear to year j and that if tailing fpiri- any perfon or perfons (hall, after the laid fifth day of July, one without*}!-™ t^0U^ncJ fcven hundred and eighty-feven, retail any difiiBed cence, or not fpirituous liquors or firong waters, without fird taking out fiich paying the licence, and renewing the fame yearly, in manner aforefaid $ duty for the or if default (hall be made in payment of any fum or fums of felt 100? f°r" money hereby directed to be paid for any fuch licence, the perfon or perfons in that behalf offending (hall, for every inch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds: provided al-One licence ways, That perfons retailing didilled fpirituous liquors or ftrong fuffiaent for Waters, in partnerthip in one houfe or (hop only, (hall not be fo^one^oufe. obNged to take out more than one fuch licence, in any one year, Licence not ^or retailing didilled fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters; and to huthorize that no one licence, which (hall be granted by virtue of this

the fale of a&, (hall authorize or impower anv perfon or perfons, to* whom

liquors in any	m	.u-



Digitized by v^ooQle

] Ahfio vicefimo feptimo GeorOU III. c. 30.

me (hall be granted, to retail diftilled fpirituous liquors «g waters in any other place than the houfes or places n he, (he, or they, did retail diftilled fpirituous liquors ng waters at the time of granting fuch licence. fad, for the better colle fling, raifing, levying, and feinting, its ij this afl impofed upon licence: as aforefaid, be it further d by the authority aforefaid, That fuch of the faid duties t charged upon fuch licences in England, Wales, or the of Berwick upon Tweed, (hall be under the management commiflioners and officers of his Majefty’s revenue of in England for the time being; and fuch of the faid duties charged upon fuch licences in Scotland, (hall be under the jement of the commiflioners and officers of excife in Scot-it Ac time being.

r And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, all and every the powers, authorities, directions, rules, Kh, penalties and forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, t in and by an aft, made in the twelfth year of the reign igGkrfcj the Second, (intituled, An afl for taking away rt 1/wards and liveries, and tenures in Capite, and by knights , and purveyance, and for fettlingm revenue upon his Majejly thereof;) or by any other law now in force relating to his ty’a revenues of excife, or inland duties under the ma« Mt-of the commiflioners of excife, are provided, fettled, Waved, for fecuring, enforcing, managing, raifmg, levy* loHcffing, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, ertaining the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for tting, detefting, and punifhing frauds relating thereto, than in fuch cafes for which other penalties or provifions efcribed by this aft, (hall be exercifed, praftifed, applied, and put in execution, in and for the managing, railing, ig, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, afeertaining, recoil, and paying the feveral duties hereby granted, as fully fednally, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every id powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penal* forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things were particularly, ted and again enafted in this prefent aft.

L And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, all fines, penalties, and forfeitures impofed by this aft, be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by fuch ways, s, and methods as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture is or tie fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law its of excife, or by aftion of debt, plaint, or information, lyof his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminfler, or in the tofexchequcr in Scotland, refpeftively; and that one moiety ery fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture (hall be to his Majefty, tears and fuccefiors, and the other moiety to him or them Avail difeover, inform, or fue for the fame.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, t all the money nrifing by the duties by this aft impofed 1 licences as aforefaid (the neceflary charges of raifing and

accounting

207

other houfc than the one for which it wai granted.

Duties to be under the management of the commiflioners of excife in England and Scotland rcfpcc-tively.

Powers of any atfs now in force relating to the reve; nues of exdfe to extend to this aft.

HovJ penalties are to be recovered and divided.

Duties to be paid into the exchequer, and carried to

208	Anno	vicefimo feprimo Georgii III, c. 31. [1787.

the confoli- accounting for the fame excepted) (hall, from time to time* be dated fund, paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at Weflmnfitr\ and the faid money, fo paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as aforefaid, (hall be carried to, and made part of the fund called, The Confolidated Fund•

IX. And be it further enadted by the authority aforelai^ Limitation of That if any adtion or fuit (hall be brought or commenced againft adtions. any perfon or perfons for any thing by him or them done i^ purfuance of this adf, fuch ^dlion or fuit (hall be commeocei within three months next after the matter or thing done, and (hall be laid in the proper county; and the defendant or do* General iflue. fendants in fuch adtion or fuit may plead the general iffue, and give this adt and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdidt (hall pals for tig defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff* or plaintiffs (hall be* come nonfuited, or difeontinue his, her, or their adlion or pro* fecution, or judgement (hall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendant* Treble cofts. (hall have treble cofts awarded to him, her, or them, againft. fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXXI.

An aft for making allowances to the dealers in foreign wines for fie pek of certain foreign wines in their poffeffion, at a certain tim, upon which the duties on importation have been paid ; and fee amending feveral laws relative to the revenue of excife.

Preamble. ‘TTTTHEREAS by an a ft made in this fejfion of parliament, is* »7 Geo. 3. V V tituled, An adt for repealing the feveral duties of caAoou c. 13, recited, and excife, and granting other duties in lieu thereof; and fix applying the faid duties, together with the other duties compof* ing the publick revenue; and For permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or mann* fadture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remain* ing in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the redudlion of the national debt 5 the duties of excifcy and ether duties under the management of the commijjioners of excife in England and Scotland refpeftively, except as therein is exceptel, arercpiM, and other duties are impofed in lieu thereof: and whereas the dntitt upon feveral fpecies of foreign winey which were repealed by the Jell cl7, were considerably higher than the duties by that aft imbejed k lieu thereof: and whereas it is expedient to make to the dealers dt foreign wine an allowance for fuch Portugal, Spanilh, and Frcndt wines which Jhall be in their flocks between the ninth and fifteenth days of May one tboufand feven hundred and eighty-feveny and fee which all the duties payable for or in refpeft thereof Jhall be proved t$ lave been duly paid; be it therefore enadted by the King’s atoft excellent maiefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it

(fall

Digitized by

ijfyO Artno vicefimo feptimo GEotait tit. c. 31.	209

(toll and may be lawful to and for the commiflioners of cxcife Out of the ib England and Scotland refpeCtively, or the major part of them duties on fo-iWpedivcly, within the fimifs of the chief offices of cxcife in rfiKn union and Edinburgh refpedtively, and for the collectors of ex- [^recited rife in any other part of Great Britain within their refpeCiive aCt, are robe tfolk&ions, to pay, out of the monies in their hands arifing paid to the front the duties of excife upon foreign wine, by the faid a« dealers in *3de in this feflion of parliament impofed, to any dealer or [heir^ockbe-Aalers in foreign wine, for fuch Portugal9 Spanijb, or French tween May 9 wine as (hall be in the (lock of fuch dealer or dealers refpec- and is, the . tffdy, between the faid ninth and fifteenth days of May, and fum8 follower which aFl fhe duties impofed for or in refpeCl thereof (hall in8> flx# be proved to have been paid, the feveral fums of money following ; that is to fay.

For every ton containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of French of French wine, having been imported into the port of London, wine important! which /hall be fo in (lock, forty-nine pounds and four-cd into the n+nsm .	port of Lon-

pCUvC«	|	j

For every ton containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons p’494 * of Portugal or Spanijb wine, having been imported into the port ofPort^Jal or of London, and which (hall be	fo	in	(lock,	fourteen	pounds	nine Spnnilh wine

(hillings and ten-pence:	fo imported.

For every ton containing	two	hundred	and	fifty-two	gal- Ml* ***•

ton* of French wine, having been imported into any port of For every ton Great Britain, except the port of London, and which (hall be of.Fr*nch fe m (lock, forty-eight pounds feventeen (hillings and three-	*

fence:	other port

For every ton containing two hundred and fifty two gal-than London, ton* of Potngal or Spanijb wine, having been imported into 481-	3<1,

iny port of Great Britain, except the port of London, and which F?£c*cry !on ftafl be fb in dock, twelve pounds eighteen (hillings and eight- spfnift^win^ pence.	_	fo imported,

ill. i8s. 8d.

If. Provided always, That no fuch dealer or dealers (hall No allow-kave or be entitled to any fuch allowance, unlefs he, (he, or anccstobe theylhall apply for the fame to the faid commiflioners of excife paid unlefo tdtadively, it fuch dealer or dealers (hall refpedlivcly refide before July within the limits of the chief office of cxcife in London and Edin- I7g7> &c.; Jir^rcfpedlivety, or to the refpedlive collectors of excife within the collections or diftridls refpedlively in which fuch dealer or deedert refpe<5lively (hatl refide out of the faid limits, before the fifdi day of Jufy one thoufaftd feven hundred and eighty-feven, by a petition in writing, dating therein the amount of the allowance claimed by fiich dealer or dealers, and the feveral forts and qtftfttmes of wine rdpedtivefy for or in refpedl whereof fuch aflotrance is chimed, and from whom the fame was received, and that the fane is the foie and entire property of fuch dealer crdAtors; to Which petition (hall be annexed an affidavit, made	'

wdfribrn by one or more of the petitioners, before any two or more of the find commiflioners of excife rcfpedlively, or before Vol. XXXVI.	P	the

Digitized by



tor unlefs a certificate be produced, that the duty of cuftoms had been paid

Jfo dealer to

a io	Anno	vicefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 31. fiy

the coredor of excife of the collediion or diftrid wherein petitioner fhall be refident, verifying the particulars and dated in fuch petition, (and they the faid commiflion Colledlors of excife refpedively arc hereby authorized powered to adminifter the oath herein dire&cd); and ev fon who (hall be convidled of making or taking a falfe any of the fadis herein directed or required to be fwort be deemed guilty of perjury, and (hall be liable to the pa? penalties to which perfons are liable for wilful and perjury.

ill. Provided alfo, That no fuch allowance as afore be made to any fuch dealer or dealers, unlefs, at the making fuch claim, he, (he, or they (hall produce to commiflioners of excife, or to the colledlors of excife, a cate under the hand of the*proper officer of the cuftoms, certificate the faid officers are hereby diredted to grant fee or reward, certifying the duty of cuftoms to have ‘ for fuch wine> which certificate (hall be made out in ft the like form and manner, and fuch affidavit (haU be. thereon, as are ufed and pradifed in order to obtain the back for wine (hipped for exportation/

IV. And be it further enaded, That no fuch dealer or be intitled to foan be intitled to any fuch allowance until one mon' until a°mortth fucb	bc prefented to the faid commUT

after applica- colledors of excife refpedively, nor unlefs the faid com tion, nor un- ers or colledors refpedively (hall be fatisfied that all left his (lock for fuch wine have been fully paid; nor (hall any fuch^ exceed a ton. ancc ^ macje to any fuch dealer or dealers whofe flock foreign wine, between the faid ninth and fifteenth days (hall not exceed the quantity of one ton, reckoning tww dred and fifty-two gallons to the ton, and five repu bottles to a gallon, for all fuch wine as (hall be in but if the flock of fuch foreign wine of any fuch dealer or (hall exceed two hundred and fifty-two gallons, com aforefaid, the faid allowance in fuch cafe (hall be maJ upon the excefs of fuch foreign wine, after deducting two hundred and fifty-two gallons.

V. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, the allowances by this adt diredted (hall be paid to the L intitled to the fame by four equal payments; the fecond payments to be at the end of three months, the third th: the end of fix months, and the fourth thereof at the end mouths, from the time of the firfl payments being made vided always, That in cafe any fuch foreign wines, for return of part of the duties may have been claimed in [ KS of this ad, (hall be entered and (hipped for exportation, as for wine manner and within the time prefer!bed by law, fuch wine be intitled to fuch and the like drawbacks only, and no .as if the fame had been imported after the tenth day of 7 thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, according at drawbacks are refpediYely afeertained and fet forth in the

Allowances to be paid at four equal payments.

If Tuch wine be exported, the drawback '

imported after May 10, «7 87.

Digitized by v^ooQle

lyfty.] Anno vlccfimo fcptimo Georgii HI# Ci 31.	ail

doles and tables annexed to the faid recited a<51 parted in this prefcm fertion of parliament; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding,

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That if any officer or officers of excife (hall at any time or times If any excels dlfcover or find that the quantity of French red wine, French j* f®UD^in white wine, foreign red wine, (other than French red wine), or ** dealer foreign white wine, (other than French white wine), in the flock js forfeited’, of any dealer or dealers in foreign wine by retail, added to the and alfo dou-quamity for which permits (hall have been granted fince the laft Wc hs value. Account was taken bf fuch dock, and alfo to the quantity or quantities fold, fent out, or confumed in fmall quantities under three gallons, fince fuch laft account was taken, and for which proper entries (hall appear to be made in the book directed to be kept for entering therein fuch wine as (hall be fold, contained, or fent out in fmall quantities under three gallons, according to the dire&ions of an aCfc made in the twenty-fixth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for repealing certain fafies now payable on wines imported, and for granting new duties in Hen thereof to be coliefted under the management of the commijjioners of excife, exceeds the ftock left in hand on the taking oT fuch hft account, added to the quantity of fuch wine fince received by permit, the quantity of wine fo found in excefs, by whatever liquor the fame (hall have been made, and whether the fame (haH be mixed or mingled, or unmixed or unmingled, (hall be deemed and taken to be made by foreign wine for which no duty has been paid, and which had been privately brought in by fuch dealer or dealers, without permit, and a quantity, equal to the quantity of wine fo found in excefs, (hall be foifeited and loft, and (hall and may be feized and taken by the officer or officers rf excife who (hall difcover the fame, from and out of the faid ftock or ftocks in which fuch quantity of wine (hall be found iaexcefs; and the perfon or perfons in whofe ftock fuch quantity of wine fo found in excefs (hall be difeovered or found,

(hall alfo forfeit double the value of the quantity of wine fo found in excefs.

VII.	And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid.

That if the faid commiffioners or collectors of excife refpeCtively Allowances (hall not, from time to time, have fufficient monies in their ma7 Pai<* bands rcfpeCtively arifing from the duties upon foreign wine, to excife duties pay the faid allowances, then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall ifthofeon # and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners and col- foreign wines ledors refpeCtively to pay the fame out of any other monies in Jb°uldbc their hands arifing from the duties of excife, or any duties under *ufficicnt* the management of the commiffioners of excife.

VIII.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid.

That within thirty days next after the maftcr or purler, for that Within 30 voyage, of the (hip or veflel wherein any French printed, ftained, days after painted, or dyed callico, muflin, linen, fluff, fvrftian, velvet, vcflVlVring-^ Velveret, dimity, or other figured fluff, (other than fuch as (hall \ng French be dyed throughout of one colour only), or French beer, ale, or cafiicoes,

p2	mum,	«ntry of the

Digitized by

Google

lit	Anno	vicefimo	fcptimo	Georgii	III.	c.	31.	[1787.

poods to be mom, for or in refpeft whereof any duty of excife is impofed w'ade with by the faid aft, made in this fcffion of parliament, (hall be m* of excifc &c Porlec* or brought >nto this kingdom, (hall have or ought to on penalty of h*ve made a juft and true entry or report, upon oath of the their being	burthen, contents, and lading of fucb (hip or vefle!, in purftl-

forfated.	ance of the dircftioris of an aft, made in the thirteenth and

fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An afl for preventing frauds and regulating abufes in bis Ab* jcflyxs cvfomsy the proprietor or proprietors, importer or i»-porters, confignee or coniignees, of any fuch goods, wares, merchandize, or commodities, (hall make due entry with the col-Icftor of excife in the port or place where the fame (hail be lb imported, of all fuch goods, wares, merchandize, and coramo* dities refpeftively on board of fuch (hip or veflel, belonging to fuch proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers, confignee or coniignees, fpecifying in fuch entry the number of calks or other packages, with the particular numbers and marks of each of them, containing any fuch goods, wares, merchandize, or commodities; and ihall then, and before the landing of any fuch goods, wares, merchandize, or commodities, fatisfy and pay the duties of excife by the faid aft impofed for or in refpeft of fuch goods, wares, merchandize, and commodities refpeob ively; and (hall alfo, within fuch thirty days, land all Ml goods, wares, merchandize, and commodities refpeftively; and if fuch proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers, con* fignee or confignees, (hall negleft or refufe to make due entiy, or to pay fuch duties, or to land fuch goods, wares, merchandize, and commodities refpeftively, the fame, together with the calks and packages containing the fame, (hall be forfeited, and ihall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife.

If goods are IX. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefiud, That before an goods, wares, merchandize, and commodities refpefthdy, paid, they arc ^or or ’n	wl*ereof	any duty of excife is by the (aid a6,

forfeited, made in this feffion of parliament, impofed upon the importation thereof into Great Britain, which (hall be unftitpped, landed, or delivered from or out of any (hip, veflel, or boat, bcfait the duties by the laid aft impofed thereon refpeftively (hall be fully paid, or fecured to be paid, Ihall be forfeited and loft, together with the packages containing the fame; and fuch goods, wares, merchandize, and commodities refpeftively, and the packages containing the fame, (hall and may be feized by an? and the per- officer or officers of excife; and if any perfon or perfonsfluH Ions aiding unfhip, land, or deliver, or caufe or procure to be unihipped, cefvrrrg\<hem* *an<*c^> or delivered, or be aiding or affifting in the unlhippng, forfeit treble* landing, or delivering, from or out of any Slip, veflel, or boat, their value, any fuch goods, wares, merchandize, or commodities, before the faid duties of excife by the faid aft impofed for or in refpeft thereof (hall be fully paid, or fecured to be paid, or (hall hide or conceal, or caufe or procure to be hidden or concealed, any fuch goods, wares, merchandize, or commodities^ fo unfhipped, landed, or delivered as aforefaid, or AMI receive into bis, her,

or

Digitfzed by v^ooQle

1787.] Anno vicefimo feptimo Georoii III. c. 31.	213

or their hand*, cullodjf, or padeflioo, any fuch goods, ware*, merchandize, or commodities, fo unfhipped, lauded, or deli-void a* aforefiud, he, (he, or they knowing the fain* to have beta So unihipped, landed, or delivered a* aforefaid, fuch pcr-toa or perfoot, and each and every of them, (hall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe treble the value of fuch goods, wares, merchandize, and commodities refpe&ively, to ; be cffimated according to the belt and highed rate and price which goods, wares, merchandize, and commodities reflectively of the heft quality of that kind (hall fell for in London at the time when fuch forfeiture (hall be incurred.

X.	And be it further ena&cd by the authority aforefaid.

That the laid commiffioners of cxcife refpcdively, or the major Comnuffion-part of them refpedively, (hall provide proper framea to denote *r# of e.*F'fe the meafure of French printed, ftaincd, painted, or dyed calli- frameTto^e-coes, mudint, linens, (luffs, fudians, velvets, velverets, dimi- note the meatier, and other figured (luffs, which (hall be imported into Great fureof French Britain dire&ly nrom any of the European dominions of the callicoes, &c. French king, and for which the duties of cxcife, by the faid a<5t aiade in this feffion of parliament impofed for or in refpedl thereof, (hall have been paid) and (ball alfo provide proper Mo «r Ramps for marking fuch callicoea, muffins, linens, duds, fuftians, velvets, velverets, dimities, and other figured duffs; and (hall caufe the faid frames, and deals or damps, re-fpeffively, to be didributed to the refpedive officers of cxcife, w the ieveral purpofes herein-aftcr mentioned; and the faid frames, and feaui or damps refpedlively, or any of them, (hall or «ay he altered or renewed from time to time, as the laid rdpsdive cemmiflsoners, or the major part of them refpetflively, hall think, fit.	'

XL And be k further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That the bid rcfpe&ivc officers (hall, with one of fuch frames, Callicoes, &c. from time to time, frame-mark at each end thereof, each and t0-J}?/"*!!*** evsy piece of al) fuch callicoes, muffins, linens, duff's, fudians,	,nj

whets, velverets, dimities, and other figured duffs, which with a ft amp from rime to time, be imported as aforefaid, and for to denote the •hkli the duties of cxcife, by the faid a<5l impofed in refpeft P»y™ent °f tbtHof, (hall have been paid, to denote the meafure thereof;tbe duty* and'bail aUo, in like manner, with one of fuch damps or feals.

Amp or feal each and every piece of all fuch callicoes, muffins, fiaens, fluffs, fudians, velvets, velverets, dimities, and other Spued duffs, to denote the payment of the duty of cxcife by the hid a& impofed for or in refped thereof.

XII And be it further enaAed by the authority aforelaid,

Thtt if any perfon or peefons whofoever (hall counterfeit any Perfons frau-frame which (hall be provided in purfuance of this alt, or (hall dulently ceunterfeit, forge, or referable the impreffion of the fame upon any printed. Rained, painted, or dyed callico, muffin, linen, frames, &c. duff, fudian, velvet, velvcret, dimity, or other figured duff; to forfeit Of (hall knowingly have in his, her, or their cudody or poffef- 10°L fen, any printed. Rained, painted, or dyed calUcn, muffin,

P3	Uh«*a

Digitized by	*

214	Anno	vicefimo	feptimo Georgii III. c. 31. f 17S7.

linen, ftuff, fuftian, velvet, velveret, dimity, or other figured fluff, having thereon the impreffion of a counterfeit frame, made to refemble the impreffion of any frame which fhall be provided or made in purfuance of this adb, with intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, of any of the duties by the faid adt made in this feflion of parliament impofed for or in refpedt of printed, ftained, painted, of dyed ealliedes, muflins, linens, fluffs, fuftians, velvets, vclverets, dimities, or other figured fluffs, every perfon fo offending (hall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

Perfona frau- That if any perfon or perfons (hall counterfeit or forge soy duientiy	flamp or feal to refemble any flamp or feal which (hall be pro-

ir	v^c<* or ma<^e *n purfuance of this a<51, or (hall counterfeit or

fuffe/death: refemble the impreffion of the fame, upon any printed, ftained, painted, or dyed callico, muffin, linen, fluff, fuftian, velvet, velverer, dimity, or other figured fluff, with intent to defraud his MajeAy, his heirs or fucceffors, of any of the duties by the faid a<5fc made in this feflion of parliament impofed far or in re-fpetft of printed, ftained, painted, or dyed callicoes, muffins, linens, fluffs, fuftians, velvets, velverets, dimities, or ocher figured fluffs, every fuch perfon (o offending, and being tberarf convitted in due form of law, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony and (hall fufter death, as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clerey.

XIV.	And be it further enatted by the authority afbrefifid^ and perfoni That if any perfon or perfons (hall lell any callico, mttfiin, felling calli- ]jnen, fluff, fuftian, velvet, velveret, dimity, or other figured

with counter- f°r or *n ^0*® whereof any duty of excife is by the fad ft it ftamps, ad pafied in this feflion of parliament impofed, with the impret* ftibjea to the fion of any fuch counterfeit (lamp or feal thereon, knowing the )»*ce punilh- famc tQ be counterfeited, and with an intent to defraud his Ma-,nc“	jefty, his heirs or fucceffors, of any of the duties by the faid ad

impofed for or in refpeft of printed, ftained, painted, or dyed callicoes, muflins, linens, fluffs, fuftians, .velvets, velverets, dimities, or other figured fluffs, all and every fuel) offender and offenders, their aiders, abettors, and affiftants, being thereof convicted in due form of law, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XV.	And be it further etfaded by the authority afordaid,

On oath of a Thar, upon oath made by any credible perfon or perfons, that credible per- he, (he, or they has or have re a (on to fufpe& or believe that houfes of	any Frenck printed, ftained, painted, or dyed callico, muffin,

perfons fuf- linen, ftuff, fuftian, velvet, velveret, dimity, or other figured petted to have ftuff, for which any duty of excife by the faid a<ft, made in this in their pot- feflion of parliament, impofed in refpeft thereof ought to have

cov*°n&c. un- bcen *s or bc *n cuft°dy or poffemon of any ftamped, may draper or other perfon or perfons trading or dealing therein, or be fearcied, of any perfon or perfons for the ufe or account of fuch draper or other trader or dealer, for file, without having thereupon

fuch

2IJ

1787*] Anno vicefimo feprimo Georoii III. c. 3 r.

fuch mark or ftamp, as is by this a& required to denote the payment or charging of the duty by the faid alt, made in this feflion of parliament, impofed for or in refpelt thereof, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commiflioners of excife, or any two or more of then), within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or my two juftices of the peace in any other part of the kingdom of Great Britain, from time to time to iffue their refpedtive warrants or orders, thereby authoring and requiring any officer or officers of excife (with the affiftance of a conftable, or other officer of the peace) in the day time, to fearch for the fame, and to open doors, trunks, chefts, and packages, and to feize fuch goods, together with the packages containing the fame, and to carry away the fame, In order that the fame may be lawfully condemned, and that every fuch warrant and order (hall ana may be obeyed and executed accordingly.

XVI.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any printed, ftained, painted, or dyed callico, muflin, ^ onftamped linen, fluff, fuftian, velvet, velveret, dimity, or other figured	j”

fluff, which ought by this or any other alt or alts of parliament any place, now in force, to be marked or fealed with a ftamp or Tea! to de- except fhipt note any of the duties by the faid alt, made in this feffion of f?r «cporu-parliament, repealed, or thereby impofed for or m refpelt there- footed *aS by, to have been duly paid or charged, (hall be found in any aif0 zooi* place whatsoever, except on board (nip for exportation, without being marked or fealed with a ftamp or feat denoting that fuch duties have been duly paid or charged, the fame (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of cxcifc, and the perfon or perfons in whofe cuftody or poffeflion the fame (hall be found* .(hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the (urn of one hundred pounds*

XVIL And tubereas, for many years now lajl pajl, fptrits have bttn taken and ejlimated9 by the officers of excife, to be of the different degrees of flrengtb at which they have upon trial been denoted to be% kj certain kind of hydrometers9 known by the name of and commonly tolled Clarke’s Hydrometers: and whereas it is expedient that the different degrees of Jhrengtb of fptrits Jhould be taken and ejlimatei if hydrometers of the moft accurate conJlruflion9 and that proper ex-ptrinents be made for that purpefe9 and that fome provifton Jbould be node for regulating the mode of eflimating thefrengtb offpirits9 until fotb experiments Jball have been made; be it therefore enalted and declared by the authority aforefaid. That, until the fifth day of April ooejhoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, all fpirits ^llbe*3 (hall be deemed and taken to be of the degree of ftrength at deemed of the which the fiud hydrometers, called Clarke*s Hydrometer, (hall, ftrength de-upon trial by any officer or officers of excife, denote any fuch 5°tc5* bT. (jam. to be.

XVIII.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid.

That no entry which (hall be made by any chandler, or maker Entries of of candles, of any melting-houfe, workhoufc, warehoufe, (tore- m*kcrs of hoofe, (hop, room, or other place whatfoever, eithervfor the Adeemed fluking or keeping of candles, or for the melting or keeping any withdrawn P 4	wax,	while any

Digitized by

Google



216	Anno	viccficno	feptmjo	fcPORKHj	III, c 31. [ 17S7.

dutv remains wax, tallow, or other materials.proper	bp made into candles,

unpaid, &c. or 0f any COppeff kettle, pot, furnace, or other veflcl or uteitfii whatfoever, for the melting of wait, jtallow, or other materials , to be made into candles, or of any mould or moulds, or other utcndl whatfoever, for the making of candles, /hall be deemed or taken to be withdrawn, whilft any duty (hall be depending and unpaid by fuch chandler or maker pf candles ; or any cop? per, furnace, or other utenfil, (hall be (landing in any fuch melting-houfe, workhoufc, warehoufc, (lorehoufe, (hop, room, pr other place.

XIX.	And be it further ena£ied by the authority aforefaid. Makers of That every maker of foap, (hall, when and as often as hail foap to weigh thereunto requefted by any officer or* officers of excifc under for making w^ole furvey fuch maker of foap (hall he, before he or (he (hah the fame be- charge his or her copper or boiler with any materials for oaak* fore the offi- ing of foap, weigh, in the prefence of fuch officer or officers, all cer, 8cc. on the rofin, tallow, greafe, or other materials (except lye) with penalty of	which fgch maker of foap (hall next charge Jbis or her copper**

50 *	boiler; and all fiich rofin, tallow, greafe, or other materials,

(hall be put into the copper or boiler, in the prefence of tmk officer or offrcer$, upon pain of forfeiting, for every refufeter nealedl thereof, theXum of fifty pounds,

»4	3.	c.	XX.	And	whereas* by an oft mode in the twenty-fourth year j

xi, recked, bis prefent Ataiefiy's reign* intituled* An a& for laying addition!

duties upon all candles, (except wax and (ptrmaeeti Canute), and for more cffc&ually fccusing >the duties upon candles; k yoas eoaflfd9 That oil and every the officers efexdfe JhrnUnd times* by day or by night* be permuted* upon His cr their reyuefl* U enter into the houfe* melting-houfe* yjarebmft* er ether place wtuU foevtr* belonging to* or ufed by* any perfon er per font* who after Ae firjl day pf Auguft onetboufandfeyen hundred and eighty-four*fimd be a wafer or makers of any candles whatfoever* and by weighing er tale of the candles, or other-wife.» as to fuch officer JbeuU fern me/t proper and convenient* to take an account of the candles which fhuM have been made by fuch maker er makers of candles* from timett time, in like manner as fuch officers might then do in the day-ton: and whereas the faid recited claufe has in feme meafure been feed inconvenient to the makers of candles* be it therefore ena&ed by the Officers not authority aforefaid, That it (hall not he lawful for any of the to enter the officers of excife, upon requefl, (between the hours of eleven *t candle makers	a°d five in the morning, without tbe prefence of acaufta-

trom u at hie, or other officer of the peace), to enter into the boat, night to 5 In melting-houfe, warehoufe, or other place whatfoever, belonging tne morning to, or ufed by, any maker or makers of any candles, unie&aoy peace'officer	ma^er	or	makers	of	candles	frail	have any court er

except in the making of candles unfinifhed, or in operation, or (halibut in fiances any legal notice depending of his, her, or their intention to herein men- make any courfe or m?kiog of candles between the hours of tioned. eleven an*J five as aforefaid, or (hall have made any preparation for making any courfe or making of candles; in each and evrry pf yvhkh cafes, all and every the officers of exeife frail, stall

tiffitfj

Digitized by v^,ooQle

217

1^7*] Anno viccfimo feptimo GpoRon III. c. 31.

. lines, by night, be permitted, upon his or their requdt, to en-m into die houfe, melting-houfe, warehoufe, or other place whatfoever, belonging to, or ufed by, any maker or makers of cudles, and by weighing or tale of the candles, or otherwife, as to inch officer (hall feem mod proper and convenient, to take an account of the candles which (hail have been made by fuch anker or makers of candles, from time to time, in like manner sotfbch officers may now do in the doy-time.

XXI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

That all and every maker and makers of candles (hall, at his, Candle mak-kr, and their own expence, find, provide^ and affix good and finings to /uffider.t faftenings to all and every furnace, copper, pan, or theirfitniacc*, other utenfil, by him, her, or them ufedrfor the melting of wax, &c. ijpermaceti, allow, or ocher materials proper to be made into candles, fuch faftenings to be approved of, in writing, by and under the hands of the relpcdive furveyors or fupervifors of ex-xtfitof thcdjrifion or diftridt in which filch maker or makers foali refide; and alfo covers, with proper faftenings, to be approved of as aforefaid, to every dipping-mould, which any fuch maker or makers (hall have if) his, her, or their cuftody or pof-fcffieo; and each and every fuch copper, pan, or other utenfil, tp be locked (hah be fecureiy looked, fattened, or fealed, by the officers of by the officer, exsifa under orhofe furvey fuch maker or makers rcfpcdHvely Jkatf, from time to time, be, as foon as any melting of wax,

(ptiQiicni, tallow, or other materials proper to be made into candies, (hail be finished; and every fuch dipping-mould, with itecover thereunto affixed, (hall, in like manner, be fecureiy locked, fattened, or fealed, by fuch officers, as foon as the dipping of any court* or making of candles (hall be finUhed; and fach maker or makers (hall, in like manner, at his, her, and and to provide their own expence, provide a proper, convenient, and fecure * P*0!*1T Placc room, place, cheft or chefts, with good and fufficient faftenings, thci^o«UUP to be approved of and provided as aforefaid, affixed thereto, for by the officer, tfopurpofe of locking up and fecuring all moulds which may be oude ufe of in the making of mould candles, in the cuftody or pofieflion of any fuch maker or makers; and fuch moulds dull be locked up, fealed, and feeured, by fuch officer, in fuch seoes, place, cheft or chefts, when and fo foon as the fame (hall eerie to be tried $ and when any fuch maker or makers (half be Notice to be Mrous^o liaht fire under any fuch copper, pan, or utenfil, or	?f the

to have the furnace dopr thereof opened, or to have any fuch light copper copper, fan, utenfil, or dipping*mould opened, or to ufe any fires, &c. to faefi moulde proper to be made ufe of in the making of mould the officer, sandier, fuch maker or makers (hall give to the officer of excife, ttofarwhofe furvey he, (he, or they (hall then be, fix hours notice, to writing, if fuch maker or makers (hall reGde within the limits of the chief office of excife in London, twelve hours notice, in writing, if he, (he, or they (hall refide in any market fawn in any other part of Great Britain, and twenty-four hours police, in writing, if he, (he, or they thall refide in any other fan of Groat Britain out of a market town, of his, her, or their

’	1	'	iVv

Digitized by

Google



2l8

Anno vicefimo feprimo Georg 11 III. c. 31. [1

fo being defirous to light fire under any fuch copper, pa* utenfil, or to have the furnace door thereof opened, or tmi any fuch copper, pan, utenfil, or dipping-mould opened^! ufe any fuch moulds proper to be made ufe of in the aiakl

who is to at- mould candles; and upon fuch notice being given, fuch tend at the	(hall attend at the time mentioned in fuch notice, for th

time raen-	p0fe fpecified in fuch notice, and (hall unlock and open a]

thc^fire be ** doors, coppers, pans, or other utenfils, as the cafe may rd not lighted	and if any fuch maker or makers (hall nege& or refufe*

within an	(ire under any fuch copper, pan, or utenfil, within om

kour &her	aftcr t^e doors thereof (hall be opened by fuch officer, c

cwne^freflf ncg*e<^ or refufe to proceed to make ufe of any fuch C notice to be pan, utenfil, dipping-mould, or other mould, within oa

(hall be void, and fuch officer (hall again, immediately ai expiration of fuch hour, lock up, fallen, and leal each ant fuch door, copper, pan, or other utenfil and dipping-4 with the covers thereunto affixed, and (hall in like manm up, feal, and fecure, fuch other moulds, in manner afia and fuch maker and makers (hall give the like and a frefli

If fufficient in writing to fuch officer; and if any fuch maker or mai fattening* to can(jies (gall negled or refufe, at his, her, or their own ex be^ot^r*0* t0 And, provide, or affix, good and fufficient faftenings to ▼ided, or of- every furnace, copper, pan, or other .utenfil* by him* I fleers are ob- them ufed for the melting of wax, (permaceti, tallow* 01 ftru&ed in materials proper to be made into candles, or to find, pros ing^hem^c! a®x Efficient wooden covers, to be approved of as aft the offender to every dipping-mould which fuch maker or makers fha

their own expence, to provide a proper, convenient, and4 room, place, chefl, or chefts, with good and fufficient faftcc to be approved of. as aforefaid, affixed thereto, for the px of locking up and fecuring all moulds proper to be made.I in the making of mould candles, in the cuftody or poflefll any fuch maker or makers $ or to pay for any locks, kcji other neceffary faftenings, which (hall be provided by an] veyor or fupervifor of excife,' according to the directions el aCt; or if any perfon or porfons (hall refufe or hinder any 0 or officers of excife, or any perfon or perfons by him or X employed in that behalf, from fixing fuch locks or fafteg in fuch manner as the faid officers (hall judge moft cffe&U anfwcr the purpofes by this aCt intended; or in locking. Cm or fecuring the fame; or (hall open any fuch furnace, co| pan, utenfil, dipping-mould, or door, after the fame AiaU J been locked, fealed, fattened, pr fecured, as aforefaid, befell (ame (hall have been unlocked and opened by the officer oj cife; or (hall wilfully break or damage any luch lock, fed fattening, every fuch maker or makers, or other perfon or; Ions, fo offending, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the of one hundred pounds.

And be it further enaCted by the authority afore

given.	after	the	fame	(hall	be	opened	by	fuch	officer,	then	fuel

to forfeit in his, her, or their cuftody or poffcffion; or, at his*

inn I	.1 •      r     •________

Digitized by

Google

vflj.] Anno vicefimo fcptlmo Gborgii III. c. 31.	219

Tkat if at any time there (lull be on the premiffs, in the cu- If mould*

My or poffdfion of any maker or makers of candles, any are 1 loc^fif Mold or moulds proper to be made ufe of for the purpofe of Slakertofor-asking mould candles, not locked up^and fccured as is in that feit tool, khik herein before direded, unlefs after due notice given as afbrefaid, then, and in every fuch cafe, every fuch maker or makers (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

XXIII. And whereas by an aft, made in the twenty-fixtb year ef *6	3*	C*

Ksfrejent Majejbfs reign, intituled. An ad for better iecuring the 5t>rccitcd* dudes on (larch; and for preventing frauds on the faid duties, it

was enofltd, That, from and after the end of three months after the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand 'even hundred and eighty-Juy alljlarib not being flamped as by the Jaid ait is direfted, and all heft forth exceeding the quantity of twenty-eight pounds in weight, end all ferapings of Jlarch which fhould be found in the pojfejfton of anyftarcb-maker, or of any other perfon for the ufe of fuch maker or dealer, or that jbould be found removing or removed by land or by water, fbouid be forfeited, and might be feized by any officer for the jeid duties, together with the chef, cajk, Jack, or other package contesting the fame, and the boat or vejfel, horfes or other cattle, wag-jm, cart, or other carriage, made ufe of in removing the fame : and whereas it was intended that allforth not being fanned as be the faid Mis directed, and all loofe ftartb exceeding the quantity of twenty* ngbt pounds weight, and all ferapings of ftartb which Jbould be found	.

in tie peffejjion of any dealer in ftartb, fbouid be forfeited ; be it cn- *grec~ u&cd by the authority aforefaid. That all (larch dot being able to the tomped as by the faid ad is direded, and all loofe (larch ex- recited ad, aeding the quantity of twenty-eight pounds weight, and all loofc £arch fcraphigs of (larch which (hall be found in the pofleffion of any tgl^amf torch-maker or dealer in (larch, or of any other perfon for the (craping* of ufe of fuch maker or dealer, or that (hail be found removing or jlarch found removed by land or by water, (hall be forfeited, together with jj1 thepoflef-thecheft, calk, fack, or other package containing the fame, and dealer, or Ibe boat or vedel, horfes or other cattle, waggon, cart, or other removing, to carriage, made ufe of in the removal thereof, and (hall and may be forfeited, be fared by any officer or officers of excife.

XXIV.	And whereas by an aft made in the twenty ftxth year of s6 Geo. 3. c. tit reign of bis prefent Majefty, intituled. An ad for regulating 4°» rccilcd» theprodudion of manifefts, and for more efFedually preventing fraudulent pradices in obtaining bounties and drawbacks, and

in the clandeftine relanding of goods, it was provided, that beer cxparted fbouid be fubjeft to certain regulations and reftriftions in the fad recited aft contained: and whereas it is expedient to provide that hue exported Jball be no longer fubjeft to the provijions oj the faid aft\ and t|,e be it therefore enaded, That none of the powers, provifkms, lationstherein and regulations, contained in the faid ad, (hall extend, or be not to extend deemed or conftrued to.extend, to the exportation of beer, butto **** **cll that beer (hall and may be exported according to the laws which 5?awback«,

. me in force at and immediately before the time of palling the &c. on which, faid ad; and that all drawbacks and bounties which would have as would have heat due or payable for or in refped of any beer which has been *>ccn duc

exported ^ paid.’

Digitized by CjOOQlC	^

220

Officers of the excife may adiqinifterthc neccfiary oaths on the exportation of goods entitled to drawbacks or bounties.

The powers

in force on palling 14 Gto. $.c. 38, to extend to the fccuring the duties thereby repealed;

Anno vicefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 31. [1787. exported to foreign parts fince the firft day of Auguft one tboi»-fand (even hundred and eighty*Cx, if the faid ad had not ban made, (hall and may he paid and allowed in the fame manat as the fame would have been payable or allowable if the aft had not been made; any thing in the faid ad contained to dM contrary thereof notwitlmanding.

XXV. And whereas by the faid for regulating the

of	manifefis, ter tun taibs are required to be taken by ptrfmerdp

export to foreign parts from Great Britain any goods wboteue% which art	intitltd either to drawback or bounty upon exportation: at

whereas no power is given by the faid ail to the collegers teeth officers of excife, in cafes where any goods intended to drawback or bounty are fubjeft to any duty of ,or tinder the management of the faid	excift	fc

to	odminifiet *tbo faid oaths required to be taken by the feud

is expedient	that fitch powerflsould be given’, be it therefore Mphi

by the authority aforefaid, That in all cafes where any goqdsifc tended to be exported upon drawback or bounty (hall be fefcrt to any duty of excife, or other duty under the managensnUf the fa(d cotrwniffioncrs of excife rcfpedivdy, the relpc&ivcoad* required by the faid ad to be taken upon the exportation ifamt of, (hall and may be taken before the refpeAive eollcdoB^er other officers of excife, appointed fpr that purpofc, who is Mi are hereby authorised to adminifter the fame.

XXVI,	And he it further declared and enaded. That alllli powers, authorities, methods, rules, dirpdions, regulations,pp

n.ahies, forfeitures, provifions, claufee, matters and tbisM which in and by an ad made in the tenth year of the reign at his late majefly King George the FirA, intituled.

pealing certain duties therein	men, payable upon too,

cocoa nuts, chocolate, and tocoa	p, imported’, and for groan},

certain inland duties in lieu thereof; andfor prohibiting tbo import* (ion of chocolate ready mode, and cocoa ; and far hotter afeatn* ing tie duties payable upon	coffee, , and tocoa imported’, at

for granting relief to Robert Dalzell, late earl of Camwath; <*• any other ad or ads of parliament relating to the duties upas coffee or cocoa nuts in force at the time of the palling ofsaaft made in the twentyrfourth year of his prafcnt Majefty’s aeigB, intituled. An aft for repealing the feveral duties granting to bis Majefiy other duties in lieu thereof; and eifo fitted duties on inhabited boufes; and upon tbo importation of seta not pad coffee;	and for repealing the inland duties of excife an

Contained, provided, fettled, or eftablilbed, for managing, dn (effing, raffing, levying, colleding, recovering, adjudging, mki» gating, afeertaining, enforcing, or fecuringthe duties thereby ua-pofed, and for preventing, detecting, and punifhiogfraudsrdstfag thereto, (hall be, and (hall be deemed and taken to be, in fullfowt, to all intents and purpofes, for the managing, affeffing, raifisQ levying, colleding, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, a taining, enforcing, or fecuring the faid duties thereby repaid, and for preventing, deteding, and punifhiog frauds relating

(hereto s

Digitized by

Google

1787.] Anno viccfimo feptimo GeoROU Ilf. c. 31.	,	221

thereto; and the fame powers, authorities, methods, rules, di~ and alfo to regions, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, provilions, claufes, tVc duties natters, and things, (hall be and continue in full force, and be Qf excife im-driy obferved, pradifed, applied, ufed, and put in execution, pofcd in the throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, in and for the ma- prefeot feffion

3ing, afleffing, raifing, levying, colleding, recovering, ad- ondcoc2a nuti png, mitigating, afeertaining, enforcing, and recuring, the *** 00 find farcral duties of excife by the faid ad made in this leflion ef parliament impofed for or in refped of cocoa nuts and coffee refpedivdy, and for preventing, deteding, and punilhing frauds rating thereto, as fully and effedually, to all intents and pur-fries, as if the faid powers, authorities, methods, rules, di-rtdioQs, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, provilions, claufes, natters, and things, had been exprefsly infer ted and re-enaded m the faid lift mentioned ad, or in this ad.

XXVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Every barrel bid, That every barrel of French beer, ale, or mum, which (hall j^r<^h.m-he imported into Great Britain diredly from any of the Euro- portcd,Cto be /ri* dominions of the French king, (hall be deemed and taken deemed to tv be thirty-fix gallons Englijb beer meafure, within the mean- contain 36 iagof the faid ad made in this feflion of parliament.	gallons.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Rum of the faid, That all rum or fpirits of the growth, produce, and ma- Britifh plan-flnfadure of the Britifi fagar plantations in America, which, c*} ^me^ca1 Ae tenth day of May one thoufand feven hundred and eighty- warehoused ftvea, (hall be in any warehoufe or warehouses in which the on May to, lame (hall have been put, fabjed and according to the rules, 1787, maybe regulations, reftridions, and provifions contained and provided ^*2ent ri? in an ad of parliament, made in the fifteenth year of the reign the duty im-of bis late majefty King George the Second, concerning the pofed tnefedd boding of rum or fpirits of the Britifi fagar plantations before this prefeot payment of the duties of excife, and lodging the fame in .ware- fcfla°n» kwfes, and which fhall* from and after the faid tenth day of be delivered out of fuch warehoufe or warehouses refpec-thrfy, (hall not be fubied or liable to any higher duty of excife than the duty of excite* upon rum, fpirits, or aqua vitae of the produce of the Britifi colonies or plantations, impofed by the faid ad made in this feffion of parliament, of the fame degree of fitngth as fuch rym or fpirits which (hall be fo delivered out of feek warehoufe or warehoufes refpedively, nor (hall any thing ivAefeid ad, made in this feflion of parliament, extend, or hi deemed or conftrued to extend, to repeal any of the faid mbs, regulations, reftridions, and provifions, but the fame (hall faeand remain in foil force.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

Thai in lieu and inftead of the duty of excife, at and after the *n rase of twenty pounds and fourteen (hillings for every one hun- o^noiTcnu-(M pounds of the true and real value of every fort or kind of merated pa-pvpcr which (hall be made in Great Britain, ana not enumerated per by *7Geo. and deferibed in the five tables of the fchedule marked (F.), 3- c- *3» annexed to an ad, made in this feflion of parliament, intituled, a	An

Digitized by	-

Anno vlcefimo feptimo GeoRgii III. c. 31. [iflp

An ad for repealing the feveral duties of cufloms and exeife, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the faid fattest together with the other duties compofing the publick revenue; for per* mitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize,she produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French-dingy into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed momma remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, tfc there is to be the reduction of the national debt; and which is by the faid paid asfol- ipipofed, there (hall be paid to bis Majefty, his heirs and 6u> *°w6t eeflbrs*

Forevery fort, pot above the large ft fize of the neareft of the fame kind enumerated in the tables, the duty of the paper neareft above in fize and value to fuch fort; aad for every fort above the largeft fize of the neareft of the feme kind and weight, a duty in pro-

Sortion to its ze»

For every fott or kincf of piper which (hall be made in Great. Britain, not enumerated and deferibed in the faid tables, and not being above the largeft fize of the paper neaTeft of the feme fort or kind enumerated in the faid tables, the duty by thefiid impofed in refpeeft of paper made in Great Britain whktl (hall be neareft above in fize and value to fuch, fort or kind of paper; and for every fort or kind of paper which (hall be mads in Great Britain not particularly enumerated and deferibed pt the faid tables, and being above the largeft fize of the paper neareft of the fame fort, kind, and weight enumerated intkr faid tables, a duty in proportion to fuch fize, eftimated according to the duty impofed by the faid a& for or in refpcftuf P^per made in Great Britain neareft of the fame fort, kind, and vught, and of the fize neareft below fuch fort or kind; fa# duties to be raifed, levied, collected, and paid by fuch perfbtf and perfons, and in fuch and the fame manner as the dutiestf lieu whereof the fame are hereby impofed,.

»6 Geo. 3. c. XXX, And whereas by an aCl, pajfed in the twenty-fixtb jeer ef 64, recited, his prefent Majejiy's reign, intituled, An a<ft to difeonttnue, fort limited time, the feveral duties payable in Scotland upon lo* wines and fpirits, and upon worts, wa(h, and other liqoerf there ufed in the diilillation of fpirits; and for granting to hit Majefty other duties in lieu thereof, it is, among other things, enabled, That, from and after the fifth day of July one tboufandfem hundred and eighty fix, there fboutd be charged and paid to his Mb jefiy for and upon every gallon Englifh wine meafure of the capacity or content of each and every fill, including the head thereof, which fhould be ujed or employed for the making of low wines or fpirits from corn, grain, malt, tills, cyder, or perry, or other wafb or liquor modi or brewed from any fort or kind of Britifh materials, or any rmxturt with the fame, the yearly fum of one pound ten /billings fierling; and for every gallon Englifh wine meafure of the capacity or content of each and every Jiill, including the bead thereof, which Jhould be ujtl or employed for making low wines or fpirits from melajfes or fair, or any mixture therewith, the yearly fum of two pounds ten JhiUmii fierling; and for every gallon Engliih wine meafure of the capacity or content of each and every ftill, including the bead thereof \ which Jhould be ufed or employed for making low wines or fpirits from foreign ref ufed wine, or foreign cyder, or wa/b prepared from forego

materials.

Digitized by

21$

.] Anno vicefimo feptimo Geo&gii III. c. 32.

h, (except melajfts and fugar), or any mixture therewith, the jxm of three founds flirting: provided, that there be at the zt Beevfed, as the /aid aft direfts, with every wafb flill, or 'we fill, or fpirit Jitll, of a content or capacity not left than one y the content or capacity of fuch wafb flilt: and whereas it ' \ by the /aid aft, that two feverat flills, that is, a wafb 'a lew wine flitlyjbould have been ticenjed together by tbefaid aore be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That ! be, at the fame time, licenfed with every wa(h ftill, vine ftill or fpirit ftill, of a content or capacity not lefs .one fourth part of the content or capacity of fuch wa(h

, And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, all fines, penalties, and forfeitures impofed by this all, bed for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by fuch ways, or methods as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be , recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of tOrbyafiion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any y’s courts of record at IVcflminfler, or in the court of rin&vfiWrefpedlively; and that one moiety of every penalty, or forfeiture (hall be to his Majefty, his heirs and the other moiety to him or them who (hall difeover, or4iie for the lame,

L And be it further enadted by the authority afore-t if any action or fuit (hall be brought or commenced my perion or perfons for any thing by him or them purfuance.of this adt, fuch a&ion or fuit (hall be com-within three months next after the thing done, and (hall in the proper county, and the defendant or defendants fuch a&ion or (bit may plead the general ifiue, and give and the fpeciai matter in evidence at any trial to be had ~; and if afterwards a verdidfc (hall pafs for the defend* codams, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become non* or difcontinue his, her, or their adtion or profecution, neot (hall be given againft him, her,'or them, upon ror otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall treble cods awarded to him, her, or them, againft fuch or plaintiffs.

XIII. And be it further ena£ed by the authority afore-at this adt (hall commence and takeeffedt, as to all fuch and things therein contained in refpect whereof no commencement is hereby diredted or provided, from and cly after the firft day of June one thoufand feven hun-md eighty-feven.

CAP. XXXII.

for moling further proviftom in regard to fuch vejfeh as are uukrly described in an aft made in the twenty-fourth year of reign of bis prefent Majefly, for the more effedtual preven-n 6f fmuggling in this kingdom, and for extending the /aid to other vejjils and boats not particularly deftribed therein \

for

With every wafii ftill there muft be licenfed a low wine or fpiric ftill, of not lefs than one fourth of iu contents.

How penalties are to be recovered and applied.

Limitation of adtiona.

General iflue.

Treble colts.

Adt to commence from June 1,1737*

Digitized by

GoogtG

Preamble.

*4 Geo. 3. c, 47» recited*

224	Anno	vitefimo feptimo GeoRgii III. c. 32. [17S

/<?r	4^	/A/ Carrier on in which wine or oil is i*t

for laying an additional duty ott foreign geneva itttporu taking iff the duty on ebony the growth of Africa* import ^ this kingdom \ and for amending feveral lows relative to tbei ntte of cujloms•

WHEREAS by an oft made and paffed in the tun year of the reign of his prefect Majefty, intituled, -the more effe&ua) prevention of ftmiggling in this kii _ it it, amongjl other things, enafted, That all veffelt bdonghgfl whole or in part, to any of bis Majeftfs jubjefts, called 0 Luggers, Shallops, or YVherries, (of what built foever),\ vtjjih belonging as aforefaidi of any other defcripiiun, wbejel are clench work, unle/s they jhall be fquare rigged, or fitted i with jlanding boltjprits, which /bail be found witbtn the 1 djlance in the faid aft dejcribed, /ball bo forfeited, together 1 the goods, if any, which Jhall be laden tberedn, and aH , tackle, and furniture: and whereas it is expedient that fut viftons jhould be made in regard to fuch veJffeU as an parties Jtribed in the before recited aft, and that the faid rented aft J extended to other vtffels not timing or Jolting under the i ‘ futb vtfftls and boats as, in the Jaid before rented aft, larly mentioned and deferibed; be it therefore enaded by1 molt excellent majefty, by and with the advied and the lords fptritual and temporal, and commons, in tl parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fai from and after the firft day of June on* thooiand feven I and eight y-fcVen* in cafe any cottar, logger, fhallop, floop, fmack, or yawl, belonging* in the whole or in par^l of hi9 Majefty's fubjetfs, (haU be found within the limitti of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues i coafts thereof, having abowfprrt which (half exceed ini snore than two thirds of the length of fuch cutter, lop, wherry, floop, fmack, or yawl, from the forepart < ftem to the aft fide of the ftern poft aloft (whether thall be a ftanding or a running bowfprit), every fbcht fogger* fhallop, wherry, floop, fmack, or yawl, with j guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, feited, and lhaH and may be fcized by any officer or < the cuftoras or excife.

IL And be it further enafied by the authority aforefaid,! In^to foch0*" !^c owllcr or owncr* °f every (Hip or veflel belonging 1$ \

"	faid, (hall paint, or caufe or procure to be painted, opr

outfide of the ftern of every boat belonging to fuch (hip 4 fel, the name of fuch (hip or veflel, and the port or pin . which (he belongs, and the matter's name within-Gdeof j 1 8 tranfum, in white or yellow Roman letters, not lefs tbsftj inches in length, on a black ground, under the pain off -fog every fuch boat, and fuch boat (hall and may be f * any officer or officers of the customs or excife.

nf.

From June x, 1787*any cutter, &c.

belonging to hit Majefty’$ fubjeCtj,

found within four leagues of the coaft, whofe bowfprit exceeds two thirds of the vefiel in length, to be forfeited.

Names of

veflels to be painted on their fterns, dec. on penalty of oei forfeited

Digitized by v^ooQle

1787 ] Anno vicefimo fcptlmo GeoROII III. C. 32*	225

III- And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That the owner or owners of any boat or boats not belonging Boats not hero any (hip or veflel, (hall and are hereby required to paint, or	Jhavc

caufe or procure to be painted upon the ftern of every fuch boat, namei^ in white or yellow Roman letters, of two inches in length, on a &c. painted* black ground, the name or names of the owner or owners of on their fuch boat or boats, and the port or place to which fuch boat be-longs, under pain of forfeiting every fuch boat which (hall be forfeited if"* found within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or found wfthin within four leagues of the coafts thereof, without having the four leagues name or names of the owner or owners of fuch boat or boats of thecoaft. fo painted as aforefaid, and fuch boat (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms of excife.

IV.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That nothing in this ad contained (hall extend, Ad not to ex-or be conftroed to extend, to forfeit any cutter, lugger, (ballop, tc^,to a?y wherry, (loop, fmack, or yawl, nor any veflel or boat whatever in Jcrvlce of hit the fervice of his Majefty’s navy, victualling, ordnance, cuftoms, Majefty's excife, or pod office, nor any cutter, lugger, (hallop, wherry, navy,&c. (loop, fmack, or yawl, nor any veflel whatever, the owner or

owners of which (hall have a licence for navigating the fame from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commiffion-ers of the admiralty for the time being, agreeably to the rules9 regulations, and conditions of the faid herein-before recited aft, with refped to certain veflel* and boars therein mentioned, nor any lighters or barges ufed folely in rivers or inland navigations.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That If Teflds bav-

in cafe any cutter, lugger, (hallop, wherry, (loop, fmack, or in* a licence yawl, or any (hip, veffel, or boat whatever, for which there (hall	a^j.

have been obtained from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, belound out or the commiffioners of the admiralty for the time being pur- of the limits fuant to this ad, or the before recited ad made in the faid thereof, they twenty-fourth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, a licence li- ®ay be feized, mi ting or confining the navigation or trade of fuch cutter, lugger, (hallop, wherry, (loop, fmack, or yawl, or fuch (hip, veflel,

or boat, to and from or within any particular port or ports, place or places, and fuch cutter, lugger, (ballop, wherry. Hoop, fmack, or yawl, or fuch (hip, veffel, or boat (hall be found in arty port or place other than that to and from, or within which (he (hall be fo licenfed to navigate or trade, fuch cutter, lugger,

(hallop, wherry, (loop, fmack, or yawl, and fuch (hip, veflel, or boat, (hall and may be feized and profecuted in the fame manner as (he might be^ or would have been in cafe of no licence having been procured for her.

VI.	Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this ad contained unlefe it be (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to forfeit any fuch cut- made appear ter, lugger, (hallop, wherry, (loop, fmack, or yawl, or any fuch ^riven thett^ (hip, veflel, or boat, which (hall be found in any port or place out by diftrefs other than that to and from, or within the limits of which (he of weather, (hall be fo confined or limited to navigate or trade, in cafe it

(hall be made appear, to the fatisfadion of the commiffioners Vol. XXXVI.	Q,	of

Digitized by Google	^

%iS	Anno	vicefimo fcptimo Georgii III. c. 32.	£1787.

of the cuftoms, that fuch cutter, lugger, (hallop, wherry, (loop, fmack, or yawl, of fuch (hip, veflel, or boat, was driven or forced thither, by unavoidable neceffity or diftrefs of weather.

VII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Licencestobe That the matter or commander, or other perfon having or tak-pmduced to jng tjjC charge, command, or care of any cutter, lugger, (hal-revcnuewho* 1°P» wherry, Hoop, fmack, or yawl, or of any (hip, veflel, or ihall board boat, which by this actt, or the before recited a<tt made in the fuchveflels twenty-fourth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, is or arere-within four qUjrcci to be licenfed as aforefaid, (hall and they are hereby re-coagftCother-e <Iu*r®d t0 produce fuch licence to every officer or officers of the wife the veflel cuftoms or excife, who (hall board them within the limits of any maybefeized. port of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the coafts thereof, on the fame being required by fuch officer or officers; and in cafe any fuch matter or commander, or other perfon having or taking the charge, command, or care of any fuch cutter, logger, (hallop, wherry, floop, fmack, or yawl, or any fuch (hip, veflbl, or boat, (hall not have fuch licence on board, or (hall not produce fuch licence to any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife requiring the fame, as before-mentioned, or if the licence is produced to the officer of the cuftoms or excife, without an indorfement thereon, that the proper fecurity has been given to the collector of the port to which fuch cutter, lugger, (hallop, wherry, floop, fmack, or yawl, or fuch (hip, veflel, or boat (hall belong, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch officer or officers to feize fuch cutter, lugger, (hallop, wherry, (loop, fmack, or yawl, or fuch (hip, veflel, or boat, and the fame (hall be forfeited.

VIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

VefTels feized That all and every cutter, lugger, (hallop, wherry, (loop, fmack, maY be dif-	or yawl, and all and every (hip, veflel, or boat, which (hall be

erceable to	^c,aec* by virtue or in purfuance of this a<ft, (hall be difpofed of,

recited aft. and the produce thereof applied in fuch and the like manner,

and under fuch and the like rules, regulations, and reftri&ions, as veflels and boats forfeited by the faid herein-before recited aft "are directed to be difpofed of, and the produce thereof applied.

IX. And whereas, by an aft pajfcd in the feventeentb year of the S7Geo»3.c.39; reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An a<ft for granting to his

Majefty a duty upon all fervants retained or employed in the feveral capacities therein mentioned; and for repealing feveral rates and duties upon glafs, impofed by an a& made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majefty, and for granting to his Majefty other rates and duties upon glafs in lien thereof ; and for the better colle<5ting the duties upon glafs; and for repealing the feveral rates and duties charged by an ad, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, upon all perfons, and bodies politick and corporate, having certain quantities of filver plate; it was, amongfl other things, enaftedy That there Jhould be raifed, levied, colie ft ed, and paid unto and for the ufe cf bis Majejly, his heirs and fuccejfors, the feveral rates and duties therein exprejjidy upon all glafs imported and brought

m

.4	IV

Digitized by v^ooQie

1787.] Anno vicefimo feptimo GeoRGIi III. c. 32227

into the kingdom of Great Britain: and whereas, by another aff faffed in the twenty-fifth year of his /aid prefent Majejly's reign9 intituled, An ad to repeal the duties upon flafks in .which Florence and 15Geo $. wine and oil is imported ; to permit the importation of wines in c* recited; final! calks for private ufe; to revive, continue, and amend To much of an ad, made in the fixteenth year of his prefent Ma-jefty, as allows the exportation of certain quantities of wheats and other articles, to his Majejly's fugar colonies in America; for difallowing the drawback on the exportation of fnuff; for.continuing the permiffion to land rum or fpirits of the Britifb fugar plantations before payment of the duties of excife; for reviving and continuing the premiums upon the importation of pitch, tar, and turpentine, from Eajl Florida into Great Britain; for allowing a bounty upon the exportation of filk gauzes, and a drawback upon the exportation of raw filk; the jaid recited aSt was repealed, fo far as the fame related to charging duties upon the flafks only in which wine or oil, of the growth of the dominions of the great duke of Tufcany, fhould be imported: and whereas it is expedient that all fiafks, in which any wine or oil /ball or may be import-	nothing

td, fhould be admitted to entry without payment of any fubfidy, cujlom, another »&, or other duty whatever; be it therefore further enaded by the to extend to # authority afore Paid, That nothing in cither of the faid recited the charging ads, or in any other ad or ads of parliament contained, (hall with anv duty extend, or be conftrued to extend, to charge or impofe any duty whichwineor whatever upon any flafks in which wine or oil (ball or may be oilftiallbeim-imported into Great Britain, from and after the firft day of June ported after one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven/	Junc l1*b

X.	And whereas the officers of his Majejly's cujloms are now authorized, in cafes where the contents of packages imported into this kingdom from foreign parts are not particularly deferibed and fet forth in /be report of the mafier of the veffel, to open and examine fuch packages: and whereas it is expedient that the Jaid officers fhould, in like manner, be authorized to examine, and, if necefjary, to bring to bis Majejly's wareboufe at the cujlom-houfe for that purpofe, any bale, taji, cafe, trunk, parcel, or other package whatever, reported for exportation^ for the purpofe of examining the contents thereof \ in order as ouch as poffible to prevent the fraudulent unfhipping or landing the fame in this kingdom on the paffiage outwards of fuch veffiel from this kingdom; be it therefore further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the firft day of June one thou- From June I, fand feven hundred and eighty-feven, where the mailer, or other ©Hhe perfen having or taking the charge or command of any (hip or cuftoms may veffel, (hail report any bales, cafks, cafes, trunks, parcels, or open all bales, other packages whatever, for exportation, in the fame (hip or &c. on board veffel, whether the contents of fuch bales, cafks, cafes, trunks,	*

parcels, or other packages whatever, (hall be mentioned in fuch pa^gei for report or not, M (hall and may be lawful for any officer or offi- exportation cers of his Majefty’s cuftoms to open fuch bales, cafks, cafes, hare been re-irunks, parcels, or other packages whatever on board fuch (hip ported, See.; or vcflel fo reported, and examine the contents thereof, or to bring them on fliorc to his Majefty’s warehoufe for the port

where

Digitized by

but not to extend to veflels coming from Alia, Africa, or America.

ft6Geo.3c.40,

recited.

and the ma-nifefts therein required (hall, for (hips within the limits of the Ea(l India company’s charters, be delivered to, and authenticated by the perfon who fhall deliver the laft dif-patches; and For (hips from China, by the company’s chief fuper-cargo there.

Anno viccfimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 32. [1787.

where fuch report is made, if it (hall be neceffary ; and fuch officer or officers (hall be, and is and are hereby indemnified in fo doing, and fhall not be liable or fubjeCf to any aCtion for damages, or other profecution or fuit whatever for the fame: pro* vided neverthelefs, that this aCt (hall not extend, or beconftrued to extend, to any (hip or veflel coming or arriving from any port of Afta* Africa, or America.

XI.	And whereat by an aft, made in the twenty-fixth year of bit prefent Majeftys reign, intituled, An aCt for regulating the production ot manifefts, and for more effectually preventing fraudulent practices in obtaining bounties and drawbacks, and in the clandeftine relanding of goods; it was (amongft other things) enafted, That, from and afttr the times in the faid at1 mentioned, to goods or commodities Jhould be imported or brought into Great Britain from any port or place whatfoever in parts beyond the feat, in enj Jbip or veffcl whatever belonging, in the whole or in part, to bis Majejly's fuhjefts, unlefs the maflcr, or other perfon having or tiling the charge or command of every fuch Jbip or veffel refpeftivtlj importing fuch goods, Jhould have on board a manifefl or manifefU, or content or contents, in writing, ftgned by fuch majler or other perfon, and 'containing the particulars in the faid aft mentioned; which foii manifejl was to be delivered to, and authenticated by, fuch perfon os therein is mentioned: and whereas the mode direfted by the Jaii 08 for authenticating manifefts is not applicable to the cafe of Jbips bringing goods from the Eaft Indies and China ; be it therefore further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That in refpeCt to (hips dif-patched from any ports or places within the limits of the charters granted to the united company of merchants of Englsnd trading to the Ecjl Indies,, the manifefts and contents in the faid recited a Ct mentioned (hall be delivered to, and authenticated by, the perfon who (hall deliver the Uft difpatches for each (hip refpeCVively bound for Great Britain, who is hereby required to be a fervant of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indies, of not lefs than feven years Banding; and in refpeCt to (hips difpatcbed from any ports or places in China, fuch manifeft or contents (hall be delivered to, and authenticated by, the faid united company’s chief fupn cargo there, inftead of the officers of the cuftoms, or other per-fons in the faid recited a<ft mentioned; and the (aid manifefts, and duplicates thereof refpeCtively, (hall be dealt with and ufed in like manner, and (hall be of the like force and effeCt the manifefts and duplicates in the faid aCt mentioned; and in cafe of the want thereof, or not conforming to the {tiles, regulations, and directions, relating thereto, in the faid recited id contained, the offender or offenders (hall be fubjeCt to the like penalties and forfeitures as are provided in the faid recited ad refpcCting the manifefts or contents directed to be delivered to, and authenticated by, the perfons in the faid aCt mentioned.

XII.	And whereas feveral foreign-built Jbips or vejfeh have hen feized and condemned in the Britifh Weft India ijlands for illicit trade, and now lie there undifpofed of, fuch Jbips or vejjeh not being

Digitized by

Google

i787.]	Anno vicefimo feptimo Georgii III. C.32.	229

JaUable^ and there not being any law to authorize the difpofal thereof in any other way; be it therefore further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the commiflioners Commiflion-of his Majefty cuftoms in England for the time being, or any cr8 of the cuf-four or more of them (if they lhall think fit) to diredfc the hull reS^he^ull" of every (hip or veflel which (hall have been, or which may of any veflei hereafter be feized and condemned in any of the colonies, plan- feized in tations, iflands, or territories to his Majefty belonging in Ame-rica or the IVefi Indies, for any illicit trade or commerce, to be tj£8 n" broken up, and the materials thereof fold to the beft advantage, broken up, and the produce of fuch fale (hall be accounted for and applied and the roate-by the colUdlor and comptroller, or other principal officers ofria*8 f°W» the cuftoms in whofe cuftody fuch (hip or ve(fel (hall be lodged and fecured, in like manner as the produce of (hips or velfels feized and condemned in the faid colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories refpe&ively, are now by law directed to be accounted for and applied.

XIIL And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

Thar, from and after the hrfl day of June one thoufand feven From June t, hoodred and eighty-feven, all goods which have been feized, 1787,all feized and are now in his Majefty’s warehoufes, or which (hall here-after be feized, by any officer or officers of the cuftoms, and forT they are condemned in his Majefty’s court of exchequer, or which (hall delivered be delivered by writ of delivery iflfued by the faid court, either from his Ma-a compofition by licence, or on payment of the appraifed ^eft^8 warc*

on

value, or in any other way, or on any other terms whatever, provided the feizure of the fame (hall have been, or (hall be, according to law, and the goods (hall be capable of receiving a dear, diftinguifhable, and legible ftamp or impreflion or feai thereon, (hall, before they are delivered from his Majefty’s warehouses in any of the ports of Great Britain, be damped or fealed in fuch manner as the commiffioners of the cuftoms in England for the time being, or any four or more of them, or the com-miflioners of the cuftoms in Scotland for the time being, or any three or more of them, (hall refpedfively diredt; and the faid commiflioners are hereby refpedhvely authorized and required to caufe damps or feals for that purpofe to be provided ; and if If any officer any officer of the cuftoms, or other perfon having the charge or negledh to

cuftody of fuch warehoufes refpectively, (hall wilfully negledfc or fuch

1 cl	c	1 c u ,	t	& a goods, or ac-

omit to (tamp or feal any fuch goods previous to their being de- £eptg any fee

livered therefrom, or (hall take any fee.or reward whatever as for damping

a confldcration for affixing fuch ftamp or feal, fuch officer, or them,hefor-

other perfon, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of two hundred a?^and

pounds, to the ufe of his Majefty, and (hall be rendered inca- fJomferving

pable of ferving his Majefty in any civil capacity whatever. his Majefty?

XIV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

That if any perfon or perfons whatever (hall at any time forge Perfonecounty counterfeit, or (hail caufe or procure to be forged or counter- terfeitmg,&c. feted, or (hall be aiding or affifting in forging or counterfeiting,	t(*

any ftamp or feal, to referable any ftamp or feal which (hall be felony/0* provided or ufed in purfuance of this aft, or (hall forge or coun-

<^3	terfeit,

Digitized by

floods with counterfeit Stamps to be forfeited, and the perfons in Whofe cuftody they are found forfeit jool.

nauthorized 'bos hav-ng (tamps in jtheir cuftody, to forfeit 500L

Commiffion-er* of the cuf-»toms may re-‘Ifcore goods,

- &c. on being fatisfied that he forfeiture rofc without ny defign of {fraud in the roprietor,on uch conditions as they may think mfonable.

If fuch condi ns are not Complied with,they y be con-mned.

Anno viccfitno feptimo GfeoRGii III.^c. 32. [1

terfeit, or (hall caufe or procure to be forged or counter^ or (hall be aiding or affifting in forging or counterfeits impreffion of any fuch (lamp or feal, all and every fuch 0! and offenders (hall be deemed guilty of felony, and on thereof lawfully convifted, (hall be deemed and adjudged a and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without ben clergy; and if any perfon or perfons whatever (hall have i her, or their cuftody or poffeffion, any goods having a co feit (lamp or feal thereon, knowing the fame to be counter all fuch goods (hall be forfeited, and all and every fuch [ and perfons (hall refpeftively forfeit the fum of five hu pounds, one moiety thereof to be to the ufe of his Majeftjfd the other moiety to the perfon who (hall inform or fue raj fame; and if any perfon or perfons whatever, other tha perfon or perfons who (hall be authorized bv the faid co fioners of the cuftoms in England and Scotland refpe&ivet] that purpofe, (hall, by any means whatever, have in his, I their cuftody or poffeffion, any (lamp or feal provided , (aid commiffioners of the cuftoms as aforefaid rcfpe&ively*] the purpofes aforefaid, whether fuch perfon or peribns A (hall not have made ufe of the feme, (hall forfeit five ha pounds, one moiety to be to the ufe of his Majefty, other moiety to the perfon who (hall inform or fue for tl

XV.	And be it further enafted by the authority a That in cafe any goods or commodities whatever, or any ( veffels, boats, horfes, cattle, or carriages, (hall be feized 1 feited by virtue or in purfuance of any aft or afts of parli relating to the revenue of cuftoms, it (hall and may be I for the commiffioners of the cuftoms in England, or any ft more of them, for the time being, and the commiffioners c cuftoms in Scotland, or any three or more of them, for tf being, on evidence given to their fatisfaftion that the fo arofe without any defign or intention of fraud in the pr or proprietors of fuch goods or commodities, (hips, boats, horfes, cattle or carriages, to order the feme to be 1 to fuch proprietor or proprietors, in fuch manner, and < terms and conditions, as under the circumftances of 1 (hall appear to the faid commiffioners of the cuftoms in j and Scotland refpeftively to be reafonable, and as they (ha!

(it to direft; and if the faid proprietor or proprietors lhall < with the terms and conditions preferibed by fuch comtniffio in England and Scotland refpeftively, it (hall not be lawft the officer or officers who (hall feize fuch goods or coma ties, (hips, veffels, boats, horfes cattle, or carriages, or ar perfon or perfons whatever, on his or their behalf, to | in any manner for the condemnation thereof; but if fii prietor or proprietors (hall not comply with the terms and < ditiont preferibed by the faid commiffioners tefpeftivdy, I officer or officers (hall be at liberty, and is tand are hen ‘ thorized to proceed for the condemnation of fuch commodities, (hips, veffels, boats, horfes, cattle, or <

r 1

Digitized by Google

1787-] Anno ricefimo feptfmo GeoROU III. c. $il

if this law had not been made; provided always. That if fuch proprietor or proprietors (hall accept the terms and conditions prescribed by the faid commiflioners of the cuftoms refpeCtively, fuch proprietor or proprietors (hall not have, or be entitled to any recompencc or damage on account of the feizure or detention of fuch goods or commodities, (hips, veflels, boats, borfes, cattle, or carnages, or have or maintain any aCtion whatever for the fame; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwith-(landing.

XVI.	And whereas by an abl, paffid in this prefent fejjion of par* Moment, intituled, An a6k for repealing the feveral duties of cuf-toms and excife, and granting other deities in lieu thereof, and for applying the faid duties, together with the other duties com-pofing the publick revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king into this kingdom, and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remain* ing in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt, the duties impofed upon timber, flows, and other fpecies of wood, in lieu of the former duties on thofe articles thereby repeated, are in many inflames increafed: and whereas flooding contracts may have been made before the tenth day of May m thoufandfeven hundred and eighty feven, by the importers or pro-frittors of timber, flaws, and other fpecies of wood, for ferving per-fm therewith refpeftively, to be delivered, in point of time, after the faid tenth day of May; be it therefore enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the faid tenth day of May, the importers or proprietors of fuch timber, (laves, and other fpecies of wood, the duties on which have been by the faid aCl increafed respectively, and which (hall be delivered after the faid tenth day of May, in purfuance of fuch contrads, (hall be allowed to add to the prices refpeCtively agreed for in fuch contrads fo much as the duties charged by the faid recited aCt refpeCtively exceeded the duties payable upon fuch timber, Haves, and other fpecies of wood, at and immediately before the faid tenth day of May; and fuch importers or proprietors (hall, by virtue of this aCt, be paid fuch fum as the duties fo increafed (hall amount to.

XVII.	And whereas by the [aid aft, pajfed in this prefent fefflon if parliament, it is among other things enabled and declared. That the importers or proprietors of any cambricks or French lawns, which, before the tenth day of May one thoufand feven hundred and tigity-feven, Jhall have been imported into Great Britain for exportation from any port or place in the European dominions of tho French king, and lodged according to law in a warehoufe belonging to bis Majefly, or which /hall, on or before the tenth day of May ont thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, be lawfully fo imported into Great Britain for that purpoje, /ball, after the tenth day of May one thoufand feven hundred and eigbty-feven, be at liberty to take and revive the fame into their own cuflody and poffefflm, either for fate and ftfmption in this kingdom or otberwife,futb importers or proprietors

Sr4	-	. W

google

Digitized by 4

*3t

Proprietors accepting fuch conditions, not entitled to any recom-pence on account of feizure.

%1 Geo.j.ci*. recited.

From May io$ 1787, the difference between the duties on wood before and after that day, may be added to the price of wood contracted for before, but not delivered till after that day.

232	Anno	vlcefimo	feptimo Georgji IIL c. 32. [1787.

firjl making a regular entry of all fucb cambricks or French lawns with the proper officer of the cufloms, and paying fuch duty for the fame as cambricks or French lawns imported after the tenth day of French cam- May one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, are by the foU portedlfor	ma<^e fubje& an& liable to: and whereas it is jufl that the duty

exportation, PQl^ or t0 be paid down according to law* on wan hoofing fucb cam-before May bricks or French lawns, Jh all be taken and deemed to be in part of the io, 1787, may duty impofed by the faid aft; be it therefore ena&ed by the autho-ofhisMa^ r^y aforefaid, That the importers or proprietors of fuch cam* fty’s ware- * hricks or French lawns lhall, on taking the fame out of fuch boufes, on warehoufe, in purfuance of the faid all, pay fo much money, payment of and no more, by way of duty, as, together with the fum paid betwecnTh^* ^own or t0 be down as aforefaid on lodging the lame in fum paid on	warehoufe,	(hall	refpelfcively amount to the duty impofed

their being by the faid alt upon cambricks and French lawns imported rc-warehoufed fpeltively into Great Britain in purfuance of the faid alt, after tie a ?mC dfed tcnlb, day °f May one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-bv V*G«o * feven; any thing in the faid alt contained t q the contrary not-cli I	withftanding.

XVIII.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, and fuch cam- That if any cambricks or French lawns (hall have been imported bricks not into Great Britain on or before the tenth day of May one thou-ware^oufed ^and ^evcn hundred and eighty-feven, for exportation as afore-may be deli- faid, but which (hall not have been lodged as aforefaid in a vered to the warehoufe for that purpofe on the faid tenth day of May9 the proprietors, importers or proprietors thereof (hall have the fame delivered to rneeBtryinak" them either for fale and confumption in this kingdom or other-thereof,and wife, upon making a regular entry thereof with the proper offi* paying the cer of the cuftoms, and paying fuch duty for the fame as cam-{aid duties, bricks or French lawns imported after the faid tenth day of May

are by the faid all made fubjelt and liable to refpectively.

XIX.	And whereas divers perfons may have incurred penalties Jot offences committed againjl the laws now in forte, prohibiting the im» poriation of cambricks or French lawns into this kingdom otherwifi than by licence and for exportation, and prohibiting the wear or ufe thereof in this kingdom, by reafon of fuch perfons having bad the fame in their tujiody or poffeffm for fale or otberwife ; be it there*

Ho perfons, fore enalled by the authority aforefaid. That no perfon or per-except thofe fons whatever (other than fuch as are now under profecution unc!cr PJ°f** for the fame) lhall be profecuted by bill, plaint, information, ot be profecuted a&ion of debt, for any penalty or penalties incurred on or be-for having had fore the tenth day of Mav one thoufand feven hundred and in their pof- eighty-feven, on account of having had in their cuftody or pof-fefiion French fe|flon for fale or otherwife any fuch cambricks or French lawns, fale, prior to* but that a^ fuch penalties lhall be wholly pardoned and re* 1 May 10,1787. leafed; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwith- I Handing. '	' f ' f	‘

XX. And whereas by the faid lajl before recited aft it is among/! other things enafted, 7bat, from and after the tenth day sfMay one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, all and fingular the JubJidies, cujloms, impofitiensj or duties whatever (refpefting the revenue of

*	cujlmt)

Digitized by

Google

iL iiiiu mis &iuguuui) ui wuiv.il ciimca nave rcauceu oy

all be charged with, and fhall be fubjeft and *7Gep. refpeftively impofed by the laid recited aft,

17J7J Anno vfcefimo feptirao Georgii III. c. 31,	*33

) and all and fingular the duties of excifey payable to hit Mar jejiy, his heirs and fucceffirs, by virtue of any aft or afts of parliament in force, upon the importation of any goods, wares y or merchandise into Great Britain, J,hall ceafe and determine, fave and except at therein is excepted; and that in lieu and inflead thereof from and lifter the tenth day of May one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fevetiy there fhall be raifedy levied, colleftedy and paid, unto his Ma~ jejly> bis heirs and Jucceffbrs, upon the importation of any goods, wares, or merchandize into the kingdom of Great Britain, from parts beyond the feat, the feveral duties of cuftoms and excife, as the feme are refpeftively infer ted, defer ibed, and Jet forth in certain febe-dules and tables to the faid aft annexed: and whereas it is expedient that all good, wares, or merchandizey on which the duties impofed by the faid aft are reduced lower than thofe repealedy and which have been imported or brought into this kingdomy but of which entries have nn been maiiy or which fhall or may be imported or brought into this Goo<j8 kingdomy on or before the faid tenth day of May one thoufand feven 0f which no hundred and eigbty-feveny Jhould be charged with the duties impofed entries bare hj the faid aft and no other; be it therefore enafted by the au- been made, thority aforefaid, That all goods, wares, or merchandize, on duties”0* which the duties have been fo reduced, and which have been have been imported or brought into this kingdom, of which entries have reduced by

not been made, (hall.......................

liable to the duties

and no other.	ties only.

XXL And whereas by the faid lajl before recited aft^ made and faffed in this prefent feffion of parliamenty certain duties of cujloms are impofed upon coals, culm, and cinders, brought coajtxytfe within the kingdom of Great Britain: and whereas doubts may arife con-(truing the true intent and meaning of the words inferted in the J'che-hie marked (A) annexed to the faid recited afty as far as the fame may relate to* the duties to be charged on coahy culm, or ctndersy ^ . brought or carried coajlwife, or from port to port in Great Britain 5 impofed by be it therefore enafted by the authority atorefaid, That the fe- the faid ad on ycral and refpeftive duties of cuftoms, impofed by the faid aft coals, &c. upon coals, culm, and cinders brought coaftwife within Great uTbe***" Britainy (hall be charged and paid upon all coals, culm, and barged ooall cinders refpeftively, which (hall be (hipped or waterborne in coals which in order to be (hipped or laid on board any (hip or veflel to be (hall be car-carried by lea, and which (hall be carried by fea in any (hip or by fea vdftlfrom any port or placd within the kingdom of Great Britainy amTlandedTiii snd which (hall be imported, brought or landed in any other port another in or place within the faid kingdom of Great Britainy fave and ex- Great Britain, cept in Inch cafe$ where fpecial provifion is particularly and ex- "[here prefsly made to the contrary in the faid recited aft, or in the prorided^n icheduie or tables annexed thereto.	the (aid aft.

XXII.	And whereas by the faid aft paffed in this prefent feffion of farhamenty it is among other things direfted, That the duties on cods fhall be paid in ready money, without liberty to bond the fame: and whereas it is expedient to permit the duties payable upon coals brought coafhmfcy or from any port or placey to any other port or place mbiu tbts kingdom, to b( feared by bond; be it therefore further	^

'	'	‘	•	Digitized	by	G'OOgl'*na<aed,

*34	Anno	vlcefinlo feptimo GeorGII III. C. 31. [17S;;

Duties on enadted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and maybei coals brought lawful for the importer or proprietor, or for the known ago* be fccurcd^b^ °r ^or l^c *mPorter or proprietor of any coals which Sufl bond * y be brought coaftwife, or from any port or place, to any 0tber 9 port or place within Great Britain, to fecure fuch duties by bond, which bond (hall be given to his Majefty, his heirs fucceffors, in a penalty equal to double the amount of fuch d*; ties, by fuch importer or proprietor, or fuch known agent sr' fadtor, together with the mafter or other perfon having or tik» ing the charge or command of the (hip or veflel in which lock coals (hall have been brought coaftwife, or from any port« place to any other port or place within Great Britain, with coo* dition that fuch importer or proprietor, or fuch known agent* fadtor, (hall well and truly pay or caufe to be paid to the ufe of his Majefty, within fixteen days from the day of the date of foci bond, to the colledtor of the duties upon coals, in the port, member or creek in this kingdom, to which fuch coals (bafl have been brought coaftwife, or from any other port or place, the full fum which (hall be due and payable for the coals delivered out of fuch (hip or veflel.

XXIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority lfore&id, That in cafe any importer or proprietor of any coals brought coaftwife, or from any port or place to any other port or place within Great Britain, or any agent of or fadtor for fuch importer or proprietor, who (hall have entered into bond as tfottbH grous of being (hall be defirous of becoming fecurity for the duties oa Mf before ot^cr c*rgo of coals, during the time fuch bond (hall rattfl bond be dif- undifeharged, it (hall be lawful for the faid colledtor of the d* ties on coals to refufe fuch importer or proprietor, or fuch agtft or fadtor, to be again fecurity for any of the faid duties paym upon coals, until fuch importer or proprietor, or fuch agent or: fadtor (hall, together with three fufficient fecurities, to be if proved of by fuch colledtor, have given bond to fuch colled** - to the ufe or his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, in the pew paminttf16 ^um ^our t*lou^an^ pounds, with condition that fuch importer duties. or proprietor, or fuch fadtor or agent (hall, from time to time.

well and truly pay or caufe to be paid to the faid colledtor til fuch fum or Turns of money as are or (hall be due and payabb by law for the duties on any coals delivered out of any (hip or veflel, and for the payment of which duties fuch importer or proprietor of fuch agent or fadtor, fyall Jiave entered ipto hood as aforefaid.

but If a perfon who has entered into fuch bond ihould be de-

charged, he may be required, with three fecurities, to give bond in the penalty of

XXIV. And whereat by the fchedule marled (A) annexed it tit faid aft made and pajfed in this prefent fejfion of parliament, brants of any country or place, is charged, on importation, with duty at aim* pence per gallon; and geneva is charge4, on importation, with duty* five-pence per gallon: and whereas it is expedient that gentvoJhU pay the like duty of nine-pence per gallon, and be allowed a iretwboA Duty on im- accordingly, be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, gcncva°to be That lhe duties to be raifed, levied, collcdted, aqd paid, upon 9d. per gallon, geneva, by virtue and in purfuance of the faid adt, (hall be after and drawback the rate of nine-pence per gallon } and fuch gcpc?a (hall, pa

)ogle	PF*.

1787.] Anno vicefirao feptimo GeorGII lit C. 33.'

exportation, be allowed a drawback of eight-pence per gallon; on export** anything therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding. **ou 8<*.

aXV. And whereas a certain fpecies of wood, called Ebony, being the growth of Africa, is become very ufeful and neteffary to cabinet makers* and other artificers in this kingdom, and it would tend to the improvement of the manufactures thereof if liberty was given to im» fort the fame into this kingdom from Africa dutyfree; be it therefore farther ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That, from and From June i, after the firft day of June one thoufand feven hundred and x7*7* ebony eighty-feven, it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or per- fa^red^may Ions to import into this kingdom dire&ly from any part of Africa* be imported J Mfln/i^-builtveflfels, owned, navigated, and registered accord- from Africa mg to law, wood called Ebony* being the growth and product duty-free, of Africa, provided the fame (hall be manufactured, without paying any (ubfidy, cuftom, or duty whatever for the fame; any law, ulage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XXXIII.

An aft for granting to his Majcfty a certain fum of money out of the consolidated fund; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-(even; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffioa of parliament.

*A00£00l. granted out of the confolidated fund, for the fervice of the current year. The treafuiy impowered to raife the lame or any part thereof, by low or exchequer bills, on the credit of the confolidated fund. All period* who (hall lend any money upon the credit of this aft to have a UBy of ban, with orders for repayment of the money, with intereft. If it iafl be judged more advifeabte, the treafury may raife the (aid fum by acbeqoer bills inftead of loans; the bills in fuch cafe to be made in the manner, preferibed by the malt aft of this feffion, c. 4. All advantages ad penalties in the faid aft of this feffion, relating to loans or exche-coer dills thereby authorized to be made forth, extended to this aft. The uid exchequer bills, intereft, and charges, are to be paid out of the consolidated fund. Bank authorized to lend to his Majefty the fum of Motyoool. notwithftanding an aft of 5 and 6 Gul. 3c Marias, c. ao. The (tan of 1,116,0711. xs. xxd. iq. remaining in the exchequer on April 5, 17S7, forplus of finking fund; 74,101). 99. xod. for the difpofition of parliament; i8o,oool. of army layings, 1785, to be iffued toward the (apply; 44>8o61. as. 7d. of army favings in 1785, and 1786, to be applied towards the extraordinary expences of the land forces in 1786. Monies arifing by the malt aft, c. 4. Land tax aft, c. 5. Lottery aft. Loans, a,500,0001. cT 13; further loans, 1,500,0001. c. a4; further bills, Sjjoo^oool. c. *5; x,ai6,07*l. as. xid. aq. remaining in the exchequer April 5,1787, furplus of finking fund; 74,1011. 98. xod. for the difpofition of parliament; i8o,oool. army favings 1785; and 1,400,000!. out of the confolidated fund; (hall be applied (with the refidue of the (ale of French prizes) to the ufes hereafter exprefled, viz. a,a86pool. foi* naval fcnices; 18,000 (eamen (including 3,860 marines), for viftuals, wages, wear and tear, office of ordnance for fea fervice, ordinary of navy, half-pay to lea and marine officers, for maintaining 3,860 marines, and to* wards buildings, rebuildings and repairs of fhips for 1787; 318,5761. 17s. jd, for the charges of the office of ordnance, for land fervice for 1787;

4*. ad. towards maintaining the land forces, dec. for 1787, m. 648,6871. is. aq. for defraying the charge of 17*638 effeftivc men, aadapjo invalids, officers, Ac. in Great Britain, Ac. 134,618!. 18s. 5d. for forces in the plantations, Ac. 6,834!* 19s* ad. for difference between Brififfi and IxiOa eflabliihments, Ac. 6,409!. 8s. for pay of general and ftaff i> ,	officers,

Digitized by

Google

Anno viceCmo feptimo GeoRgii III. c. 33. [1787;

officers, &c. 23,110b m. 6d. for fupernumerary officers, &c.; 8,230b yd. iq. for regiments ferving in the Eaft Indies; 59,2531. 12s. id. to the pymafter general, fecretary at war, &c.; 171,776!. ns. 6d. for reduced officers of land forces and marines; 213I. 78. 6d. for reduced officers, &c. of the horfe guards; 55,0911. ios. and 419071. zos. for reduced officers of Britifb American forces; 3*4*21. xxs. 8d. for officers late in the fervice of the ftates general; 171,5151. 15s. xod. for Chelfea HofpiUl; XI,8iib 88. 6d. for widows; 3,153!. 11s. iq for difference between the Britifh and Irifh eftablifhmcnts for feveral battalions in 1786; 410,3x11 17s. 4d. for extraordinary expences of land forces: 1,500,000b to discharge exchequer bills of 26 Geo. 3. c. 31; 1,000,000!. more to difchirge exchequer bills of 26 Geo. 3. c. 33; 3,000,000!. more for paying off exchequer bills, 26 Geo. 3. c. 97; 12,138s 16s. 4d. iq. iffucd in pur-fuance of add re flea of the houfe of commons; 15,000!. towards carrying on the buildings at Somerfet houfe; 5,851b 17s. 6d. for the civil eta-blifoment of Nova Scotia; 1,900!. for the civil eftablifhment of the iffiand of St. John in America; 4,300b for the civil e(tab!ifoment of NewBrusf-wick: i,xool for the civil eftablifhment of Cape Breton; 1,181b tot. for Newfoundland; 2,600b for the civil officers of Eaft Florida; 580b for the (alary of the chief juftice of the Bermudas; 4,380b for the civil eftablife-mentoftbe Bahamas; 2,877b ios. for the civil eftablifoment in New South Wales; 13,000b for forts in Africa; 3,000! to the Britifh Mufcua; 9,2341. for the roads of communication in North Britain j 5,139!. 41- id. xq. to difeharge bills drawn by the a&ing governor of the Bahamas, the lieutenant governor of St. John, the lieutenant governor of Ron Scotia, and the lieutenant governor of New Brunfwick; i.ml.os.&b for money paid to T. Duridas and J. Pemberton, efors commiffiooen for expences going to America; 890b for money iffued to Mr. James Mouatt, chief clerk to comtniffioners enquiring into fees, See. 457I. ios. 6d. for money paid to Richard Bradley, for value of goods bought to purchase the ifland of Le Main, in the river Gambia as a fettksse&t for cohvi£ts, &c; ixapool. to be paid to the {offerers in America, for prefent relief; 13,600b to the fiifferers in Eaft Florida; tfiool for fecuring the harbour of Catwater, and Sutton Pool near Ply* mouth; 1,500b to make good money iffucd to the fecretary of the commiffioners of publick accounts; 700b to make good money iffucd to the fecretary of commiffioners fbr enquiring into Ioffes in Eaft Florida; 2,200b to make good money iffued to the fecretary to the tommif-fioners for enquiring into the land revenues of the crown; 4.445b ifr xxd. to make good money iffued to the fecretary of the commiffioners for American loyalifts; 522b to David Jenkinfon, at compenfatioo for three firft payments toward* loan in 1784* forfeited to the publick by omitting future payments, on account of illnefs; 2,307b 9s. Vd. to Charles Pole, agent to Mafahod de la Mar, for damages by feizure and detention of the (hip Herftelder, captain Kemp Janffen Kleyn, laden with merchandize on account of the emperor or Morocco; 18,574b 13s. xod. 3q. for deficiency for annuities, 31 Geo. i. c. *2; 127,796b 19s. 3d tq. for deficiency for annuities, 18 Geo. 3.C. *»; 35,039b 13s. aq. for deficiency for annuities, 19 Geo. 3. c. 18; 784,1341. 38. ad. aq. for deficiency fair annuities, 20 Geo. 3. c. 16; 11,135b 59. nd. 3q. for deficiency for annuities, 22 Geo. 3. c. 8; 292,448b 14s. yd. xq. for deficiency for annuities, 23 Geo. 3. c. 35; 532,652b i8s. 4d. for deficiency iot annuities, 242nd 25 Geo. 3. c. 10, and 32; 233,410b 6s. yd. iq. for deficiency of duties on tea, by 24 Geo. 3. c. 38, and 25 GcO. 3. c 74$ 240,324b 19s. iod. j-Sths, for deficiency of grants for 1786. Supplies’ riot' to be applied to any other ufes than are directed by this a61. Rules to be o&ferved in the application of 172,776b ns. 6d. granted for half pay; no perfon under 16 years of age when regiments, &c. reduced, or notin adtiial fervice, or having other employment under the King, nor chaplain of any garrifon, or having any ecclefiaftical preferment, nor officer having refigried his commiffion, or had no commiffion, nor any other who would not have been otherwife intitled, as reduced officers, nor officers of 5 regiments pf dragoons and 8 regiments of foot lately dilbanded in Ireland (except w .	■	thoic

Digitized by v^ooQle

*37

17*7] Anno vicefimo feptimo GeoRGH III. C. 34.

thofc token off half pay eftabli foment of Great Britain) to have any part eftbe (aid 171,7761. m. 6b. granted aa aforefaid, by 16 Geo. 5. c. 6s, a fin not exceeding 171,666!. 10s. jd. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers, for 1786 Overplus monies, above fatipfying half pay officers, to be difpofed of to officers who were maimed, See. in the late van, or to officers widows and children, as his Majefty (hall direlt.

CAP. XXXIV.

An cB to emend an aft, pojfed in the nineteenth year of the reign of bisfrefent Majefty, intituled, An aft to enable the chancellor and council of the duchy of Lancafter to fell and difpofe of certain fee-farm rents, and other rents, and to enfranchife copyhold and cuftomary tenements within their furvey; and to encourage the growth of timber on lands held of the faid / duchy *, and to enable the faid chancellor and council to difebarge incumbrances offering the pojfejfions of the faid duchy.

WHEREAS by an afty pajfed in the nineteenth year of the Preamble, reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An aft to enable the chancellor and council of the duchy of Lancajler to fell and 19	0,3‘c'4*’

difpofe of certain fee-farm rents, and other rents, and to enfranchife copyhold and cuftomary tenants within their furvey; and to encourage the growth of timber on lands held of the faid duchy, it was (amongfl other things) enabled, That it Jhould be law-fid to and for the chancellor and council of the duchy of Lancafter, for tie time beings to fell and difpofe y and thereupon to grant and a jure, in tbe name of the King’s majejly, his heirs and fuccejfors, under the fed of the faid duchy, unto or to tbe ufe of the refpeftive pur chafer5 thereof and to their heirs for ever, all and fingular fee-farm rents, rttts-fervice, rents-feek or dry-rentchantry-rents, guild-rents, and other rents due and payable to the King’s majejly, as parcel of tbe pof-fejEtns of bis jaid duchy, and then being within tbe furvey and receipt if the faid duchy, and the officers of the fame, at and for fucb confi-dtratiens in money as the faid chancellor and council Jhould think fit, nothing lefs (ban after the rate of twenty-five years purchafe of the pefsamount of any fuch rent or rents: and it was thereby alfo pro-aided and enabled, That the immediate owner of the lands and here-Suments, whereout any of the aforefaid rents were due, payable, or ijtingy jhould be preferred in the purchafe thereof refpeftively before at] other^ fo that fuch immediate owner Jhould pay and difchdrge all Omars of rent due from him or her, and tender himfelf or herfelf in ferjon, or by his or her agent, to the faid chancellor and council, to mtrafl for the purchafe thereof and Jhould perfeft his or her con-trcQ% and pay the purchafe money into the hands of the receiver-gem ntrol of tbe revenues of the faid duchy, on or before the fixth day ^November one tboufand /even hundred and eighty, at fuch rate as fmldbt agreed upon, not being lefs than after tbe rate of twenty five jeers purchafe, as aforefaid: and it was by the faid aft further en-cBti, That all tbe monies to arift by fale of the faid rents, or by the mfrmhifement and difcharging of any copyhold, or cuftomary mef-ftageSi lands, tenements, or hereditaments, under or by virtue of the fetfeft) jbmld be paid into the hands of the receiver-general of tbt 0	revenues

Digitized by

*3*	Anno	vicefimo fcptimo GboROII III. c. 34. [

twenties of the duchy of Lancafter for the time being, and t fold monies Jhould, from time to time,	the fame Jhould be t

and received, be laid out by the order of the jaid chancellor and in the pur chafe of three per centum bank confolidated aunml in any of the publick funds tramferrable at the bank of Engh the name of The Duchy of Lancafter; and that all thee* fund, or flock, to be fo pur chafed, Jhould remain in the namti •Duchy of Lancafter, and Jhould not be transferred or trrnj without the authority of parliament, but that all theinterep faid annuities, fund, and flock, Jhould be, from time to tim unto the receiver-general of the faid duchy for the time being, t eel of the revenues of the faid duchy : and whereas, in purfuanu faid aft, fome few of the faid rents were fold and difpofed of, a copyhold or cufomary tenements have been enfranchised, ani tk ariftng by fuch/ales and enfranchifoments has been laid out andi in the purchafe of four thoufand eight hundred and fifty-mt twelve Jhillings and three-pence, three per centum bankemf .	annuities, in the name of The Duchy of Lancafter, according

directions of the faid aft: and whereas the greater part of tU by the faid aCt authorized to be fold, fill remain undifipofei« from the general objection made to the rate of purchafe limitd faid aCt, it is apprehended that unlefs fuch rate of purebafitk rated and reduced, the intent of the faid aCt, with refpeCt to i of the faid rents, will be in a great meafure defeated: be it tlx So much of €na^c<* by the King’s moft excellent majefly, by and wi recited aft as *dvice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and reftri&s the	tnons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the 1

foie of the	rity of the fame, That fo much of the faid recited a& as n

Xfcribed^to0	^vcra*	rcnts	herein	deferibed,	and	whk

noUefa than chancellor and council of the faid duchy of Lantafer arc d »5 years pur- impowered to fell, at a rate not lefs than twenty-five year chafe, repeal- chafe of the grofs amount of fuch rents, (hall be, and the ed*	is hereby repealed.

Authority II, And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, SYCr	fhall	and	may	be	lawful	to	and	for	the	chancellor	and	0

at any prices* °f the duchy for the time being, to fell and difpofc not under the thereupon to grant and allure, in the name of the King* following	jefty, his heirs and fucceftors, under the feal of the faidd

rates, viz.	unt0 or t0 tjlc ufc 0f tjlc refpe&ive purchasers thereof, 1

their heirs for ever, all and lingular the fee-farm rents, J fervice, rents-feck, quit-rents, chantry-rents, guild-rents other dry and unimprovable rents, which, by the faid recite were authorized to be fold, but which have cot been (ole difpofed of, and which now remain due and payable ti King’s majefty as parcel of the pofieffions of the faid duck and for fuch confiderations in money, and at and after rate of purchafe as the faid chancellor and council /hallj adequate and fufficient, or be able to procure for the fame being lefs for any rent amounting to or exceeding-one (h per annum, than after the (cveral rates of purchafe folio? (that is to fay),

Digitized by L^ooQie

1787*] Anno vicefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 34.	239

For any rent amounting to ten (hillings per annum, or up-For rents upwards, not lefs than twenty-four years purchafe of the net warda of ,os* taemnt thereof, after deducing the land tax chargeable yei^pur* thereon:	chafe;

For any rent amounting to five (hillings per annum, and being 51. and under tmder ten (hillings per annum, noj lefs than twenty-two years ios. it years purchafe of the grofs amount thereof:	purchafe;

And for any rent amounting to one (hilling per annum, and ss. and under bring under five (hillings per annum, not lefs than twenty years 51* *0 years purchafe of the grofs amount thereof.	purchafe.

III.	Provided always, and be it ena#ed, That the immediate Owners of owner of the lands and hereditaments, in refpe# of which any land® t° have of the (aid rent is or are due, payable or ifluing, (hall be pre- ^ p^^afe^ fared in the purchafe thereof refpetfively, before any other 0 p perfon, foasfuch immediate owner (hall pay and difeharge all arrears of rent due from him or her, and tender himfelf or her-felf in perfon, or Jby his or her agent, to the faid chancellor and council, to contra# for the purchafe thereof, and (hall perfe# his or her contra#, and pay the purchafe money which (nail be agreed upon for the fame into the hands of the receiver-general cf the revenues of the faid duchy, on or before the firft day of one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine.

' IV. And whereas, by means of feveral inclofures or divifions made ofjeverol common fields and wafie landf, lying within and being parcel of tie franibifes and liberties of the faid duchy of Lancafter, under ml iy virtue of divers alls of parliament y feveral fums of money have fc», and do now remain charged upon certain of his Majefiy's lands mi tenements within the faid franchifes and liberties: and whereas certain otter wafie lands within the faid franchifes and liberties have, iy tie authority of parliament, been lately fet out and awarded to Us Mmtftji and a confiderable expence will be necejfarily incurred in the hoofing, drainings fencings building upon, and improving the fame: md whereas it is fit and expedient that effectual provifion Jhould be tale for paying off the faid feveral fums fo remaining charged as [aid, and for defraying the expences to be incurred in manner lafi mentioned; be it therefore further ena#ed by the authority

____aid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the chan- Money arifen

ceBorand council of the faid duchy for the time being, by their ^efa^of the onler or orders to be made in court of revenue, to apply and faid rates,may appropriate as well the faid four thoufand eight hundred and be applied in fay-nine pounds twelve (hillings and three-pence, three per fatiafatfionof centum consolidated annuities, as alfo any other monies which fa™9 nay hereafter arife and be received by fale of the faid rents, or his Majefty’s* by the enfranchifement or difeharging of any copyhold or cuf- lands on ac-tomary mefiuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, under count of in-tftd by virtue of the faid recited a#, in payment, fatisfa#ion, and difeharge of all fuch fums of money as have been and are Rafter, &c. now charged upon any of his Majefiy’s lands or tenements, bring parcel of the pofleffions of his faid duchy, by reafon of any iaclofurc or divifion already made by the authority of parlia-

ment;	^

y Google

Digitized by *

I40	Anno vlcefimo feptimo Georoii III. c. 44.

mcnr; and of all fuch charges and expences as (hall be at any time hereafter incurred, by and under the order and direftionof the chancellor and council of the faid duchy, in the divi&ODf Inclofure, drainage, or other improvement of any allotmettfor allotments which have been fet out or alligned to his Maj his heirs or fucceflors, by the authority of parliament, as v faid ; and in the erefting fuitable habitations, and other cotRe-nient buildings, for the tenants of fuch allotment or aUotq^ffes refpeftively, in fuch manner as the faid chancellor and aatyd) Bank toper- (hall think fit; and the direftors of the bank of England foc’ifrc fbn authoriz- ^mc ^e,n? and they are hereby authorized and required, * upon requifition to them for that purpofe to be made byipy order or orders of the faid chancellor and council, undertbt hand of the attorney general of the faid duchy, to permit ^cli perfon as (hall in and by fuch order be named and impoWtved for that purpofe, to make a transfer or transfers of all oirany flock (landing part of the three per centum bank annuities which now arp, or in the name (hall hereafter be transferred, or (land in the books of the fcaak of the duchy. ;n tjje name of The Duchy of Lancajler\ and fthich transferor transfers, being made by the perfon fo to be authorized b|,tlif fignature of his own proper name, for and on the behalf oCtfe ' JCing’s majefty, in right of his duchy of Lancajler, (hall be^Jfcl, legal, and effectual for the transfer of the faid annuities that until the whole of the faid charges and expences ihallljpe been raifed and paid in the manner aforefaid, it (hall aottvy

mcil to catifj^e

ed by the chancellor and council of the (aid duchy, to transfer the

Chancellor

and council

be lawful to and for the faid chancellor and council

moUrarifing mon*cs t0 arife by fuch fales, enfranchifements, and difc[ by fale of the8 as aforefaid, to be retained and applied for that purpofe, witl Tates to an- *	^	r	’	*	1

f*cr expences.

inverting the fame in bank confolidated annuities, or other lick funds; any thing in the faid recited aft to the notwithftanding.	4

V.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared and ena&dt That, after the cofls and charges aforefaid (hall have been WJy paid and fatisfied, the refidue of the monies which (hall reqaua unappropriated and undifpofed of for the ufes and purposes

fore mention- aforefaid, whether the fame (hall arife by fale of any rents, or tj* ed,therefidue enfranchisement or change of tenure of any copyhold or cuT-of purchafe tomary lands, tenements, or hereditaments, under the laid re* cited aft of the nineteenth year of his Majefty’s reign, or under this prefent aft; and alfo all monies whatever which (haflafterwards arife and be received in the execution of the powers and authorities of the faid recited aft, (hall be paid, laid out, applied, and difpofed of, and the dividends, intereft, and other annual proceed thereof, received, taken, and enjoyed, according to the direftions of the faid recited aft, any thing in this ift contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That all and every agreement or agreements which (hall or may be made or entered into by, or by the order of, the chancellor and council of the faid duchy, with any mortgagee or mortgagees of any of his Majefty*s lands within the liberties and franchifes of the faid duchy, (uch mort-

^F*

After payment of all cods and charges be

tnoney to be laid out, &c. according to recited aft.

Agreements entered into by order of the chancellor and council with mort-

Digitized by LjOOQle

jjSj.] Anno vkcfimo fcptimo GfcoRGil lit. c. jf; 241

gages having been made by the authority of any a A or a As of parliament, or to or with any of hjs Majefty’s leflees of thet0^ ?a“d* lands fo in mortgage, or with the htribands, guardians, truftcct* or committees, of any fueh mortgagees of leflcAs, being re-fpeflhdy women under coverture, of under tfny other debility, (hall be, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be good, valid, and cffeAual in the law, for the diicharging of any fiich mortgage or mortgages, and for charging his Majefty’s faid lands, and the leflees thereof for the tithe being, with the payment to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, of the intereft of foch monies as (hall* in purfuance of this aA, and of any fuch agreements, be advanced by* or by the order of, the faia chancellor and council for thepufpofes afordaid, notwifhftand-ing any difability in the parties making or entering into tho fame agreements refpeAively.-

VII.	And be it further enaAed, 'l'hat all intereft, or money in refpeA of intereft, which (hall or may, by or undef any foch agreement or agreements refpeAively, be or become payable to his Majefty by or from any of his leflees, for or in refpeA of any fum or fums to be paid under the direAion of the faid chancellor and council, by virtue and in purfuance of this aA, and the powers and authorities hereby to them in that behalf giverty (hall be deemed and confidcred as of in the nature of rent payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefTors, and to be ifliring out vfthemeffuages, lands, and hereditaments, of hts Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, held and enjoyed by the party or parties to foch agreement or agreements, by virtue of any fuch fubfifting leafe or leafes, their executors, adminiftrators, and afligns; and fhiereftddeto m cafe of the nonpayment of fuch intereft,according to the terms, his Majefty tenor, and effeA of fuch agreement or agreements refpeAively, under aoy the feme (hall and may be diftrained for, and be recoverable SuSao^of and recovered by the King’s majefty, hts heir* artd fucceflbrs, this aA may and bis and thftir receivers, bailiffs, and other mmifters, as rent be diftrainedf due from foch leflees refpeAively, their executors, adminiftra- for aa for rent’* tors, and afligns, and iffuing out of, and chargeable upotf thd laid mefluages, lands, and hereditaments refpeAively,* in the fame and like manner, in all refpeAs whatsoever, as if the faid intereft, or money in refpeA of intereft, had been referved by way of rent unto the King’s majefty, or his predeceflbrs, or his or their heirs or fucceflbrs, in and by the fubfifting leafe or tafes under which the faid mefluages, lands, or hereditaments,-are held and enjoyed refpeAively.

CAP. XXXV.

An aft for appointing commiffionert further to enquire into the fees,* gratuities, perquifitrs, and emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the feveral pubtick offices therein mentioned yto examine intoauy abufes which may exift in-the fame; and to report ftith observations aa (halt occur to them, for the better conduAmg and managing ftebufiocfr tranfaAed in the faid offices. — This aA the fame as %$

0eo. 3. c. 19 and 16 Geo. 3. C. 66. and continued till the end of th£ next feffion of parliament.

K

Digitized by

6aP,

Gc . ^le

M

Voi. XXXVI,

Preamble.

*4 Geo. 3. c. 41.

H2 Anno yicefjpp: ftptiipo GgQjtfni 1JJ, 36, 37. [1787;

C A t>. XXXVI:

An aft to continue	law^retatirig fo the	free	importation	of	certain

4 raw hide^aod fkins from Iceland and the Britiih plantation* in Amt-rica; to the,allowing tf^c exportation of -certain quantities of wkat and other articles to his Mmrfty’s fugar colonies in America; to the prohibiting the Exportation of tools ancl utenfils made ufe of in the iron and fteel manUfaftures (tf this1 kingdom, and to prevent theft-* ducing of artificers and workmen «fo ployed in thofe manufactures to /go into parts beyond the.feas^ and to the granting a bounty on the exportation of certain fpecies of Brififh and Irilh linens exported,and taking off the duties onToreign raw linen yams made of flax itDported^

So much of 9 Geo. 3. c. 39, as relates to.the«free importation of raw hidtf and (kins froiq Ireland, and the Britiih American plantations, continued to June 1, 1791, &c.: fo much of 16 Geo. 3. c. 37, as relates to aOosiog the exportation of wheat, &c. to the fugar colonies in America; and of *5 Geo. 3. c. 69, as relates to the exportation to thofe colonies of wheat from Lancafter, continued to May 1, 1739. *6 Geo; 3.' c. 89, to explain as Geo. 3 c. 67, to prohibit tbe Exportation of tools ufed in the iron and fteel manufaft urea, continued to the end of the next feflfion. spGea ,	«. c. 15, granting a bounty'on Britiih and Irifh linens exported, continued

to June 24,1788, See,

CAP. XXXVII.

An aft for further regulating the trade and bufmefs of pawnbrokers;

WHEREAS an aft was pajfed in the twenty-fourth jeer of' the reign of bis prefent majejly King George the Third\ 10 explain, amend, and render mpre effectual, an a£t palled in the thirtieth,year of the reign .of-his late majefty King George tW Second, intituled,' An all for the more effectual punifbment of perk fons who flail attain, or attempt to attain, poffiffton of goods or mw} by falfe or untrue pretences for. preventing the unlawful pawning if goods i for the eafy redemption of goods pawned 5 and forprtmtiep. gaming in publick houfts* by journeymen, labourers^ fervants* ondof*:

. prentices* lb-far as.the fame related to the preventing the unlaajtj ,	.... ful pawning of goods, and the eafy redemption of goods pawned!

and whereas the fold afl* puffed in the twenty fourth year of the rtifl of his prefent Majejly* was thereby declared to have continuance fro* the day of puffing thereof* for one year* and till the end of the nut fefp.cn of pa* iiament: and whereat an a£l was pafftd in the lap jiffiti oj parliament fer continuing the Jaid aft of the twenty four ft jeer tf the reign of his prefent Majejly for the further term of one ytM which term will be concluded upon the eleventh day of J uly one thovfow jeven hundred and eighty-feven: and tvhereas it is expedient that fro-viftoti foould be made for further regulating the trade and bufsnijsif pawnbrokers : may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it msy be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s m oft. excellent majefty, by and with the.advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and.temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament Pawnbrokers aftembled, *nd by the authority of the fame. That it (hall he allowed to lawful, from and after the -eleventh day of July one thoufand Feven hundred and eighty-feven, for all perfons ufing aodexcr-cifing the trade and bufinefs of a pawnbroker, to demand, receive, and take, of and from all and every perfon and perfons

,;	applying

Digitized by Google

take the fol lowing rate for profit*

943

1787.] A ano vicefimo fept&no Oeorgii Ilk a g.JL

applying or offering tp redeem any goods or chattels pawned ot pledged with fuch pawnbroker* a profit-after the following rates, over and above the principal fum and fums which (hall have been lent and advanced upon the refpc&ive pledge or pledges, before any (uch pawobroker (hall be obliged to* re-deliver the fame; videiuet:

For every pledge upon which there fhall have been lent any fum not exceeding two (hillings and fixpence, theism of one halfpenny for any time during which the faid pledge (hall rfemaifi in pawn, not exceeding one-calendar month* and the fame fot every calendar month afterwards, including the current month in which fuch pledge (hall be redeemed, although fuch month (hall not be expired For every pledge upon which there (hall have been lent the fum of five (hillings, one penny:

For every pledge upon which there (hall have been lent fevert (hillings and fixpence, one penny halfpenny:

For every pledge upon which there fhall have been lent ten (hillings, two-pence 2 For every pledge upon which there (hall have been lent twelve (hillings and fixpence, two-pence halfpenny:

For every pledge upon which there (hall have been lent fifteen (hillings, three-pence:

For every pledge upon which there (hall have been lint feven-teen (hillings and fixpence, three-pence halfpenny :

For every pledge upon which there fhall have been lent one pound, the fum of four-pence :

And fo on progreflively and in proportion for any fum not exceeding ten pounds, to be paid for by the calendar month, including the current month, in manner above mentioned; which feveral fums (hall be in lieu of, and taken as a full fatirfa<5tfon; for, all intereft due, and charges for warehoufe room.

II. And be if further cnadled by the authority aforefaid. That Pawnbrokers in all cafes where any intermediate fum lent upon any pawn or rates further pledge (hall exceed the fum of two (hillings and fixpence, and rcsu lC * not amount to the fum of ten pounds, the perfon lending the fame full and may rcke, by way of profit, as aforfefaid, at and after the nte of four-pence, and no more, for the loan of twenty (hillings, by the calendar month, including the current month, as aferefaid.	^

HI. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That in all cafes where the parry or parties entitled to and applying for the redemption of goods pawned,’within the fpace of feven days* after the expiration of the firft calendar month after the fame (hall have been pledged, he, (he, ot they, (hall and may beat liberty to redeem the fame, wiftiout paying any thing by wav of profit to the pawnbroker for the faid feven days, or fuch part thereof as (hall then have elapfed ; and that in all cafes where the party or parties fo intitled and applying as aforefaid, -after

^ ^ Digitized by Google the	y

Pawn* to be entered in books.

244	Anno	vicefimo	feptimo	Georgii III. c. 37. [1787.

the expiration of the faid firft fevert days, and before the expiration of the fir A fourteen days of the fecond calendar month, he, Are, or they (hall and may be at liberty to redeem liidi goods, upon paying the profit payable for one calendar month, and the half of another calendar month, to the pawnbroker; but that in all cafes where the party or parties fo intitled sad applying as aforefaid, after the expiration of the faid firft foar-teen days, and before the expiration of the faid fecond calendar month, it (hall be lawful for the pawnbroker to demand and take the profit of the whole fecond month; and that the like regulation and reftridion fhall take place, and be in forte, m every fubfequent calendar month wherein application (ball be made for redeeming goods pawned.

IV.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That all and every perfon and perfons who, from and after the faid eleventh day of July one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, (hall take, by way of pawn, pledge, or exchange, of or from any perfon or perfons whomsoever, any goods or chattels, of what kind foever the fame (hail be, and whereon (hall be lent any fum of money exceeding five (hillings, Stall forthwith, and before he, (he, or they, (hall or may advance or lend any money upon fuch pawn or pledge, enter, or caufeto be entered, in a fair and regular manner, in a book or books to be kept by him, her, or them for that purpofe, a defeription of the goods or chattels which he, (he, or they (hall receive in pa?n, pledge, or exchange, and alfo the fum of money to be advanced or lent thereon, with the day of the month and year on which, and the name and place of abode of the perfon or perfons by whom fuch goods or chattels are fo pawned, pledged, or exchanged, and alfo the name and place of abode of the owner or owners thereof, according to the information of the perfon pawning, pledging, or exchanging the fame; and in all cafes where the money lent on any fuch goods or chattels /hall not exceed the fum of five (hillings, fuch entry (hall be made ia fuch book or books, by all and every fuch perfon and perfonslo taking the fame by way of pawn, pledge, or exchange, as aforefaid, within four hours next after the faid goods and chattels (hall have been fo panned, pledged, or exchanged, as aforefaid; Pawnbrokers and every fuch perfon (hall, at the time of the taking of every togWe a note pawn, pledge, or exchange whatfoever, give to the perfon or perfons fo pawning, pledging, ore xchanging the fame, a note or memorandum, fairly written or printed, or in part written and in part printed, containing therein in like manner a defeription of the goods and chattels which he, (he, or they have received in pawn, pledge, or exchange, and alfo the fum of money advanced thereon, with the day of the month and year on which, and the name and place 01 abode of the perfon or perfons by whom fuch goods or chattelsikre fo pawned, pledged, or exchanged, and alfo the name ana place of abode of the owner or owners thereof, according to the information aforefaid, and upon which (aid note or memorandum, or on the back where-u	of,

Digitized by Google

things

pawned.

1787*] Anno vicefimo feptimoGsoRGii III. c. 37.	245

of, (hall be moreover fairly written or printed the name and place of abode of the pawnbroker giving the fame $ which faid note or memorandum the party and partiei pawning, pledging, or exchanging the faid good* or chattels, (hall, ana he, Ihe, or they is and are hereby required to accept and take in all cafes, and the pawnbroker (hall not receive and retain fuch pledge, ualeft the party pledging, or offering to pledge the fame, (hall accept and take fuch note or memorandum; and every fuch, note, where the fum lent (hall be lefs than five (hillings, (hall be given gratis; and where the fum lent (hall be five millings, or upwards, and lefs than ten (hillings, fuch pawnbroker (hall aod may take one halfpenny for the fame; and where the fum lent (hall be ten (hillings, or upwards, and lefs than twenty Ihil-fings, fuch pawnbroker fhall and may take one penny for the fame*, and where the fum lent (hall be twenty (hillings, or up* wards, and left than five pounds, the fum of two-pence for the (ante; and where the fum lent (hall be five pounds, or upwards, the fum of four-pence, and no more, and which note (hall be produced to the pawnbroker before he or (he (hall be obliged to re-deliver the refpedive goods or chattels, except as herein-after is excepted.

V.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That, Penalty fiom and after the faid eleventh day of July one thoufand feven againlk unlaw-hundred and eighty-feven, if any perfon or pcrfons (hall know- f“’ ^P*Tn' ingiy and defignedly pawn, pledge, or exchange, or unlawfully [be property diipofe of the goods or chattels of any other peribn or perfons, of others, not being employed or authorized by the owner or owners thereof fo to do, and (hall be thereof convicted bv the oath of any credible witnefs or witneffes, or by the confcffion of the perfon or perfons charged with fuch offence, before anyjufticr. or juttices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, fi-berty, town, or place where the offence mall be committed (which oath every fuch juftice or juft ices as aforeftid is and are hereby impowered and required to adminifter), every fuch offender (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings, arid alfo the full value of the goods or chattels lo pawned, pledged, exchanged, or difpofed of, fuch value to be ifcertained by fuch juftice or juftices; and in cafe the faid for. feiture (hall not be forthwith paid, the juftice or juftices of the peace as aforeftid, before whom fuch conviction (hall be had,

(hall commit the party or parties fo convidled to the houfe of correction, or fome other publick prifon, of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place wherein the offender or offenders (hall refide, or be convidted, there to remain, and bo kept 10 hard labour for the fpace of not more than three calendar months, nor lefs than one calendar month, unlefs the faid forfeitures (hall be fooner paid; and if within three days before the expiration of the faid term of commitment the faid forfei-tnres (hall not be paid, the fadl juftice or juftices (hall, and is and are hereby required to order, upon the application of the profecutor or profecutors, the perfon or perfons fo conviCjed tq

R3	bo

Digitized by LjOCK

$4-6	Anna	v&efimo	fepriBio GBoionTif;’ Cr%j* [1787.

fce publicity snipped in the houfe'of cotre&ioa ar prilbn ,10 whichthe offender or offenders (hall 4wrve been cfemfoitted^df in fomepther publick placeoftbe county^ridiog^dlwfion^ cfcf\ liberty, town or.place* waere thie cffiencd (haft been*eooM mittcd,.as to fuch juftice or juft ices/hali feem proper^ andlkt faid refpedive forfeitures, when recovered, ‘ftiail-• be applied I* Watchmaking fetisfetfiorr thereout tothe p^tytorrpartiea‘4» .	jured*	and defraying thecofts of the profecuttotoi iw lhaft»fct

judged reaibnable by the jttftrcehor juftice»: before ^whoin Ml convi&fon (hall be had ; but if. the patty or* parties injured ftpH decline to accept of fuch fatrsfapflion and coftsi, tor. if there (hail be any overplus of tIre.laid rlefpeSive forfeitures, after making fuch famfa&ron, and; paykig fuqh cofts as aforesaid* theft farii refpe&ive* forfeitures,, or the overplus thereof (asthe cafe (hail happen) (hall be paid and; applied to and«for4he ufe of*tik poor of the parifh or* place whebcfoch offence fttail hsvptam committed, and fliall be paid to the bverfeers of tlibpoor of fuch parifh or place for that purpofe. .*	.*	v,t

perfons fore-	^ I*	And be it further enabled by the authority Aforefaid,Tim

ing or coun* if any perfon or perfons (hall counterfeit, forge, or alter,-nr terfeitin^ procure to be counterfeited, forged, or altered, any fuch now poles.	or memorandum as aforefaid, or (hall utter, vend, or fell Any

' fuch dote as aforefaid, knowing the fame to be counterfeited forged, or altered, with iment.to defraud.any perfon or periods ytfhdmfoever, every fuch perfon (hall bepunifhed in manger i hereinafter mentioned, and it (hall be lawful for any perfon** perfons, his, her, or their fervants or agents, to whom any nun fhall be uttered or offered, which he, (lie, or they (ball hatw teafon fo fufpeft to have been counterfeited, forged, oraftenri* no fefee and detain fuch perfon or perfons uttering or offering the fame, and to deliver,him, her, or them, as foon as convd* niently may be, into tlrecuftody of a conftable or other.peace officer* who (hah, and is hereby required, as foon as confe-niently may be, to convey fuch perfon or perfons before forot juftice or joftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion^ city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence (baft be fup<-,	pofed 10 have been committed $ and if upon examination it faril

appeir; to the fatisfa&ion of fuch juftice or jufticcs, that the perfon or perfons charged with having committed any foch pffence is or are guilty thereof, then, and in every fuch the faid juftice or juftices is and are hereby authorised and requited to Commit the party or parties offending to the common gaol orhoufe of correction of the county, riding, diviliort, City, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence (hall be com-• mitted, there to be imprift)iied',for any rime not exceeding the fyace of three calendar.months, nor lefs> than one calendar ' tnohfh, of the clifcretion of /uch juftice or jufticcs.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authorrey aforefindv For punifhing That in cafe any perfon or peHfons who' ftm 11 offer by way of pyrfonB not pavvrt, pledge, exchange, or foie, any goods or chattels, thall account of°	aWe, or	^tufe,	to give a fotibfatffory accounr of

hinuelf,

A	K

Digitized by LiOOQle

17*7-1 Anno ricefinrafe^mo GEORGn lif. r; 37.	7^7

MnfelK; htrfdf^ or thctnfe^resr,* br the mdansby^which hei thcrofclycfi, ft^©r*heyv became poffeffed t>f fuch goods or Chattels, or (hall oawnKoS5»° give any~f*}fe information to the pawnbroker, or to his or heir &c. 8	>

fenra^or fervants, as to Whether fuch good or chattels afe bis* hereof fhoir own property «or not ;*Or'if thefe (hall be any other reafon to fcrfpaft that fuch'good S’of fchatfels are rtqlen, or other?* wfeiHegaHy or dandeftinely obtained ; of if'aH^ ^rfon'or peff focw not entitled, nor hading’any colour of title by law to re-deKn goods or chattels in pledge or pawn, (hall attempt or endeavour-to redeem the fame, it -/haJl anil maybe lawful for any perfoo of perfons, his, her* 'or their fervants or agents, to whom firth goods or chattels fharfl be fo'dtfefrfcd, or with'whom fuca goods or chattels are in pledge^(to 'fei#z.e and detain fuch perfo^ or perfons,-and the faid goods br chattels, and to deliver fuch perfon or perfons immediately in^to the .cuftody of a conftable or other peaceofficer, who fhalt, and is ’hereby Required, as foqp as may be, to convey fudV pdrfdn or perfons, and the faid goods br chattels fo offered, before forrle jaftice or juftices of the peace for the couhty; riditig^ ffiVifipri, city, liberty,* town, or place, ivhctein the offencefhall;befuppofed to have been committed * and if fuch juftice or juftices Ypall, upon examination and en--quiry, havecanfeto fufpett tftatthe faid goods .or chattels were ftelen, or illegally of clandeftiriety obtained, or that the perfoh er perlbns'ofermg and endeavouring to redeem the fame (hall not have’ Jrtiy pretence or colour* of right to f&lcenrf the fame, it "(hall and may be lawful for fuch juftice or justices to commit foch perfonaf perfons into.fafe cuftody for fuch reafonable tim£ asf(hall be neceffary for the obtaining proper information on the fobjed, in order to be further examined * and if upon either of the (aid examinations it (hall appear, to the fatisfadlion of fuch juffice or juftices, uhat the faid goods or chattels were ftolen, or illegally or dandeftinely obtained, or that the perfon or perfons offering or;endeavouring to redeem the fame hath or have not . any pretence or cobdr of right fo to do, the faid juftice or juftices is and ^are hereby authorized and required to commit the party or parties offending to the common gaoTor houfe of cor-region of thb cmmty, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence (hall be committed, there to be dealt with .according to law, where the nature of the offence (hall authorize fudrcommitment by any other law; and where the nature bf the bffence (hall not authorize fuch commitment by any other law, then fuch commitment (hall be for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor lefs than one calendar month, at rfoediferotion of fuch juftice of juftices.

Vlli And be ir further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That if the owner or owners of any goods or chattels unlaw- Where goods fully pawned, pledged, or exchanged, lhill make out, either on unlawfully his, her, or their oath, or by the oath of any credible witnefs, pawnbroker or, beihg one of the people called J$>uakers, by folemn affirma- to reftore tion, before any juftice or juftices of the peace within his or them, their jurifdiftion, that fuch owner or owners hath or have had

R 4	his,

Digitized by Google •

Anno vice&no feptimo Gjtg&an III. c. $7. his, her, or their goods or chattels, unlawfully taken from him, her, or them, and that there it] fufpelt that any perfon or perfons within the iuriftidioo i fuch juftice or juftices hath or have, knowingly tod ur*‘“ taken to pawn, or by way of pledge, or in exchange* i or chattels of fuch owner or owners, and without the authority of fuch owner or owners thereof, and (halLi pear, to the fatisfa&ion of any fuch juftice or juftices*! grounds for fuch the fufpicion of the owner or owners^ then, and in any fuch cafe, any juftice or juftices of thi within his or their jurifdi<ftion*,m?y iflue his or their 1 for fearching, in the day time, the houfe, warehoufe* i place, of any fuch perfon or perfons, who (hall be ch* oath or affirmation as aforefaid, as fufpected to have kn or unlawfully received or taken in pawn, or by wayof* or in exchange, any fuch goods or chattels, without the4 of, or authority from, the owner or owners thereof; occupier or occupiers of any houfe, warehoufe, or oth yvhcrein any fuch goods or chattels (hall, on opt)* or *4 as aforefaid, be Charged or fufpe&ed to be, (hall, after I eleventh day of July one thoufand feven hundred and feven, on requeft made to him, her, or them, to open th by any peace officer authorized to fearch there, by warrac a juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, nding* J! city, liberty, town, or place, in which fuch houfe, ware) other place (hall be fituate, refufe to open the fame, uut| the fame to be fearched, it (hall be lawful for any pc to tyeak open any fuch houfe, warehoufe, or other oh day time, and to fearch, as he (hall think (it, therein, tor the p or chattels fufpetfted to be there, doing no wilful damage; no pawnbroker, or other perfon or perlons, (hall oppofe 01 der any fuch fearch; and if upon the fearch of the houfe* 1 houfe, or other place, of any fuch fufpedted perfon or as aforefaid, any of the goods or chattels which (hall h fo knowingly and unlawfully pawned, pledged, or excfc aforefaid, (hall be found, and the property of the owe owners from whom the fame (hall have been unlawfully^ rained or taken (hall be made out, to the fatisfa&ion fuch juftice or juftices, by the oath of one or more witnefs or witndfcs, or if any fuch witnefs or witnefies of the people called Quakers, by folemn affirmation, or confcffion of the perfon or perfons charged with any fuch^ fence, any fuch juftice pr juftices (hall thereupon caufe 1 goods and chattels found on any fuch fearch, and unlawfully pawned, pledged, or exchanged as aforefaid, to be forthtrUi reftored to the owner or owners thereof.

IX.	And whereas goods and chattels are often pawned or j for fettering the payment of money lent thereon, and the Profit thereof and afterwords the borrowers, or their reprefeutatives, are defirm to repay the fame, and the profit due tbaeon, and make tender thereof to the perfon or perfons with whom the fame are fo pawned or „

fledged^

Digitized by L^ooQle

787O Anno vicefimoftptimoGbokgii III. c.37.	249

bJgtd, yet	they	are	frequently under great diffiadtiet to get batk the

nheadehattdtfo pawned, and are often under a neteffity to eornmente iiis it law for the reteverythereof, to their great	: for •

dj whereof, be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

Tat from and after the faid eleventh day of one thoufand PoaifliiMthe :*en hundred and eighhr-fcwn, if any g poii or chattel, lhall e pawned or pledged for fecunng any money lent thereof, deliver up ot acceding in the whole the principal fum of ten pounds* goods to the nd the profit thereof, and if within one year after the pawning pawner, r pledging thereof, proof having been made on oath or affir-nation as aforelaid, by one or more credible witnefs or wit* tefies, and by producing the note or memorandum direded to * given by this aft as aforefaid, before any juftice or juftices,

0 the (atisfadion of any fuch juftice or juftices, of the pawn* ng or pledging of any fuch goods or chattels, within the faid pace of one year, any fuch pawner or pawners, who was or sere the real owner or owners of fuch goods or chattels at the lime of the pawning or pledging thereof, his, her, or their exe*

:utors, adminiftrators, or afligns, (hall tender unto the perfon or perfons who lent, on the fecurity of the goods or chattels pawned, his executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, the principal money borrowed thereon, and profit, according to the table of rates by this eftablifhed, and the perfon who took fuch goods or chattels in pawn, his executors, adminiftrators, or alliens,

Dull thereupon, without (hewing reafonable caufe for fo doing, to the fitisfaftion of fuch juftice or juftices, negled or refufe to deliver back the goods or chattels fo pawned, for any fum or fums of money, not exceeding the faid principal fum of ten pounds, to the perfon or perfons who borrowed the money thereon, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, then, and in any fuch cafe, on oath or affirmation as aforefaid thereof made by the pawner or pawners thereof, his, her, or their executor*, adminiftrators, or afligns, or fome other credi* hie perfon, any juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, where the perfon or perfons who took fuch pawn as aforefaid, his executors, ad* miuiftrators, or afligns, (hall dwell, on the application of the borrower or borrowers, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, is and are hereby required to caufe fuch perfon or perloos who took fuch pawn, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, within the jurifdidion of the juftice f juftices, to come before fuch juftice or juftices; and fuch juf-cc or juftices is and are hereby authorized and required to iamine on oath, or fotemn affirmation, as the cafe may retire, the parties themfelves, and fuch other credible perfon or trfonsas lhall appear before him or them, touching the preset; and if tender of the principal money due, and all profit itreof as aforelaid, (hall be proved by oath or affirmation as ocetaid to have been made, fuch principal money not exceed* ig the faid fum of ten pounds, to the lender or lenders thereof, is, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, by the

[borrower

Digitized by Google

. 2 ip	Ani)o	tfCefimo feptimo GtibRGfr Ilf# c* 37. h

borrower or borrowed of fuch principal Ttioney,bV thcir ^xecuHrf^ admibrtlratOrs, o* affigns, within thd of one year after the faitt pawning or ^lodging of the chattels, then On payment, by sho borrower* of bom " heti or their eJtci;utorf, adfliiniffirnfors, ot* affigtir, of

....Ciptl ctnoney, and the profit dor thereto, as M

\	7	lender	or	lctiders, his, her, or*h£irfibcecut0rs, ad

/ pi? aiTignst, aod in cafe the leoderiorlenders4 His,

* executors*, adimniftrators, or adignr, Ihallnfafe to of, on tender thereof to hidn, her, or them made, rower or borrowers thereof, • his* her, or their *iiftrators, or affigns, before any fu-dr juftifce or jui

tuftiee or juftices ihall thereupon, by order under bb1 land or bands, dire& the goods or'chattels fo pawi wit h^ to be delivered up to the pawner-or pawners her, or their executors, ad min iterators, oratBgnsT perlon or perfons who (hall have lent any principal ft of money, not exceeding in the whole* the laid few pounds, on any goods or chattel pawned, hts, Kdf ' executory adminiftrators, or affigng, dhall negtoft-deliver up, or make fati&fadUon forth* goods or ch 4hall be fo proved, to the fatisfaSWon of ftiCh jtfftiee as aforefaid, to have been fo pawned, as any fuch juftices of the peace ais'aforefaid (hafhorder and diraSj fuch juftice of juftites (hall and is and are hereby! -and required to commit the party or parties fo refaft Net up or makeTairsfadion for the fame to the heufed 4»on, or fome other piiblick prifon of-the county, ridii iVony-city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offend fenders (hall reiide orbb convi&ed*-there to remain wkW pr main prize untdi he, (he, or they (Kail deliver up the , chattels fo pawned, and continuing redeemable as afore! cording to the order.of fuch juftice >or juftices as af ^ke fuch famfa&toporcompenfation as fuch jufficeor; Xhall adjudge reafonable for the value thereof to the-parties intitled to the redemption of fuch goods or cl fawned, and continuing redeemable as aforefaid.

• X. And, to prevent any inconvenience to perfons cai trade and bujitufi of a pawnbroker, from 'feveral dif claiming a property in the fame goods .or chattels, be it ft Perfons pro- adted by the authority aforefaid. That* from and afu or memonn- Seventh day of July,one thoufand feven hundred and dumsde^med^760* any Pcr^0fl or perfons who (hall at any time pi tne owners, 4uch note or memorandum as aforefaid, to the perfon

with whom the goods therein fpecified were pawned dr ed, as the owner thereof, or as authorized by the owner to redeem the fame, and require a delivery of the ’ chattels mentioned therein to hrnv heiy or them, foci 4>r,fL&rf<»ns (Ti3ii be, aod is and are hereby deemed and be, lo tar as refpedts the perfon or perfons having foch , and chattels in pledge, the real owner andowners, prt^1

i] Armo uVdefittiofeptirfiio	III. £.£7.	2^1

^^ftoprietors of fach gbods and chattels; and the perfon or fo ufmg the faifd trade and bofmefs of a pawnbroker te, and is and ape-' hereby dtre^ed and required, after re-fetisfa&ion p^irfu^ht to the prtfviftons of this art felpedb-ipal and profit, to deliver filch*gridds and chattels to bn or perfons who (hall fo produce the faid note or mein to him, her, or them, and (ball be, and is and are indemnified for fo doing, unlefs* he, (he; or they (had tod previous notice*-from the realrowner or owners thereto deliver the fame to the perfon or perfons producing note. Or urfttfc nottefe (hall have been-giveri to him, her, or 1, that the goods and chattels pawned have been, or ^re R> hate hew, fraudulently or felonioufly taken or ob-vandur»lefs the real owner or owners thereof proceeds or T*e6d'in tnarin'er hereirt-after provided and direfted for the sSeefntngof goods and ehatteb pledged, where fuch note hath tSIt loft, miflaid, deftroyed, or fraudulently obtained from the HwAsef or owners thereof;

And be ir further enaeled by the authority aforefaid, in cafe any pawnbroker (hall have had fuch previous no- Where notes as aforefaid, or in cafe any fuch note or memorandum as	mclrn£ra!|*

fhall be loft, miftaid, deftroyed, or fraudulently ob- pawnbrokerC from the owner or owners thereof, and the goods and to deliver a mentioned therein (hall remain unredeemed, that then, copy, every fuch cafe, the pawnbroker or pawnbrokers with the faid goods and chattels were fo pledged or exchange all, at the requeft and application of any perfon or perfons fhall reprefent himfeif, lierfelf, or themfelves to the pawn-r as the owner or owners of the goods and chattels in , or exchanged as aforefaid, deliver toduch perfon or per-fo requeltiWg and applying for the fame, a copy of the or memorandum fd loft, millaid, deftroyed, or fraudulently ned, as aforefaid, with the form of an affidavit of the particu-tifcumftances attending the cafe, printed or written, or in printed andin'part written, on the faid copy, as the fame be ftated to him .or her by the party applying as aforefaid, rhich copy of fuch note or memorandum, and form, pf affi-»t, in cafe the money lent (hall not exceed the fum of ten gs, the pawnbroker (hall receive the fum of one penny; ifr cafe the money lent ihall exceed the fum of tfcn (hillings, the ntwoker Ihall receive the like fum of money as he is entitled receive and take on giving the original note or memorandum, money to be paid by the party Applying for the fame, at the of making the faid application ; and the perfon or perfons ng fo obtained fuch copy of the note or memorandum, and of affidavit a^s aforefaid, (hall thereupon prove his, her, or if property in, of right to, fuch goods and chattels, to the faftion of fome-Jufttce of the peace for the county, riding, on, city, ro.vn, liberty,' or place, where the faid goods or ^fch (hah have’been pledged, pawned, or exchanged ; and 1] aifo verify on oath, or affirmation as the cafe may be,

before

Digitized by Google

Anno ▼icefimo feptimo Georgii IIL c. 37. [v before fomc juftice of the peace, the truth of the parried] cumftances attending the cafe mentioned in fuch afiH affirmation, to be made as afore (aid, the caption of fakM affirmation, to be authenticated by the hand writing « the juftice before whom the fame (hall be made, andifl and is hereby required fo to authenticate the fame, 41 the pawnbroker (hall fuffer the perfon or perfons prod property to the fatisfa&ion of fuch juftice as aforefaid, aofl fuch affidavit or affirmation as aforefaid, on fomntfilfl of the laid note or memorandum, and the bid affidmM mation, with the faid pawnbroker, to redeem fadiM chattels.	W

XII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority Fawned That all goods and chattels which (haU be pawned 4 good* deem- (ball ^ dccmed forfeited, and may be fold, at thee^ the end of one onc w^c ycar from the time of pawning the fame;

all goods and chattels fo forfeited, on which any fom d (hillings, and not exceeding ten pounds, (hall have hr (hall be fold by publick auction, but not otberwife, byd of the perfon having the fame in pawn, at and after the tion of the faid year; but the perlon employed to fell fad and chattels by au&ion (hall, and he is hereby required the fame 10 be expofed to publick view, and catalogue to be publilhed, and an advertifement, giving notice fale, and containing the name or names of the pawali pawnbrokers with whom the faid goods or chattels pledge, to be inferted on two feveral days in fome pubftfl paper, two days at lead before the firft day of fale, op

of forfeiting, to the owner or owners of the faid goods^M tels, for every offence in the premifes, the fum of five and that all perfons redeeming any goods or chattdjfl were pawned or pledged before the faid eleventh day of thouiand feven hundred and eighty-feven, (hall be perdflH to do upon the terms of, and according to the tabled] cftablilhed by the faid afl, which was patted in the W fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and 00 all terms.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaltedbyf On notice thority aforefaid, That in cafe any perfon or perfons etui from perforti redeem goods or chattels in pledge, (hall, before the exf

In ^edKe°not	^ onc ycar ^rom thc l*rac Pawn>ng the fitOM

to foil, feven notice in writing to the perfon or perfons having the £ <Uys further pledge, or leave the fame at his, her, or .their ufuil (f *^27^2? abode, not to fell the fame, at the end of the faid onb ?orrederop*r* *hcn, and in every fuch cafe, fuch goods or chattels (hi#

pledge, until after the expiration of three months, toltf puted from the expiration of the faid year; during whi< term of three months, the owner or owners of the &ii and chattels (hall have liberty to redeem the fame, updfl terms ftipulatcd and provided by this a<ft.	1

tion.

Anno vicelimo feptimo GeoRGH III. c. 37.	253

Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the au-iforefaid, That all and every perfon or perfons to whom Account of Is or chattels (hall have been pawned or pledged, (hall, entered by ic to time, enter in a book or books to be kept by him, the pawnbro-tbemfor that purpofe, a true and juft account of the kersinabook; U goods and chattels pawned to him, her, or them, for of ten (hillings, which (hall be fold as afbrefaid, ex-the day when, and the money for which fuch goods or pawned were fold, together with the name and place of E the audioneer by whom the fame were (old, according ifonnation thereof from the auctioneer 5 and in cafe any and overplus ds or chattels (hall be fold for more than the principal nd profit aforefaid due thereon at the time of fuch Tale, goods pawn-rplw (hall, by every fuch pawnbroker, be paid, on de- ed or (old. to the perfon by whom or on whofe account fuch goods ds were pawned, his, her, or their executors, admini-or affigns, in cafe fuch demand (hall be made within 3ft after fuch fale, the neceffary cods and charges of \ being firft deducted, and fuch perfon or perfons who or pledged fuch goods or chattels, his, her, or their rs, adminiftrators, or affigns, (hall, for his, her, or their on in this matter, be permitted to infpeCt the entry to i a aforefaid of every fuch (ale, paying for fuch infpec-fum of one penny, and no more; and in cafe any per* erfons (hall refufe to permit any fuch perfon or perfons sited or pledged fuch goods or chattels, or who is en* fuch overplus money, to infpeCt fuch entry as aforefaid uch book or books, fuch perfon or perfons, if an exe-' executors, adminiftrator or adminiftrators, or aflignee ices, at fuch time producing his, her, or their letters itary, letters of adminifiration, or alignment, or in cafe ds or chattels were fold for more than the fum entered fuch book or books, or if any fuch perfon or perfons t make fuch entry as aforefaia, or (hall not have, bona :ording to the directions of this aCt, fold the fame, or ufe to pay fuch overplus, upon demand, to the pawner ners, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or he, (he, or they, producing fuch their letters teftamen-uers of adminiftraticn, or aftignmenr, every fuch perfon m lo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit tre-fumfuch goods and chattels (hall originally have been I for, to the perfon or perfons by whom or on whofe ac-uch goods or chattels were pawned, his, her, or their trt, adminiftrators, or affigns, to be levied by diftrefs and the offender’s goods an;l chattels, by warrant under the tnd Teals of any two juftices of the peace for the county, divifion, city, town, liberty, or place where the offence : committed.

. And be it further cna&ed by the authority aforefaid,

from and after the (aid eleventh day of July one thoufand Pawnbroker

hundred and eighty-feven, no perfon or perfons having

Digitized by

any

limited.

^54	Anno	vicefimo	feptimo	GeoRGH	III.	c.	37. [rftf*

whitft they any goods or chattels in pledge (hall, under any pretence W&N arn!^hi9	foever, either by himfelf or herfelf, or by any other perftMf®

cuftody.	him CT her, purchafe any fuch goods or chattels fo betejj

pledge with him or her during the time the fame (halhrijM in his or hercuftody as fuch pledge, fave and except at DA publick auction as aforefaid, nor (hall fuffer the fametofafeW deemed with a view or intention to purclwfc the famcjjjE (hall any fuch perfon taking or having any goods or chatfwR pledge, make, or caufe to be made, any contract or agrccrtHl with any perfon or perfons offering to pledge, or pledg^tt fame, or with the owner or owners of the pledge, fordidptf* chafe, fale, or difpofition of the faid goods and chanels, bdktt the expiration of one whole year from the time of pawiridg# pledging the fame; nor (hall any pawnbroker purchafe, ceive or take any goods or chattels in pledge, of or fronk f9f perfon or perfons who (hall appear to be under the age of Htaht years, or to be intoxicated with liquor, or purchafe, ortitffc pawn, pledge, or exchange, the note or memorandum af of any other pawnbroker 5 nor buy any goods or chattels hi courfe of his, her, or their trade or buGnefs, before thehdfe eight of the clock in the forenoon, or after the hour of fevtifj Time for tak- the clock in the evening, throughout the year; nor reettaifc1 Ing ?n pawn* |ake jn g00ds or chattels by way of pawn, pledge, or in exchatA before eight of the dock in the forenoon, or after ninetfji clock in the evening, between Michaelmas-day and Lady-Ay ** lowing, or before (even of the clock in the forenoon, of ten of the clock in the evening, during the remainder year, excepting only on the evenings of Saturday throughout whole year, and excepting on the evenings preceding GaoiFti and Chrifimas-day ; nor (hall any perfon or perfons exercife carry on the trade or buGnefs of a pawnbroker on any Sifejfc Good Friday, or Chr iff mas-day.

XVI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforett^ That, from and after the faid eleventh day of July one thoufegi

to place in feven hundred and cighty-feven, all and every perfon andpofk ^profits!&c\ f°ns w*'°	and	carry on the trade fcnd buGnefs oPl

* pawnbroker, (hall caufe to be painted or printed in large legitt characters the rate of profit allowed by this ad to be raketti*} him, her, or them, and alfo the various prices of the note*b memorandums to be given by him, her, or them, accordmgjtt the rates aforefaid, and* an account of what notes or mcmeran* dums are to be given gratis, and of the expence of obtaining 1 Tecond note or memorandum, where the former one has Met loft, miflaid, deftroyed, or fraudulently obtained, and placed* fame in a confpicuous part or parts of the (hop or other phe wherein he, (he, or they dial! carry on fuch trade and hufiftefi io as to be viftble to, and legible by, the perfons pledging good and chattels (landing in the feveral boxes or places provided ft fuch perfons coming to pawn or redeem goods and chattels j r ^	fuch fhop.

XVII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefak

TKs

Digitized by Google

Pawnbrokers

17^7-3: Anno viccfimo feptiinaGfiOttcmlli.	255

Thu in cafe any difference or difpute (halt arifo betweci^any Dilute* he- ’ perfon or perfons pledging or redeeming,"*)* offering to redfcertij PaWJ?-' any goods or chattels* and the paWnbroker with Whout tire feme p^^”gatn (hall have been pledged, or alledged tofav'e ’been pledged? re- be fettled by (pe&ing the re-delivery thereof, or the bioney to be paid to fueW a jtrftice of pawnbroker, every fuch difference or difpore,'irticafe the orig?nhT thc pc^ce.

Atm lent was under fortyihlHings, (hall be fettled and deter* mined by any juftice of the peace adding for the refpe^Uve coumy, riding, divifion, City, tdwn,liberty, or pfo<*,wHd is hereby authorized and required* upon application being made to him for that purpofe, by examination dn oath 6fc affircrrttibri, as th€ cafe may require, of thapartidS themfelvesy and fuch other credible perfon or perfons as. (hall appear before him touching the? premifes, to hear and determine the fame; which determination^

(hall be final and binding unto and upon perfons.

XVIII. And) for the better manifefling by xvhom the trade and bufinefs of apewnbroker /hall hereafter be carried on, be it further coaded by the authority aforefaid, That, frotri and after the Pawnbroker’s faid eleventh day of fitly one thou fond fever* hundred and names and eighty-feven, all and every perfon or perfons Who lhall follow ©r carry on the trade and bufinefs of a pawnbroker, (hall caufe ^door^ to be painted or written, in large legible characters, over the door of each (hop or other place by him, her, or them refpec-tircly made ufe of for carrying on that trade and bufinefs, the chriftian and furname or names of the perfon or perfons fo carrying on the faid trade or bufinefs, and the word Pawnbroker or Pombrtkersy as the cafe may be, following the fame, upon paiii of forfeiting the fum of ten pounds for every (hop or place which (hall be fo made ufe of for the fpace of one week, without having fuch name or names, and the faid word, fo painted or written as aforefaid, to be recovered by. diftrefs and fa!e of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and foals of afty twb juftlces of the pcate acting within the refpetfive county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty; or place, (which Warrant fuch jufticeS are hereby authorized and required to gram), upon the corifeflion of the party or prties, or upon the * information of any credible witnefs or witnefieS, upon oath of affirmation, as the cafe may be ; and the faid penalty, when the charges of recovering the fame (Kail be deduced,, (ball be paid, one half to the informer, and the other half to’ the ufe of the poor of the parilh or place in which tbe-offence (hall be committed; and in cafe fuffidertt diftrefs (ball not be found, or fuch penalty (hall not be forthwith paid, it (hall ’be lawful for fuch juftices, and they are hereby required, by warrant under their hands and feaIs, to cabfe the offender or offenders to be committed to the county gaol or houfe of correction, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor lefs than fourteen days, unlefs the faid penalty, and all reafonable* charges, (hall be fooner paid and fatisfied.

XIX. And be it further enafted bv the authority aforefaid,

Google That

Digitized by ‘

*5$ Penalty on pawnbroker* felling good* before limited time, or injuring them.

Pawnbrokers to produce their books when necef-lary.

Anno vlcefimo feptfmo Georoii III. c. 37. [*7S7-That if, in the courfc of any proceedings before any jofticeee' juftices of the peace, in purfuance of. or under this a&^it (bflA appear, or be proved to the (atisfadion of the juftice or juftjccfr upon oath, or folemn affirmation, that any of the goods or dte* tels pawned as aforefaid have been fold before the time allpwrf by this ad, or otherwife than according to the directions ofdKl aft, or Have been embezzled, or are become or have been rtfb dered of lefs value than the fame were at the time of pawnfe or pledging thereof, by or through the. default, negtefi, orw£ ful mimehaviour of the perfon or perfons to whom the tea were fo pledged or pawned, his, her, or their executors, niftrators, or affigns, agents or fervants, then, and in any jib cafe, it (hall be lawful to and for every fuch juftice and juffiA^ and he and they is and are hereby required, to allow or award* reafonable fatisfadion to the owner or owners of fuch goods or chattels, in refped thereof, or of fuch damage; and the fao or fums of money fo allowed or awarded, in cafe the fame (halttt amount to the principal and profit aforefaid, which (hall apprir to be due to any perfon or perfons to whom the fame weirfc pledged or pawned, his, her, or their executors, adimniftratorf* or affigns, mail be deducted out of the faid principal and profit! and in all cafes where the goods and chattels pawned as afcl* faid (hall have been damaged as aforefaid, it (hall be fufikkfll for the pawner or pawners, his, her, or their executors, adfttf* niftrators, or affigns, to pay or tender the money due upon fife balance, after deducting out of the principal and profit as 1fcp» faid, for the goods or chattels pawned, fuch reafonable faction, in refped to fuch damage, as any fuch juftice or juffitH (hall order or award; and, upon fo doing, the juftice or juftfe fhall proceed as if the pawner or pawners, his, her, or ihetTe** cutors, adminiftra^ors, or affigns, had paid or tendered the wMi money due for the principal and profit as aforefaid; and if fatisfaCtion to he allowed and awarded to the owner or owntf* of fuch goods or chattels (hall be equal to, or exceed the prim-pal and profit aforefaid, then, and in fuch cafe, the periboW perfons to whom the fame were fo pledged or pawned, his, herf or their executors, adminiftrators; or affigns, (hall deliver the goods or chattels fo pledged to the owner or owners 'thereof* without being paid any thing for principal or profit in refpeS thereof, and fhall alfo pay fuch excefs, if any, to the perfim or perfons entitled thereto, under the penalty of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied in manner herem-after mentioned.

XX.	And be it further enaCled by the authority afortfaM, That it (hall and may be lawful for any juftice of the peace, open complaint made to him, on the oath or affirmation of one or more credible witnefs or witnefies, where any information (haB be laid againft any pawnbroker for having offended againft this ad, or refpeCtirtg any difpute between any pawnbroker and per* fon having pawned goods, or the owner or owners of good* pawned, or refpeding any felony or other matter, or on any other occafioo w hat foever, which, in the judgement of any juftice

Digitized by

Google

Of

Anno viceflmo fcptimo Georgii IIL c. 37.'

OF juftices, fliali make the produftion of any book, note* jracher, or other paper ncceflary, which (hall or ought to be in ■t hands, cuftody, or power of any pawnbroker, to fummon moh pawnbroker before him, to attend, with all and every or <Uy book, note, voucher, or paper, which he or (he may of fjght to have in his or her cuftody or power, relating to the fame. Which he or fte is hereby required to produce before fuch juftice prjuftices in the ftate the fame was or were made at the time tktRlwn or pledge was received, without any alteration, erafe-jurat, or obliteration whatfoever; and in cafe fuch pawnbroker Wl.neglcft or refufe to attend, or to produce the fame in its true tod perfect ftate, fuch pawnbroker (hall, in cafe he or (he doth J9t ihew good caufe for fuch negJeft or refufal, to the fatisfac-ftsn of fuch juftice or juftices, forfeit the fum of ten pounds, for the ufe, and to be levied in the manner herein-after mentioned.

XXL And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any pawnbroker (hall, from and after the faid eleventh day of July one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, in anywife offend againft this ad, every fuch pawnbroker (hall, for every fuch offence, in neglefting to make, or caufe to be made, in a fair and regular manner, in fuch book or books as iforefaid, any fuch entry as is required to be made by him, her, acthem, by this ad, forfeit the fum of ten pounds, and for twry other offence againft this ad, where no forfeiture or penalty is provided or impofed on any particular or fpecifick offence |pjoft any part of this ad, die fum of five pounds; and that lU forfeitures incurred by any offence committed againft this jfi, (hall and may be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods mdxhattels of the offender or offenders, by warrant under the hand and feal or hands and feals of any juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or piste where the offence (hall be committed$ and it (hall be kwful to and for the juftice or juftices to award to the party Complaining, out of the faid penalty, the fum of two pounds itodten (hiUings, and the remainder of the aforefaid penalty or penalties, not otherwife difpofed of and applied by this aft, to be paid and applied to and for the ufe of the poor of the parifti m place where the offence (hall have been committed, and (hall be paid to the overfeers of the poor of fuch parifti or place for that purpofe.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That no perfon or perfons (hall be fubjeft or liable to any profecution or wformtion before any juftice orjuftices of the peace, by virtue ofjhis aft, for any offence or offences againft this aft, unlefs information (hall be given of fuch offence or offences within twelve calendar months next after the offence committed.

XXill. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of any pa-rhh or place where any offence (hall be fuppofed to have been committed by any pawnbroker againft this aft, or fome or one of fuch officers, at the diferetion or direction of any juftice of VoXXXVI.	S	the

'	Digitized by Google

*5*

Penalty on pawnbrokers offending aeainft this aft.

Churchwardens, See. to profecutc.

2 o' 8f

Ad not to

extend to perfons lending money at 5 1 per cent, without further profit.

Juftlces not to have any fee«* or j^ra-tu'fies ror acting under this ad.

The ad to extend to executors, &c. of pawnbrokers.

General ilfue.

Double colls,

Inh'bitmts pf

my place where oif.jn-cysCommr'tcd deemed co:*:-petent *it-utfits.

Anno vlcefimo feptlmo GeoRgii III. c. 37. [1787;

the peace, on having notice from fuch jufticc of the peace of luch offence being fuppofed to have been committed, (hall, and they, or fome or one of them, to be nominated by fuch juftfee as aferefaid, are and is hereby required to profecute every offender for every offence fo to be fuggefted by fuch juftice W have been committed againft this adt, at the expence of there-fpedive parifh whereof they or he are, is, or (hall be, foribe time being, fuch officers or officer.	*	J

XXIV.	Provided always, That nothing in this a St contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any perfon or perfons whomfoever, who (hall lend money to any perfon or perfoni whomfeever upon pawn or pledge, at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum intereft, without taking any further of greater profit for the loan or forbearance of fuch money lent, on any pretence whatfoever.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further enaefted by the authority aforefaid, That no fee or gratuity whatfoever (hall be had, taken, or received, by any juftice of the peace, his or their clerk, or by any perfon whomfoever, for any fummons or warrant, or other proceedings whatfoever to be granted or made by any juftice or juftices of the peace in purfuance of this ad.

XXVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid* That all and every the provifoes, regulations, and claufes contained in this prefent ad, (hall, from and after the faid eleventh day of July one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, extend to, and include the executors, adminiftrators, and a/figns, of all and every deceafed pawnbroker, in the fame manner as the fame extend to and include the pawnbroker, when living* favc and except that no fuch executor or admimftrator of any f»cb deceafed pawnbroker fhali be anfwerable for any penalty or forfeiture perfonally, or to be paid out of his, her, or their osm monies or eftate, unlefs the lame final! be incurred and forfeited by his, her, or their own ad or neglcd.

XXVII.	And be it further enaded by die authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall, at any time or times, be filed, molefted, or proi’ecuted for any thing by him, her, or them done or executed in purfuance of this ad, or of any ciacfe, matter, or thing herein contained, fuch perfon or petfons may plead the general iiTue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his, her, or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdid fhali pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants ihall have double cofts awarded to* him, her, or them, againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That in all adions, fuits, informations, trials, and other proceedings in purfuance of this ad, or in relation to any matter or time herein contained, any inhabitant of the parifh, town, or place in which any offence or offences fhali be committed, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad, (hall be admiued to give evidence, and fhali be deemed competent

vrit-

Digitized by

Google

259

1787.] Anno vicefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 37.

wkoeffes, notwithftanding his, her, or their being an inhabitant or inhabitants of the parifh, town, or place, wherein any fuch oflence or offences (hall be fuppofed to have been committed.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That the juftice or juftices before whom any perfon (hall be convided, in maoner prefcribed by this ad, (hall caufe fuch re-fpedive con v id ion to be drawn up in the form, or to the effed following; (that is to fay),

f TJ E it remembtrtd, That on this	day of	Form	of	con*

to wit 1 -D in the	year of his Majcftfs reign, A. B. vidion.

is convified before	of	his	Majejiy's juftices of

the peace for the faid county of	[or,for the

riding or divifion of the faid county of	or,	for	the

tity, liberty, or town of	as	the cafe (hall happen

to be] for	and the faid

do adjudge him or her to pay and forfeit for the fame the fum of	Given	under

the day and year aforefaid.

And the faid juftice or juftices before whom fuch convidion (hall be had (hall caufe the fame, fo drawn up in the form aforefaid, to be fairly written upon parchment, and tranfmitted to the next general or quarter felliooof the peace to be held for the county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or place wherein fuch con-vidion was had, to be filed and kept amongft the records of the laid general or quarter feflion; and in cafe any perfon or per-fens fo convided (hall appeal from the judgement of the faid juftice or juftices to the faid general or quarter feflion, the juftices in fuch general or quarter feflion are hereby required, upon receiving the faid convidion drawn up in the form aforefaid, to proceed to the hearing and determination of the matter of the faid appeal, according to the diredions of this ad, any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding; and no Or-timri (hall be granted to remove any convidion, or other proceedings had thereon, in purfuance of this ad.

XXX.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded by the. authority aforefaid. That if any perfon convided of any Appeal; offence or offences punifhable by this ad (hall think him or herfelf aggrieved by the judgement of the juftice or juftices before whom he or (he (hall have been convided, fuch perfon (hall have liberty to appeal to the juftices at the next general or quarter feflion of the peace, which (hall be held for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, where fuch judgement (hall have been given; and that the execution of the faid judgement (hall in fuch cafe be fufpended, the perfon fo convided entering into a recognizance at the time of fuch conviction, with two fufficient fureties, in double the fum which fuch perfon (hall have been adjudged to pay or forfeit, upon condition to profeeute fuch appeal with effed, and to be forth coming

S 2	to

Digitized by

Google

26o

Anno vicefimo feptimo Georgii 111. c. 38. [1787.'

to abide the judgement and determination of the juftices in their faid next general or quarter feftion, and to pay fuch cofts as the faid juftices in fuch feftion (hall award on fuch occafton, which recognizance the faid juft ice or juftices before whom fuch conviction (hall be had is and are hereby impowered and required to take; and the juftices in the faid general or quarter feftion an hereby authorized and required to hear and finally determine the matter of the faid appeal, and to award fuch cofts as to them fhall appear juft and reasonable to be paid by either party; and if, upon the hearing of the faid appeal, the judgement of the juftice or juftices before whom the appellant (hall have been convicted (hall be affirmed, fuch appellant (hall immediately wy the fum which he or (he (hall have been adjudged to forfeit, together with fuch cofts as the juftices in the faid general or quarter feftion (hall award to be paid for defraying the ex peaces fuftained by the defendant or defendants in fuch appeal, or in default of making fuch payment, (hall fuffer the refpoSUve pains and penalties by this ad infli&ed upon perfons refpe&ively who (hall negled to pay, or (hall not pay, the refpedive Anns or forfeitures by this ad to be paid by or impofed upon perfons refpedively who (hall be convided by virtue of this ad.

XXXI.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded, Continuance That this ad (hall continue and be in force for one year only of ad. from the firft day of June in the prefcnt year one thoufaod feven

hundred and eighty-leven.

XXXII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afort-Publick ad. faid,That this ad (hall be a publick ad; and be judicially taken

notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other perfons what* foever, without the fame being (pecially pleaded.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An atl for the encouragement of the arts of dtfigning and printing linens, cotton:, callicoes% and mujlins, by vcjling the preprint thereof in the defigners, printers, and proprietors, for a amid time.

Preamble.

From June i, 1787. the proprietor of any original pat-tern for printing linen* to have the foie right of printing it

TTTHEREAS it maybe expedient, for the encouragementsf V V the arts of deftgtiing original patterns for printing linens, «/-licoes, cottons, and mujlinss to vejl the property thereof in the defignen% printerj, or proprietors^ for a limited time \ for which purpol'e may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it cn-aded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal* and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the firft day oi June one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, every perfon who fhall invent, defign, and print, or caufe to be invented, defigned, and printed, and become the proprietor of any new and original pattern or patterns for printing linens, cottons, callicocs, or muflins, (hall have the foie right and liberty of priming and reprinting the fame for the term of two months, to commence

from

Digitized by

Google

Anno vicefimo fcptimo GeoRGH III. c. 38.

fern the day of the firft publishing thereof, which (hall be truly printed with the name of the printer or proprietors at each end of every fuch piece of linen, cotton, callicoe, or mudin ; and that if any callicoe printer, linen draper, or other perfon whatfoever, from and after the firft day ot June one thoufand feren hundred and eighty-fevcn, within the time limited by this ad, (hall print, work, or copy, fuch original pattern or patterns, or caufe to be primed, worked, or copied, fuch original pattern or patterns, or (hall print or reprint, or caufe to be printed or reprinted, any fuch pattern or patterns, and (hall publifh, fell, or expofe to (ale, or in any other manner difpofe of, or caufe to be publi(hed,fold,or expofed to fale,or in any other manner difpofed of, any linen, cotton, callicoe, or muflin, fo printed without the confent of the proprietor or proprietors thereof, firft had and obtained in writing, figned by him or them refpedtively in the prefence of two or more credible witneffes, knowing the fame to be fo printed or reprinted without the confent of the proprietor or proprietors of fuch pattern, then every fuch proprietor or proprietors (hall and may, if the offence be committed in England, by and in a fpccial adtion upon the cafe, to be brought againft the perfon or perfons fo offending, recover fuch damages as a jury on the trial of fuch adtion, or on the execution of a writ of enquiry thereon, (hall give or affefs, together with cofts of fait, in which no wager of law, effoin, privilege, or protection, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed ; and if the offence be committed in Scotland, every fuch proprietor or proprietors (hall and may, by an adtion to be brought before the court of feflion, or any judge competent to try civil caufes within bis bounds, recover fuch damages as the faid court of fefiion, or the faid judge, (hall give or affefs, and for payment whereof decree (hall be iffued with full cofts of fuit, on which all fuch execution (hall pafs as is competent by the laws and practice of Sutlond in the like cafes: provided neverthelefs, that it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons who (hall hereafter purchafe any plate or plates, block or blocks, for printing, from the original proprietors thereof, to print, reprint, and expofe for (ale, or caufe to be printed, reprinted, and expofed for fale, from the faid plates or blocks, without being liable to any action on that account.

II.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,That if any adrion or fuit (hall be commenced or brought againft any perfon or perfons whatfoever, for any offence committed againft this a<5, the fame (hall be brought within the fpace of fix months after fo doing, and the defendant or defendants, in fuch adtion or fuit, if brought in England, (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence; and if, upon fuch adtion or fuit, a verdidt (hall be given for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonfuited, or difeontinue his, her, or their adtion or adtions, then the defendant or defendants (hall have and receive full cofts; for the recovery whereof he (hall have the ft me remedy as any other de-

S ?	t	fendant

Digitized by vjjOCK^IC

for % months from firft publication;

and whoever (hall within that period print the fame, to be liable to an action for damages;

but any per* fonpurchafing plates from the proprietors may print therefrom*

Mode of pro-fecuting for. offences againft this ad*.

%&% Anno vicefimoTeptimo Georgii III. c. 39-^41. [1787;

fendant or defendants in any other cafe hath or have by law; and if fuch adtion be brought in Scotland and not infifted in, or if the defender be aflbilzicd, then the defender (hall be intitled to full cofts, for the recovery whereof he (hall have the fame remedy as herein-before is given to the purfuer.

A& to conti-	And	be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

rue in force That this adt (hall continue in force for one year, and from for one year, thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick adt, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other perfons what foe ver, without fpecially pleading the fame.

and to the end of the then next feflion.

CAP. XXXIX.

An adl for appointing eommifiioners further to enquire into thelofib and ferviccs of all fuch perfons who have fuffered in their rights, pro* perties, and profefiions, during the la*e unhappy difientions in America, in confequer.ee of their loyalty to his Majefty, and attachment to the Britilh government.

a3 Geo. 3 c. 80, recited. Six eommifiioners conftituted who may appoint perfons to travel in America to enquire into the fadts and into the lofies in confequence of adt 16 Geo. 3. c. 5. Fraudulent claims excluded from any compenfation. Giving falfc evidence liable to the penalties of perjury. Commifiioners in the colonies to continue to enquire into claims; and in cafe of difference,of opinion, to require the amftanccof the governor, who, in cafe of the death of a commifiioner, is to fopplf his place. Commifiioners in America may, within fix months after the pafling this adt, take an oath before the governor, chief juftice, &c. which fhall render their adts valid. Commifiioners to give an sccoust of their proceedings to the treafury and fecretarjes of ttatc. Treafurv to pay 4.0001, to the commifiioners; for paying clerks, &c. Commit fioners may receive halfpay. In cafe of the death, See. of a commifiioner during the recefs of parliament, his Majefty may appoint another. This adt to continue one year from July 15,1787.

CAP. XL.

An adt to indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify themfeba for offices and employments; and to indemnify juftices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thofe purpofes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whofe admifiions have been omitted to be (tamped according to la*, or, having been ftamped, hare been loft or mi (laid ; and for allowing them time to provide admjlfi* oils duly (tamped ; and to give further time to fuch perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors.

CAP. XLI.

An adt for granting to his Mijefty a certain fum of money, to be railed

by a lottery.

756,^751. to be raifed by a lottery of 50,000 tickets at 151. as. 9d. each with other ufunl directions. 500,0001. the amount of the prizes, to be paid out of any i'upplies granted this fefiion. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 50,000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets: 3 of *0,0001.: 3 of jo,gcoI.: 5 of 5,ooo 1.: 10 of 1,0001.: 20 of x.ccol.: 30 of 5001.: 100 of 100I.: ico of 50).: 15,150 of 101. i,ooo I. to the firft drawn ticket of the firftday; 5jOOo1. to ditto the 19th day ; 1,0001. to the laft drawn. Lottery to begin

drawing

Digitized by Google

2 6j

17J7.] Anno vicefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 42,43.

driving: on Peb. if, 1788. The 5®o,oool. for the payment of the for-tuiute tickets, to be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, on Jane 1,1788, &c. General ifluc. Treble cofts.

CAP. XLII,

An ad for allowing further time for the inroflment of deeds and willf made by papifts, and for the relief of purchasers.

CAP. XLIII.

An aft for taking and jwearing affidavits to be made ufe of in the uurt of feffion of the county palatine of Chefter; and for taking of /penal bail in aft ions and fuits depending in the fame coart.

WHEREAS it hath been found inconvenient that no perfon prcamb!e.

or perfom is or are impowered to grant commiffions for the

taking or /wearing of affidavits, to be read and made ufe cf in the court

of ftjjion, otherwife called Great Seflion, for the county palatine of

Chefter, before bis Mijejly s jujlices of the faid courts as well of

pleas of the crown as of common pleas, and of all manner of pleas

whatfoever, in the feveral matters and caufes depending, or hereafter

to be depending, in the faid court; and that the prothonotary of the

[rid court for the time being, or his officiating deputy, have not power

oni authority to take and Jwear fuch affidavits, as aforefaid, and to

take affidavits for the jujftfication of fpecial bails, taken in aft ions and

fiits in the faid court; and alfo, that no perfon or perfons is or are

impowered to grant commiffions for the taking offpecial bails in aft ions

and fuits in the faid court; for remedy whereof, be it enabled by

the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and

confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in

this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the

fame, That, from and after the palling of this aft, the juftices Juftices of the

of the faid court for the time being, or either of them, (hall and court of fef-

may, by one or more commiflion or commiffions, under the fion for the

ftal of the faid countv palatine, from time to time, as need lhall 5£untJJ?3

.	.	r ',r	r	r	.	tine orLnefter

require, impower fuch and fo many perfon or perfons as they may jmp0wer

or either of them (hall think fit or neceflary to take and receive perfons to all and every fuch affidavit and affidavit? as any perfon or per- take afficia-fons (hall be willing to make, before any of the perfons fo im-powered, in or concerning any caufe, matter, or thing, depend- therein, mg, or hereafter to be depending, or in any wife concerning any ouhe proceedings to be in the faid court, as the juftices of his Majefty’s courts of King’s bench and common pleas, the lord treafurer, and the chancellor and barons of tlie court of exchequer for the time being, or any of them, do ufe to do ; and Prothonotary alfo that, from and after the palling of this aft, it (hall and may or h’* be lawful for the prothonotary of the faid court of feffion for the ^davits, faid county of Che/lcr for the time being, or his officiating deputy tt officio, as officers of the fame court, and without fuch commiflion or commiffions as aforefaid, to take and receive all and every fuch affidavit and affidavits as afore aid, in or concerning fuch caufes, matters, or things as aforefaid ; which f.rd affidavits, taken as aforefaid, (hall be filed in the office of the prothonotary of the faid county, and the fame lhall and may bo

read

Pcrfons for. fwearing ihenafelves liable to the

Anno vicefimo feptimo Georgii III. 0*43. [1787.

read and made ufe of in the faid court, to all intents and par* pofes, as other affidavits taken in the faid court now are; tad that all and every affidavit and affidavits', taken as afore&id, (hall be of the fame force and effedt as affidavits taken in the faid court now are: and all and every perfon and perfoosfav fwearing him or themfelves in fuch affidavit or affidavits, fludl incur and be liable unto the fame pains and penalties as be, (be.

as for falfe affidavits in open court. Manner of making out commiffions for taking affidavits, See.

Fees to be

fabicpenalties or they would have incurred and been liable unto if fuch affida--vit or affidavits had been made and taken in open court; whkh faid feveral commiffions (hall be made out by the prothotibttry of the faid court of feffion, upon a fiat or warrant from the Ud juftices for the time being, .or one of them; and the faid pro-thonotary (hall caufe an entry to be made, in a book to btfcepc for that purpofe', of the names of the perfons to whom fab commiffions (hall be from time to time granted, and of the refpecHve times when fuch commiffions (half be iflued; and the following fees (hall be paid for each commiffion, and no moce; (to wit): the fum of .two (hillings for the fiat or warrant; the paid for fuch fum of four (hillings for making out the commiffion, bcfideslhe andfbrTaldn King’s duty, and ^ie value of the parchment; and the fimjof affidavits*4. f°ur idlings for fealing the fame: and the faid prothonoury, 'and his officiating deputy, and every commiflioner, or perfon h impowered, as aforefaid, (hall take and receive, for the fwearing of each affidavit before him or them, the fum or fee of one to°be^takcn idling, and no more : provided neverthelefs, that neither any within a mile Per^on appointed a commiflioner as aforefaid, nor the faid proof Chefter -thonotary, or his deputy, (hall take or fwcar any affidavit within cattle during one mile of the caftle or Chefter during the time of holding the feffionUI,ty	f°r	the faid county.

II. And, to give greater eafe and benefit to the perfons re/dinf within the faid county palatine of Chefter, tn taking recognizances if Jpecial bail in all Qftions and fusts depending or to be depending in toe faid court of feffion; be it further enabled by the authority afore-Jufticesofthe faid. That the juftices of the fame court for the time being, or (aid court either of them, (hall and may, by one or more commiffion or perfons^toWCF commiffions under the feai of the (aid county palatine from time to time, as need (hall require, impower fuch and fo many perfon and perfons (other than common attornies or folicitors) as they or.either of them (hall think fit and neceflary in the faid county palatine of Chefter, to take and receive all and every fuch recognizance or recognizances of bail or bails, as any perfon or perfons (hall be willing and defirous to acknowledge or make before any perfon fo impowered, in any a&ion or fuit depending,or hereafter to be depending in the faid court, in fuch manner and form, and by fuch recognizance or bail piece as fpecial bails are ufually, or by law ought to be taken; which faid feveral lift-mentioned commiffions (hall be made out by the prothonotary iur laKin	l*ie	court» uPon a Sat or warrant from the faid juftices

fuchVecogni- f°r the l,me being, or one of them, and which faid recognizance aances, &c. or recognizances, bail piece or bail pieces, fo taken as aforefaid, together with qtx affidavit made of thp due taking of the recognizances

take recognizances.

Manner of making out

conmiffions for taking

Digitized by

Google

1797.] Anno vkcGrtio feptimO GeOROU III. 6*43.	6(5

nixances of fucfa bail Or bail piece, by feme credible perfon pre-

feu at the taking thereof, (and which affidavit the perfon fo

impowered to take the faid bail (hall be, and hereby it authorized

to tike and (Wear), (hall, within ten days after the taking fuch

bail, be tranftiitted to the office of the prothonotary of the faid

couoty, there to be filed of record upon payment of the fum of

five (hillings and four*pence; and which recognizance of bail or

bail piece, fo taken and transmitted, (hall be of like effect as if

the lame were taken before the juftices of the fold court, in open

court; and the following fees, and no more, (hall be paid for Fees to be

each of the faid lift mentioned commiffions, and for taking the P1.^ for fotnm

acknowledgements of the bail and affidavits refpe&ing the fame; ^cog.

(to wit). The fum of two (hillings for the fiat or warrant; the niaancei/

ram of feven (hillings and fixpence for making out the commif-

ion, befides the King’s duty and parchment; the fum of four

(hillings for the feal; the fum of five (hillings for taking every

fetch acknowledgement or bail piece; and the fum of one (hil-

ling for the fwearine the affidavit of the due taking thereof.

I1L And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That the (aid juftices for the time being (hall and may make JuHcesafth* fcich rules and orders for the juftifying of fuch bails, and making ™ „akc the fame abfolute, as to them (hall feem meet, (b that it may riles for jnfti-not be neceflary for the cognizor or cognizors of any fuch bail fyng bail by or bails to appear in the faid court to juftify him or themfelves, afidarits bc-but that the fame may be determined by affidavit or affidavits duly taken before any of the faid commiffioners to be appointed as aforefaid, (or before the prothonotary of the faid court for the time being, or his officiating deputy, ex officii, as officers of the faid court, and without any commiffion for that purpofe), touching the value of the refpe&ive eftates, and other neceflary qualifications of fuch cognizor or cognizors; and for the fwear-ing of each fuch affidavit (hall be taken the fum of one (hilling, and no more: provided alfo neverthelefs. That nothing in this P<werof pro-aft contained (lull prevent the prothonotary of the faid court tbnotary, or for the time being, or his officiating deputy, from taking and receiving ex officio, and as officers of the faid court, recognizances zacci nc* of bails in adtions or fuits commenced, or hereafter to be com- beiffefted by menced in the faid court, in fuch manner as he and they have *hi aft. done, or by law might do, and as if this adl had not been

made.

IV. And it is further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That Ifiny perfon any perfon or perfons who (hall, before any perfon or perfons r*rcf?nt an-impowered by virtue of this adt, as aforefaid, to take fpecial ^inVinto* bail or bails, reprefent or perfonate any other perfon or perfons, fpcial bail, whereby the perfon or perfons fo reprefented or perfonated may hefhall be be liable to the payment of any fum or fums of money for debt Judged ^ or damages, to be recovered in the fame fuit or adtion wherein *c °* fuch perfon or perfons is or are reprefented or perfonated, as if he, the, or they, had really acknowledged and entered into the fame, being lawfully convidted thereof, (hall be adjudged, pfteemed, and taken to be a felon or felons, and (hall fufifer and

incur	*

Digitized by

Google

incur the fame pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as perfons con-vifled of the like offences are liable to by virtue of an ad, paffed in the fourth year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An aft for taking [pedal bails in the country, upon anions and fuits depending in the courts of King’s bench, common pleas, and exchequer, at Weftminfter.

Preamble.

Suits inecce-fiaftical courts for defamatory words to bt commenced within fix months.

Limitation f fuits in ecch-fiaftical Courts.

CAP. XLIV.

An aft to prevent frivolous and vexatious fuits in eccleftafical courts.

WHEREAS it is expedient to limit the time for the commencement of certain fuits in the eccleftaftical courts : may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be ena&ed ; and be it enacted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and copimons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the firft diay of Augujl one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, no fait for defamatory words fhall be commenced in any of the eccle-fiftica! courts within England, Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, unlefs the fame (hall be commenced within fix calendar months from the time when fuch defamatory words fhall have been uttered.

II.	And be it further ena<Sed by the authority aforefaid, That no fuit (hall be commenced in any eccleftaftical court, for fornication, or incontinence, or for (hiking or brawling in any church or church-yard, after the expiration of eight calendar months from the time when fuch offence (hall have been committed; nor (hall any profecution be commenced or carried on for fornication at any time after the parties offending (hall have law* fully intermarried.

CA*P. XLV.

An ad for rebuilding the pier of Margate in the ifle of Thanet, in the county of Kent; for ascertaining, eitabliftiing, and recovering certain duties in lieu of the ancient and cuftomary droits, for the fupport and maintenance of the faid pier; for widening, paving, repairing, cleaning, lighting, and watching the ftreets, lanes, highways, and publick paflage* in the town of Margate, and pai ifh of Saint John the Baptift, in the faid ille of Thanet; for fettling the rates of porters, chairmen, carters, and carmen within the faid town; arid for preventing encroachments, nuifances, and annnoyances therein.—See ix Geo. x.c. y

CAP. XLVI.

JiGeo.a.c.* An ad for continuing the term of two ads made in the eleventh year jGeo.3.c.al of the reign of his late Majefty George the Second, and the third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for laying a duty of two pennies Scot*, or one fixtb part of a penny fterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer which (hall be brewed for fale, brought into, vended, tapped, or fold, within the town of Aberbrothock, and liberties thereof.

CAP. XLVII.

An ad for rectifying miftakes in the names of feveral of the commiffion-ers appointed by an ad, made in the laft feflion of parliament, to put in execution an ad made in the fame fefijon, intituled. An ad for

granting

Digitized by UooQle

2 6f

1787.] Anno vicelimo ieptimo GEORGII III. C, 48.

yrautiog aa aid to hit Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fenrice of the year one tboufend feven hundred and eighty-fix; and for appointing other CQmmiflioners, together with thofe named in the fine mentioned ad, to put in execution an ad of tbit feflion of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fer?ice of the year one tbouland feven hundred and cighty-fcven.

CAP. XLVIII.

Ah ad to enabli the Eaft India company to continue their wareboufet already built 9 and to build new wareboufet exceeding certain di-menfions, freed and difebarged from the regulations and directions contained in an aft made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his mojefly King George the Third, intituled, An aft for the further and better regulation of buildings and party walls; and for the more effeftually preventing mifehiefs by fire within the cities of London and Weflminfler, and the liberties thereof, and other the parishes, precinfts, and places, within the weekly bills of mortality, the parifhes of Saint Mary le Bon9 Padding-ton. Saint Pancras9 and Saint Luke at Chelfea9 in the county of Middlefex*, and for indemnifying, under certain conditions, builders and other perfons againft the penalties to which they are or may be liable for erefting buildings within the limits aforefaid contrary to law.

WH E R E A S, by an aft of parliament, made and pajfed in the Preamble.

frurteenth year of the reign of bis prefent Majejly, intituled,

An ad for the further and better regulation of buildings and t4Geo.3 c.7S.

party walls; and for the more effeftually preventing mifehiefs

by fire within the cities of London ancl fVeflminfler, and the

liberties thereof, and other the parifhes, precinfts, and places,

within the weekly bills of mortality, the parifhes of Saint Mary

It Bon, Paddington, Saint Pan eras, and Saint Luke at Chelfea9 in

the county of Middlefex\ and for indemnifying, under certain

conditions, builders and other perfons againft the penalties to

which they are or may be liable for erefting buildings within

the limits aforefaid contrary to law; it was9 among/! other things,

matted, That no flack of warehoufes, to be erefted after the twenty-

fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four9

jbmld contain more than thirty-five fquares of building on tie ground

plan thereof including all the external and internal walls, and Jo much

of the parly walls, if any9 as belonged to fuch flack of warthoufes;

and that no enlargement Jbould be at any time thereafter made to any

flack of warehouses already built or begun9 fo as to increafe the fame

beyond the faid thirty-fiioe fquares on the ground plan9 including fuch

walls as aforefaid9 except Jucb flack of warehoufes Jhould be feparated

and divided by one or more party wall or party walls9 built in every

rifled according to the directions therein before contained concerning

piny walls, into diviflons of not more than thirty five fquares each,

including fuch walls as aforefaid9 on the ground plan of fuch ware-

kwfts-y and tb it no flack of warehoufes Jhould communicate with anr

slier wareheufe or building through a party iv://, unlefs the cloor-cafe

and	*

Digitized by Google

The Eaft India company poffdTed of and building warehoufes exceeding thirty-five fquares.

Expedient that the faid company ihould be al-

Anno vicefimo feptimo GeoRGII III. c. 49,50. [178;.

and Jiill of every fucb communication Jhould be $f floaty and unltfi there Jhould be to every fitch communication a door of wrought tren, cf the thicknefs of a quarter of an inch at leafy in the parmels tbertif; and that no timber bond or lintel Jhould be laid into the brick wtrktf any wall in any fucb flack of warehoufes nearer than eighteen Mn to the opening of fucb communication : and whereas the united empty of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies are poffejfeioni in the ufe of warehoufes heretofore ere fled, which, on the ground (lx thereof exceed thirty-five fquareSy without any dtvifion; and thej on now building, and may hereafter build other wareboufesy for tie fur* pofe of carrying on their trcde9 which are neujfary to be built of £• menfions exceeding thirty five fquares, without being divided bj t party wall or party walfs9 as in the faid aft are expreffti: ecd whereas it is expedient that the faii united company Jhould be eQml to continue their prefent wareboufesy and to build new warehoufes, f lowed to con- dimenfions convenient to their tradiy freed from the regulations ek tinue thc,r^ directions of the faid recited aft: may it therefore pleafe your Ma-ES Tnde j*fty ^iat lt bc enafted > and be it enacted by the King's build others, mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and coofent of freedfromthe the lords fpiritual and temporal,. and commons, in this prefent rh8foM0 a °f Par^amcnt affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That .the laid ac . warehoufes of the faid united company already erefted, and

wrehoufes tlie wareho^fes now erefting and hereafter to be erefted for the of the faid ufe of the faid united company, and every of them, (hall be freed company thall from, and (hall not be fubjeft unto all or any the regulations be freed from and direfttons contained in the faid recited aft, in refpeft totlie dimenfions thereof, without a divifion or divifions by a party will ad*° 31 or Party wa^s ’> ^ul li Giall and may be lawful /or the faid united company to continue their warehoufes already built and building, and hereafter to build new warehoufes for their own ufe, of dimenfions exceeding thirty-five fquares, without dividing tbt fame by a party wall or party walls, and freed and difclmged from the other regulations and directions mentioned and contained in the faid recited aft, refpefting buildings in the cities of London and WeflminflcTy and other places in the faid aft mentioned ; any thing in the faid recited aft contained to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

Publicfc aft. II. And be it further enafted, That this aft (hall be and be deemed and taken to be a publick aft; and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, jufticcs, and other perlons whom foe ver, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XHX.

An aft for dividing the parifh of Saint James, in the city and county of Briftol, and county of Gloucefter, and for building a church, tod providing a coemetery or church yard, and parfonage houfc, within the new parifti.

CAP. L,

An aft to enable his Maiefty to licence a playboufe in the town and county of the town of Newcaftle upon Tyne.--Aft zo Geo. a. c. 28, repealed in refpeft thereof.

Digitized by

Google

CAP.

CAP. LI.

An ad for making a road from Saint Bernard’s Street, in the town of Leith, to the foot of Leith Walk, in the county of Edinburgh; and for widening and enlarging certain ftreets in the city of Edinburgh, and the avenues leading to the fame) and for amending two feveral afts patted, relative to the faid city, in the twenty-fifth (chap. a$) and twenty-fixth years (chap. 113) of his prefent Majefty’s reign.

CAP. LII.

An aft for better lighting and watching the village of Camberwell, ia the county of Surrey, and certain roads and other places adjoining or near thereto.

Inhabitants of Camberwell to pay ool. per ann. to the truftees of Peck* ham for terrace, fee. 5, and difcbarged from patrole from Peckham to Blackman Street, fee. 7. Inhabitants of Camberwell may be witnefles, fee. 9.

CAP. LIII.

A* *8 far bitter draining and preferring certain lands and grounds witinn the level of Hatfield Chace, and parts adjacent, in the counties of York, Lincoln and Nottingham.

WHEREAS certain lands and grounds, fituate within the?reamble.

level of Hatfield Chace, and parts adjacent, in the counties i/York, Lincoln, and Nottingham, being heretofore fubjefl to be overflowed, feveral powers were from time to time granted to the emmiffioners of fewers for the faid level\ and parts adjacent, for the ireimetg and preferving the faid lands and grounds 5 and in conference thereof the faid lands and grounds have been very conftderably improved, but the powers granted to the faid commijfioners, as afore-fdi, are not fufficient for effectually draining and preferving the faid lends and grounds: and whereas the faid lands and grounds might be better drained and preferved,, if the faid commijfioners of fewers were empowered to make proper drains and other works for tkofe purpofos: end iqhereas the participants of the faid level, and parts adjacent, are willing and defer ous thatfuch drains and other works, as aforeJ'aid,fhsuld bt made, and that the expends thereof Jhould be charged upon the Lnds and grounds belonging to, or held by or in truft for the faid participants, and be raifed in like manner as the other expends of draining and preferving the faid level, and parts adjacent, are now raifed: but edtbougb the making fuch drains and other works, as aforefaid, will be of great benefit and advantage to the owners and proprietors of the feveral lands and grounds which are liable to be overflowed as afiufaid', the fame cannot be done without the aid and authority of parliament: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords Tpirirual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That the commiflion- Work* to be ert of fewers for the faid level of Hatfield Chace, and parrs adja- done bv the cent, or any fix or more of them, (hall and are hereby autho-rized and required, as foon as conveniently may be, to caufe the	wc	•

prefent

■

Digitized by >

Anno vicefimo feptimo Georgii Ilf. C. 53. [1787.

prcfcnt outfall fluice, or dough, upon a certain drain or river within the faid level, called The South River, at the jundion thereof with the river Trent^ to be taken up, and a new outfall fluice, or dough, to be built indead thereof, of the width of fifteen feet at the lead in the water way, and the threfhold thereof to be laid two feet lower than the threfhold of the prefent outfall fluice, or dough, upon the North River 5 and alfo to caufe the faid South River, for the length of one hundred .and twenty chains from the faid fluice or dough, to be properly fcoured, deanfed, and deepened, fo as the bottom thereof may be upon 1 level with the threfhold of the faid new fluice or dough, and of the width of twenty feet at the lead, and to caufe all the earth taken out of the faid South River to be laid in bank fafhionod both fides thereof, and fo as the faid banks may be two feet at the lead higher than the highefl high water mark in the refpec-tive drains at Althorpe, in the greated floods; and alfo to cade a new cut or drain to be made from the faid South River (at the didance of about one hundred and twenty chains from the faid fluice or dough) in fuch line and dirc&ion, and of fuch width, as they (hall think proper, to join and communicate with the river Tome, at the didance of about two chains above the great bend or elbow in the faid river Tcrne> wed of and near td Hirjl Hall, in the parifli of Belton, in the county of Lincoln; and alfo to caufe the faid river Torne, from the jundion thereof with the faid new cut or drain to the fecond bend or elbow in the (aid' river Torney below a place called Rofs Bridge (being the fpaceof about one hundred and feventy-two chains and a half) to be properly fcoured and cleanfed, and made of the width of fifteen feet at the lead at the bottom of the faid river; and alfo to caufe a new cut or drain to be made from the faid river Torne at the faid fecond bend or elbow below Rofs Bridge, in fuch line and diredlion, and of fuch width, as they (hall think proper, to join and communicate with a certain drain called The New Idley on the fouth fide of and near to the dop gate at a place oalkd Tunnel Pit 5 and alfo to caufe the faid river Torney from the junction thereof with the faid South River to the faid great bend of elbow near to Hirjl Hall (being the fpace of about nincty-feven chains) to be fcoured and cleanfed, and made of the width of twenty feet at the lead at the bottom of the faid river; and alfo to caufe a new cut or drain to be made from the faid great bend or elbow near to Hirjl Hally in fuch line and direction as they fhall think proper, and of the width of twenty feet at the leaft at the bottom thereof, to join and communicate with the (aid river Torne at the fird bend or elbow in the faid river below Refs Bridge sforefaid; and alfo to caufe the faid South River above and near to the place where the fame (hall communicate with the faid fird-memioned new cut or drain, and alfo above and near to the pl*ce where the faid South River communicates with the faid river Tcrney to be effetfually dammed or dopped up; and alfo to caufe a draw gate or (launch to be created in the bank between the faid North and South rivers, with a water way

Digitized by Google

Anno vicefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 53.*	27£

«t at the leaft, at or below the junflion of the faid North vith the new drain leading to the river Trent, at Keadby,

: door or doors of fuch draw gate or (launch (hall be up occafionally, whenever frefli watef (hall be required iring the outfall fluice of the faid South River, or for the ufe ein dry feafons, and for thofe purpofes only; and for the of effectually holding up and turning the water through 1 draw gate or (launch, to caufe land doors to be ereCted of the (luices at the outfalls of the North and South ri-ic tops of fuch doors to be upon the fame level as the top and doors of the fluice at Keadby; and alfo to caufe cuts is to be made from the faid South River above and near •elpcdive places where the fame (hall be fo dammed or up as aforefaid, to join and communicate with a certain the faid level, called The North River, each of fuch cuts as to be made of fuch width as they (hall think proper Rcicnt for conveying the water from the faid South River : faid North River and the faid commiflioners of fewers,

6x or more of them, (hall, and are hereby alfo authorized quired to caufe the feveral new cuts or drains fo to be S henein-before direded, and alfo fuch parts of the faid liver and river Torne as are Jto be fcoured and cleanfed as d, to be made of fuch depth, and to be (loped and bat-n each fide in fuch manner, as they (hall think ncceflary Dper, and alfo to caufe the banks of the faid South River, the faid river Torne, to be repaired and amended at fuch is they (hall judge neceflary; and alfo to caufe good and it banks to be made on each fide of the faid refpe&ive its or drains, of fuch width and heighth as they fhall ufficicnt for fecuring and preferring the adjoining lands junds from injury or damage, by means of the faid new drains; and the faid commiflioners of fewers, or any fix eof them, (hall, and are hereby authorized and required,

1 as conveniently may be after the feveral works aforefaid (nplcted, to caufe the faid river Torne to be effectually or flopped up above and near to the faid great bend or near Hirft Hall, and alfo between the faid firft and fecond or elbows below Ro/s Bridge.

\nd be it further enabled, That if, by the making any Bridges to be

it or drain as aforefaid, or deepening any old one, the made over the ..	r	r	r	u*	t	•	new	drains,	if

: ot any perfon or perlons, or of his or their cattle or neceflary*

;es, to or from his or their lands or grounds, (hall be in-

tedor prevented, the faid commiflioners of fewers, or any

more of them, Hull and are hereby required, before fuch

drain (hall be completed, to caufe fuch bridge or bridges

ere&ed and made acrofs the fame as the faid commiflion-

fewers, or any fix or more of them, (hall judge proper

jnvenient, for the paflage of the occupier or occupiers of

ands or grounds refpe&ively, and of his and their cattle

arriages, to and from the fame ; and the faid commiflion-

fewers, or any fix or more of them, may and are hereby

autlio-

Digitized by VjOOQl0

2JZ

w

Power to get materials.

Recompence to be made for damages to private lands to be

Anno vicefimo fcptlmo Gcoicn III. C. $ f.

authorized and impowered to caufe fuch number pf, tui (launches to be placed or made in the tanks of the (aid Torne, at fuch place and places as they (hall judge conveying water from the faid river into any lands or for the purpofe of watering the cattle deptflored therein.

HI. And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall be lawful faid commiflioners of fewers, or any fix or more of any perfon or perfons to be by them appointed for that to get, dig, take, and carry away, any earth, clay,, fcm Hones, or other materials, proper, requifite, and convi making, carrying on, and completing the feveral cuts or and otner works herein-before directed to be made, in, or over any common or wade ground, or the lands or | of any perton or perfons (not being the feite of a boufe, garden, orchard, yard, planted walk, or avenue to any and to place, lay, and depofit any fuch earth, clay, (sod, Hones, or other materials upon any lands or grounds or lying near to the faid intended cuts or drains, j works, and ailo to do and perform all fuch other works, ters, and things as the faid commiflioners of fewers, or or more of them, (hall, from time to time, think neceflary for carrying the purpofes of this ad into tion.

IV. And be it further ena&ed, That the faid comi of fewers, or any fix or more of them, (hall, and are thorized and required, to make fuch recompence and tion to the owners or proprietors of the feveral lands and

afeertained by (not being commons or wafte grounds) through, over, <

arbitrators

which the faid cuts or drains, and other works beforc-i ed, (hall be made, or in or upon which any materials i gotten, digged, taken, or carried away, or (hall be laid 4 pofited as aforefaid, or which (hall be otherwife prejudic damaged by or in confequence of the faid drains and works before-mentioned, for the lofs or damage which ~ occafioned thereby, as (hall be afeertained and determir two difinterefted perfoos, to be named and appointed arb* for that purpofe, one by the faid commiflioners of any fix or more of them, at a court of fewers to be hold that purpole, and the other by the refpedive owners 01 prietors of fuch lands or grounds; and the faid arbitrators! and are hereby authorized gnd required, by fuch ways 1 means as they (hall think proper, to afeertain and dete the recompence and fatisfa&ion to be made to fuch own If arbitrators proprietors as aforefaid ; but in cafe the faid arbitrators (hath

cannot agree, agree in opinion touching any fuch recompence and fatisfi

they are to appoint an umpire.

as aforefaid, then the faid arbitrators (hall and are hereby 1 ed, before the expiration of three calendar months next they (hall have been named and appointed as aforefaid, to( minate and appoint fome difinterefted perfon to ad as uiofj between them ; which umpire (hall and is hereby required, { fuch ways and means as lie (hall think proper, to afeertain si y	detcrmii

Digitized by v^.ooQle

Anno vitfefimo feptiino GeoRGJI III. c. 53;	273

detennine the recompence and fatisfaflion concerning which ftich arbitrators (hall not agree in opinion as aforefaid; and the arbitrators or umpire making any fitch determination as aforefaid, (hall and is and are hereby required, within three calendar months next after being named and appointed as aforefaid, to inake an award concerning the premifes, by writing under his or their hand or hands, and to deliver the fame to the clerk of the laid commiflioners, and alfo to deliver a duplicate thereof, figned by him or them, to the perfon or perfons to w(hom fuch recompence and fatLfa&ion is directed to be made as aforefaid.

V. Provided nevertheless. That if any fuch arbitrators or On default of umpire (hall not make and deliver his or their award and dupli- arbitrators or cate within the time herein-before directed for making and de- rifffofummon livering the fame, or in cafe the faid commiflioners, at any court a jury, to be holden after fuch lofs or damage (hall have happened, or the faid refpedtive owners, or any of them, (hall refufe or negledl to name or appoint fuch arbitrators on their refpe&ive parts, on being thereunto required, then the faid commiflioners of fewers, or any fix or more of them, (hall, and are hereby authorized and required, to iflue a warrant, under their hands and feals, to the (heriff of the county wherein the lands or grounds which (hall have been fo damaged as aforefaid are fltuate, requiring him to impanel, fpmmon, and return a jury; and the faid (he-xiff is hereby required to impanel, fummon, and return a jury of twenty-four honed and indifferent men, qualified to try ifliies joined in his Majefty’s courts at Wejlminjhr, to appear before the faid commiflioners, or any fix or more of them, at fuch time and place as in fuch warrant (hall be appointed, not being lefs than twenty-one days after fuch warrant (hall be ferved; and out of the perfons fo impanelled, fummoned, and returned, the faid commiflioners of fewers, or any fix or more of them,

(hall caufe twelve to be drawn by ballot, who (hall be the jury for the purpofe aforefaid; and the parties interefled (hall have Jurors may be their lawful challenges againfl any of the faid jurymen, when challenged, they come to be fworn* and if, by meajis of the faid challenges, or other caufe, there (hall happen noVlo be a fufficient number of the perfons fo impanelled, fummoned, and returned, to make & jury of twelve, then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall be lawful for the faid commiflioners of fewers, or any fix or more of them, and they are hereby required to add a ful^pient number of fuch honeft and indifferent men as (hall happen to be prefent (and who (hall alfo be liable to be fet afide, upon the lawful challenges of the faid parties) to the perfons fo drawn by ballot as aforefaid, until they have made up the number twelve; which jury, upon their oaths, to be adminiftered by the faid commif-fioners of fewers, or any fix or more of them (who are hereby impowered to adminifter an oath to them for that purpofe) (hall, by writing under their hands, afcertain and determine the rc-compence and fatisfadtion to be made to the perfon or perfons who (hall have fuftaincd any lofs or damage as aforefaid ; and Vol. XXXVI.	T	for

Digitized by

274	. Anno vicefimo feptimo GeoRGh III. c. 53. [1787.

for the better afcertaining thereof, all and every witnefs or wit-nefle$ who (hall be produced to be examined for that purpofe (hall be examined on oath before the faid jury, and it (hall be lawful for the faid commiflioners of fewers, or any fix of them, and they are hereby impowered to adminifler an oath to fuch witnefs or witnefles for that purpofe; and every fuch award and determination as aforefaid (hall be final, binding, and condufive unto and upon all and every the parties interested; and the re* compence and latisfadion, to be afcertained and determined as aforefaid, (hall be paid by the faid commiflioners of fewers, or any fix or more of them, within fix calendar months next after the fame (hall be afcertained and determined as aforefaid; which recompence and fatisfa&ion, to be made in refpedt of fuch lands or grounds (if any) as belong to any body politick or corporate, or are held in truft for any perfon or perfons, (hall be paid to fuch perfon or perfons as the faid commiflioners of fewers, or any fix or more of them, (hall think proper, in truft to be, with all convenient fpeed, inverted in the purchafe of other lands or hereditaments, which (hall be conveyed and fettled to the like ufes, trufls, and limitations, as the lands or grounds, in refpeft whereof fuch recompence and fatisfadlion (hall* become payable, (hall be refpe&ively fettled or limited; and that / the lands or grounds which (hall be flaked or fet out for making the faid new cuts or drains, or other works aforefaid, (ball, from and after the fame (hall be fo flaked or fet out, be, and the fame are hereby vefted in the faid participants, their heirs and afiigns, for ever.

Recompence VI. And be it further enadted. That the faid commiflioners to be made 0f fewers, or any fix or more of them, (hall, and are hereby auto commons. l*10r'ze^ anc* squired to pay fuch fum or fums of money, as a recompence and fatisfadlion for the damage which (hall be done to any commons or wafte grounds, by making any of the (aid cuts or drains, and for the vailue of fo much of the faid commons or warte grounds as (hall be taken or ufed for the purpofe of making the faid cuts or drains, as (hall be afcertained and determined by a jury in manner aforefaid, which money fiiall be paid into the hands of the expenditor to the faid participants, and (hall be applied in making drains and other works for draining the faid commons or wafte grounds, in fuch manner as the faid commiflioners of fewers, or any fix or more of them, (hall from time to time direct and appoint.

VII. And whereas it may be found expedient to ereft an additional fluke upon the Keadby new river or drain, in the bank of the rivtr rower to Trent, in the parifh of Keadby, in the county of Lincoln; be it diti^na?fluice t^iere^orc ena<^cd, That the faid commiflioners of fewers, or upon Keadby any f,x or more of them, may and are hereby authorized and liver. impowered, if they (hall judge u proper or expedient, at the re-queft of the major part in value of the faid participants, affem-bled at a meeting to be holden for that purpofe, pursuant to notice to be given fourteen days at the lead before fuch meeting, in the newfpaper, called The York Courant, and in fome newf-

paper

Digitized by

Google

*75

1787 ] Anno viccfimo feptimo Georgii III. 0.53#

paper publifhcd or circulated within the county of Lincoln 5 or at the requeft in writing, to which they fhall fubfcribe, their names (after the afprcfaid works fhall have been made and completed) of the majority of the owners in value of lands and grounds (giving the like notice of their intentions as is herein required from the participants) on the north and fouth Tides of the aforefaid drains, and on the north and fouth fides of the Keadby new drain, upon producing to the faid commiflioners of fewers, fatisfaftory evidence from two known, fkilful, and experienced engineers or furveyors, one to be appointed by the laid majority of owners in value, and the other by the majority in value of the faid participants, that fuch additional fluice will be evidently neceflary for the prevention of the overflowing of the lands and grounds of the feveral and refpeeftive owners on the north and fouth Tides of the drains intended to be continued and made in confequence of this aft, and of the owners and proprietors of the lands and grounds lying on the north and fouth fides of the Keadby new drain, to caufe a new additional	<

lluice to be made upon the faid Keadby new river or drain, in the bank of the faid river Trent, near to the prefent fluice at Keadby aforefaid, the fame to be made upon the lands of the faid participants, and to be of fuch fixe and dimcnfions as the faid commiffioners of fewers, or any fix or more of them, fhall think proper and expedient, fuch additional fluice to have land doors, and the tops thereof to be of the fame level with thofe of the prefent fluice at Keadby aforefaid.

VIII.	And, in order to raife money for defraying the charges and expmees of obtaining and paffing this and carrying the pnrpofes thereof into execution, be it further enafted, That it fhall he law- Lands of the ful for the faid commiflioners of fewers, or any fix or more of Par^iciP£"l8 them, to a fiefs, rate, and charge the feveral lands and grounds f^he prrpo-within the faid level, belonging to the faid participants, with fcs0f the aft. fuch annual fum or fums of money as fhall be fufficient for

paying and defraying the charges and expences attending the obtaining and palling of this aft, and alfoof carrying the fame into execution, in like manner as the faid commiffioners of few-ers, or any of them, are authorized to affefs, rate, or charge the fame lands or grounds, for the fupport and prefervation of the prefent works of drainage within the faid level, and parts adjacent, fo that fuch fum or Turns of money, fo to be aflefled, rated, and charged upon the faid refpeftive lands and grounds, or upon the refpeftive owners or proprietors thereof, in purfuance of this aft, as before mentioned, do and fhall bear an equal proportion with the refpeftive fums of money heretofore rated and charged upon or in refpeft of the fame lands and grounds refpe&ively, for the fupport and prefervation of the prefent works of drainage within the faid level, and parts adjacent.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the rates Tenants to

or fums of money to be aflefled, rated, and charged by the faid pay the taxes, commiflioners of fewers, or any fix or more of them, by virtue and dedudt of this aft, fhall be paid by the refpeftive tenants or occupiersoftheirrents®

T 2

of

2j6

FornrVer fecu-ritic8 not to be afFetted.

Works to be

reoaired at the expence of the participants.

Far*;c;pants to ir.ahc good t’amages oc-C Jlio’ td by defect in the banks, &c.

Anno vicefimo feptlmo Georgii III. C. 53. [1787;

of the lands and grounds which (hall be charged with the fame, and fuch tenants or occupiers (hall and may, and are hereby authorized and impowered, to retain and dedu<ft the fame out of the rents payable by them refpedtively to the owners or proprietors of fuch lands and grounds, and the faid commiflioners of fewers, or any fix or more of them, (hall have and exercife fuch and the like powers and remedies for recovering payment of the rates or fums of money fo to be aflefied, rated, and charged by them as aforefaid, when the fame (hall be in arrear, as by the laws now in being relating to fewers are granted to the taid commiflioners of fewers, or any of them, for the recovering the arrears of any taxes or rates of fewers.

X.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this a<ft contained (hall in anywife affe<5f, impeach, or leflen any right or priority of claim, which any perfon or perfons whols or are entitled to the money borrowed for the purpofe of draining and preferving the faid level, and parts adjacent, on the fe-curity of the lands and grounds belonging to, or held by or in truft for, the participants of the faid level, now hath or have upon fuch lands and grounds, in refpedt of the money fo borrowed and advanced, and the intereft thereof, but that fuch lands and grounds (hall, in the firft place, be fubjedf and liable to the payment of fuch mortey, and the intereft for the fame, any thing in this a<ft contained to the contrary hereof notwith-ftanding.

XI.	And'be it further enadted, That when the faid new cuts or drains, and other the works herein-before diredfed to be made and done, (hall be made and perfe&ed, the fame (hall for evet afterwards be cleanfed, fcoured, repaired, and fupported, under the controul, direction, and jurifdidion of the commiflioners of fewers for the faid level, and parts adjacent, by and at the expence of the faid participants, in like manner as the other works of drainage within the faid level are or ought to be cleanfed, fcoured, repaired, and fupported.

XII.	And be it further enadled, That in cafe of any defedt or

deficiency in the faid banks, drains, fluices, or other works, or r.egledt in fcouring the faid drains and outfalls, and the faid participants (hall refufe or negledt to repair the faid banks, drains, fluices, and other works, and fcour and open the faid outfalls, or any of them, within a reasonable time afrer notice in writing to be given for that purpofe, and delivered to their expenditor for the time being, or left at his ufual place of abode, then and in fuch cafe the (aid participants, their feveral and refpedtive heirs and afligns, (hall be anfwerablc for any damage to arife to the lands and grounds of any perfon or perfons, or to any crop or crops, ftock or effedls thereon, in conference of fuch defedt or deficiehcy in the faid banks, drains, fluices, or other works, or negledt to fcour and open the faid outfalls, the fame to be recovered by adtion in any of his Ma-jefty’s courts at IVcftminfitr, notwithftanding any thing herein contained to the contrary; and that for this purpofe only the •	faid

Digitized by Google

i7$7-] Anno viccfimo feptimo GeoRGII III. c. 53.	277

(aid participants may, after the completion of the fevcral works herein*before direded, be fued and impleaded, by and in the name of The Participants of the Level of Hatfield Chace, and Parts adjaunty in the counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham \ and that fuch name or defeription (hall be of the fame effect and avail, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid participants had been deferibed in fuch adion or a<5tions by their refpedive proper perfonal names and additions, or deferiptions; and that procefs ifluing out of any of his Majefty’s courts of law or equity againft the faid participants (hall and may beferved upon the expenditor for the time being employed by and under the faid participants, and that the fame (hall be deemed and taken to be good and lawful fervice upon the faid participants.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That no ad, order, or pro- No ad of the ceeding of the faid commiflioners of fewers, or any of them, in commi(fion-the execution of this ad, (hall be valid, unlefs made or done at Jj™ a court of fewers to be holden for the faid level, or parts adja- done at a cent; and all orders and proceedings of the faid commiflioners court of few-of fewers, made in purfuance of this ad, (hall be entered in the ers? and Pr^7 book of records of the court of fewers for the faid level, and cmemTin0^ parts adjacent; and fuch orders and proceedings, when entered, books of recall be deemed and taken to be original orders and proceed-cords of few-ings, and (hall and may be produced and read in evidence in cr8* all cafes of appeals, fuits, adions, or other proceedings, touching any thing which (hall be done in purfuance of this ad.

X^V. And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for Owners of the owners or proprietors of, or perfbns interefted in, any com-mons or wafte lands through which any new cut or drain (hall drains be made by virtue of this ad, to make any drain or drains in or to communi-through the fame, for the drainage thereof, to communicate cate with the with (uch new cut or drain, and for that purpofe to build and ncw drams* ered fuch doughs, tunnels, and (luices in the bank of fuch new drain as they (hall think proper, but fo as not to impede or ob-ftrud the drainage hereby intended, or to prejudice or damage the banks of any fuch new cut or drajn, or any other of the works hereby direded to be made.

XV.	And be it further enaded. That it (hall be lawful for Proprietors of the owners or proprietors of, or perfons interefted in, any lands j*ntJ9

in dltborpe or Keadby, lying adjacent to the faid north and fouth m°yPmake* rivers, and of any lands on the north or fouth fides of the Keadby drains drain, at any time or times hereafter to make any drain or drains through the into or through the banks of the faid rivers, or either of them, b.anks of the or of the Keadby drairf, and alfo to build, ered, or place, in or othVrworks upon fuch banks, or either of them, or upon any ground near for draining or adjoining thereto, fuch doughs, (luices, tunnels, or other their lands, engines for draining, as they (hall think proper, but fo as not to impede or obftrud the drainage hereby intended, or to prejudice or damage the banks of the faid rivers, or either of them, or of the faid Keadby drain.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That no owner or occupier Noprrfons to of any lands and grounds, or any other perfon or perfons, (hall the bar>*9

Digitized by

Google

278 Anno vicefimo feptimo GeoRGII III. c. 54, 55. [1787.

obftrud the ufe either of the banks which fhall be made on the fides of any drainage. Gf the faid new cuts or drains, as a road or way, or otherwise prejudice or damage the fame, or make any dams, or caufe any obftrudions within any of the faid new cuts or drains, or io any other manner hinder, obftrud, or impede the free courfe and paflage of the water along the fame.

Lands in Ga- XVII. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That it dmtacks may fliall be lawful for the refpe&ive owners or proprietors of the throush^he ^an^s anc* grounds lying in a place called The Gadintach, within tunnel, at the faid level, to drain fuch lands and grounds, either through tunnel pit, or by means of a tunnel of the fame dimenfions as the prefent or the new tunnel, to be laid under the faid new cut or drain, or to drain into cut>	the faid new cut or drain to be made to the faid drain, called

The New Idle, as aforefaid, as to them (hall feem proper. Limitation of XVIII. And be it further enadted. That if any a&ion, fuit| a&ions. or information fhall be brought againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance or execution of the powers by this act given, every fuch adtion, fuit, or information, fhall be commenced within three calendar months next after the fad committed, and not afterwards, and the perfon or perfons fo General iflue. fue<| or profecuted fhall or may plead the general iflue, and give this adt, and the fpecial matter, in evidence, without fpecially pleading the fame, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by virtue of this ad, and if in replevin may juftify and avow by virtue of this ad, as perfons ading by authority of commiffioners of fewers are enabled to do.

publick ad. XIX. And be it further enaded. That this ad fhall be deemed and taken to be a publick ad; and fhall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other perfons, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. LIV.

An ad to render effedual the purchafe of a houfe, fituate in the pariflt of Saint Luke Cheifea, in the county of Middlesex, to be ufed a*aa additional workhoufe for the parifti of Saint George Hanover Square, within the liberty of the city of Weftminfter; and for other purpofes.

Purchafe of a houfe, &c. in the parifti of St. Luke Cheifea, confirmed. Perfons who have applied the poors rates towards the faid purchafe, are indemnified. Said houfe, 8cc. to be deemed part of Saint George’s parifti. Compenfation to be made to the parifti of St. Luke, &c. yearly; to the parifti 61. ijs. 4d. and to the redor 3I. 3s. When the faid houfe fhall ceafe to be ufed as a workhoufe for St. George’s, the annual payments to ceafe. Inhabitants of St. Luke’s parifti indemnified from ail cofts, &c. Publick ad.

CAP. LV.

An ad for altering and extending the line of the cut or canal authorized to be made and maintained by fo much of feveral ads made in the eighth, eleventh, thirteenth, and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his prefent Maiefty, as authorizes the making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the frith or river of Forth, at or near the mouth of the river of Carron, in the countv of Stirling, to the frith or river of Clyde, at or near a place called Dalmuir flurnfoot, in the

county

Digitized by Google

m

17S7.] Anno vicefimo leptimo Georgia III. c. 56—60.

county of Dumbarton; and alfo a collateral cut from the fame to the city of Glafgow; for deepening the faid cut or canal; and for explaining and amending fo much of the faid afts as relates to the making and maintaining the faid cut or canal.

See 8 Geo. 3. c. 63. xi Geo. 3. c. 6a. 13 Geo. 3. c. 104. and 14 Geo. 3. c. 59.

CAP. LVI.

An a ft for enabling the magi ft rates and town council of Paifley to improve the navigation of the river Cart, and to make a navigable cut or canal acrofs the turnpike road leading from Glafgow to Greenock.

CAP. LVII.

An aft for continuing and amending feveral afta, made in the third year of the reign of King George the Firft, the tenth year of the reign of King George the Second, and the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixth part of a penny ftcrling, on every pint of ale or beer that {ball be vended or fold within the town of Dumfries, and privileges thereof, for paying the debts of the faid town, and for building a church and making a harbour there; and for laying a duty on the tonnage of {hipping, and a duty on goods imported and exported into and out of the port of the faid town, for the better repairing of the faid harbour; and for paving, cleanfing, lighting, and watching the ft recti, and other pubhek places, within the faid town, and widening the ftreets where necefiary,and removing and preventing nuifances therein.

See 9 Geo. 1. c. 6. zo Geo. a. c. 7. and a Geo. 3. c. S5•

/

CAP. LVIII.

An aft for vetting the feite, buildings, and other the premifes belonging to the old gaol or prifon of the county of Suffex, in truftees, for the purpofe of conveying the fame to the right honourable Frances vif-cosntefs Irwin, and her heirs; and to declare the new gaol or prifon* lately built, to be the common gaol for the faid county.

On payment of 6aol. by lady Irwin.

CAP LIX.

An aft for making and declaring the gaol for the county of Devon, called the High Gaol, a publick and common eaol ; and for difeharg-ing Denys Rolle and John Rolle, cfquires, and their refpeftive heirs and affign3 from the office of keeper of the faid gaol; and for improving and enlarging the fame, or building a new one; and alfo for taking down the chapel in the cattle of Exeter; and for other purpo- _ let therein mentioned.

Denys and John Rolle and the manor of Bifton difeharged on payment

of i,oool.

CAP. LX.

An aft for building a new gaol, and providing a proper prifon for debtors, and houfe of correction for the feveral boroughs, towns

, corporate, liberties, franchises, and all other places, within the county of Stafford; and for regulating the fame rel'peftively.

T 4	CAP-

a8o

Anno vicefimo feptimo Georgii III. c.6i. [1787. CAP. LXI.

An afl for taking down the guild ball or town ball in the borough of Grantham, in the county 0/* Lincoln, and rebuilding the fame.

Preamble. W/ PEREAS the Joke of Grantham, in the county of Lin-V V coin, is an extenftve liberty, including the Jeveral towns and . parijbes herein-after mentioned, in a dijbift of Jeveral miles, (that is to fay), Grantham, Great Gonerby, Great Ponton, Eafton, South Stoke, Colfterworth cum Woolfthorpe, Harlaxton, Denton, Belton, Barkfton, Manthorpe, Londonthorpe, Braceby, end Sapperton: and whereas there is a guild hall or town hall within the faid borough, in which the jufices of the peace for the faid borough and foke have immemorially held feffions of the peace for the faid borough and foke when need required, and in the faid building is a fejjion or court houfe for that purpofe, and likewife rooms adjoining for the ufe of the faid juftices, and the juries, and certain apartments for the refedence of a gaoler, and alfo a gaol for the confinement of prifoners : and whereas the whole of the faid building is very ancient, and the room wherein the faid feffions are held, and the faid gaol in .particular, are in J'uch a flate of decay, and fo incapable of being repaired, that it is judged quite neceffary to rebuild the fame: and whereas the inhabitants of the faid foke of Grantham have been ufei immemorially to defray the expence of repairing the faid guild kali er town hall; but a fund fufficient for the expence of rebuilding the fame cannot be raifed without the ajjifiance of parliament: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, aod commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the au-Commiflion- thority of the fame. That all perfons who now are, or hereafter ere. 1 fhall be, juftices of the peace for the faid borough and foke of Grantham, (hall be, and they are hereby conftituted commif-fioners for taking down the guild hall or town hall, in the borough of Grantham, in the county of Lincoln, and rebuilding the fame, and for executing fuch of the powers of this adt as are herein-after entrufted to them the faid commifiioners. Comminion- II. And be it further enadled, That the faid com mi (Turners, *rs meetings, or any feven or more of them, (hall meet at the prefent town hall, in the borough aforefaid, on the Tuefday fortnight after the pafling of this adl, between the hours of ten in the forenoon and four in the afternoon of the fame day, and proceed to the execution of this adt 5 and the faid commiflToncrs, or any feven or mocsjqf them, may then, and from time to time afterwards, adJSum themfelves to meet, for putting this adl in execution, arrhe faid tovyn hall, until the fame dial! be taken down, or at fucl> other place within the faid borough as the faid commif-fioners, or any feven or more of them, (hall think proper, and *	after	the	faid	town	hall	(hall be rebuilt and fit for ufe, do and

(hall adjourn to, and from time to time hold their future meet- I jng$ in the new town hall to be eredted in the room of the prefent

Digitized by UoogLe

1787.] Anno vicefimo feptimo Georgii III. c.6r.

fcnt town hall; and if at any of the faid meetings the commiffioners prefent (ball omit or neglect to adjourn fuch meeting to another day, or if there (hall not appear a fufficient number of ccmmillioners to adjourn, then, and in every fuch cafe, every fuch meeting or intended meeting (lull be and is hereby adjourned to the day three weeks next after the day on which fuch meeting was held, or fuch in.ended meeting was appointed to be held, and fo from three weeks to three weeks till a fufficient number of the faid commiffioners do or (hall meet and adjourn, and fix days publick notice of every fuch adjournment (hall be given by the clerk to the faid commiffioners as herein after mentioned ; and at any meeting of the faid commiffioners, no bufinefs (hall be begun or proceeded upon before the hour of Ten in the forenoon, nor (hall any adjournment be made to any later hour than four in the afternoon; and the commiffioners To pay their at all their meetings (hall defray their own expences.	ownexpcncct.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the faid commiffioners, At yearly or any feven or more of them, (hall and they are hereby re- meetings to quired to meet at the place or places aforefaid, on the Monday

in Eafter week yearly, which (hall be called a General Meeting 0/ the faid Commi/JionerSy and at all fuch general meetings the accounts of all monies received and paid from time to time, by virtue and in execution of this ad, by any perlbn or perfons whomfoever, (hall be produced, dated, examined, fettled, and verified on the oath or oaths of tl\e perfon or perfons accounting for the fame, if fuch oath or oaths (hall be required by the majority of the commiffioners at fuch meeting prefent; which oath the faid commiffioners, or any feven or more of them, are hereby authorized and impowered to adminifter.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That in all cafes where notice How notice is by this ad direded to be given of any meeting of the faid of meeting* commiffioners, or of any thing to be done by the faid commif- (hall be give*, fioners, or any of them, in execution of any of the powers hereby

granted, fuch notice (hall be in writing, and figned by the clerk to the faid commiffioners, or by any one or more of the faid Commiffioners, and fixed upon the crofs in the market place of, or other publick and confpicuous place in, Grantham aforefaid, on fome market day at lead ten days before fuch intended meeting, except in fuch cafes wherein a different time is hereby direded for fuch notice to be given, and then for the time fo direded; and that in every fuch notice the time of meeting of the faid commiffioners, and the particular bufinefs or thing intended to be tranfadfed or done thereat, (hall be mentioned or fet forth.

V.	And be it further enaded, That at every meeting of the A chairman commiffioders inpurfuance of this ad, the commiffioners then to.be prefent, or a majority of them, (hall name and appoint, or

‘ otherwise eled by ballot, a chairman or prefident of fuch meet- jng. ing, and all queftions propofed or agitated at every fuch meeting (hall be determined by a majority of the commiffioners then prefent; and in cafe of an equal number of voices or votes °f ^hv”thc°

carting vote.

Digitized by boogie

£82

All proceedings to be at meetings purfuant to this aft;

method of altering them,

For anpoint-ing officers.

Officers to account.

Anno vicefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 6r. [1787.

the commiflioners fo aflembled upon any fuch queftion, including the voice or vote of the faid chairman or prefident, then the chairman or prefident (hall have the calling and decifive voice or vote.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That all ads, orders, relblu-tions, determinations, and proceedings, of the faid cotnmif-fioners, or any feven or more of them, in execution of any of the powers hereby granted, (hall be made and figned, by the commilTioners making the fame, at their meetings to be held in purfuance of this ad, and not otherwife; and that no act, order,

.refolution, determination, or proceeding of the faid commif-fioners, fo made and (igned as aforefaid, (hall afterwards be altered, revoked, repealed, or fet afide by any fubfequent ad, refolution, proceeding, or order of the commiflioners, unlefs the number of commilTioners deliring or voting for fuch alteration, revocation, or repeal, (hall be greater than the number of commiflioners who concurred in making fuch ad, order, refolution, determination, or proceeding.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, may and are hereby authorized and impowered from time to time to appoint (it and proper perfons to be colledors and receivers of the rates and afTeflments by this ad authorized to becolleded as herein-after mentioned, and alfo a proper perfon or perfons to be clerk or clerks, trea-furer or treafurers, and fuch other officer or officers, and perfons, as the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, (hall think proper for carrying this ad into execution; and (hall and are hereby required to take fuch fecurity as they (hall think proper from every fuch treafurer, for the due execution of his office; and fuch colledors and receivers, clerks, treafurers, and other officers and perfons, or any of them, from time to time to remove or difplace, and to appoint others in the rooms and places of fuch of them as (hall be fo removed or difplaced, or who (hall die, fix days publick notice of the time and place of meeting for every fuch appointment br removal being given, as herein-before mentioned; and the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, may, and are hereby authorized and impowered, out of the monies which (hall arife by virtue of this ad, to allow and pay to fuch colledors or*receivers, clerks, treafurers, and other officers and perfons to be employed as aforefaid, fuch falaries, rewards, wages, and allowances, for their attendance, care, and fervice, as to the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, (hall feem reafonable.

VIII.	And be it further enaded. That all and every the colledors, receivers, clerks, treafurers, and other officers who (hall be appointed as aforefaid, and all and every other perfon and perfons who (hall have received any of the monies to be raifed, colleded, or received for the purpofes or by virtue of this ad, and his, her, and their refpedive executors and adminiftrators, (hall from time to time, and as often as he, (he, or they (hall be thereto ordered or required by the faid commiflioners, or any

_ fevea

Digitized by

Google

1787 ] Anno vicefimo feptimo GeoROII III. c. 61.

feven or more of them, render and give to the faid commiffion-erc, or any feven or more of them, full, true, and fair accounts in writing of all the monies which (hall have been by them re-fpeftively, or by their refpc&ive teftators or inteftaies, had, collected, or received, and how, to whom, and for what purpofe, fuch monies, and every part thereof, (hall have been paid, together with the proper receipts and vouchers for fuch payments $ and they (hall and are hereby refpe&ively required to pay all fuch monies as, upon the balance of fuch accounts, (hall appear to be in their refpe&ive hands, to fuch perfon or perfons, and at fuch times, as they the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, (hall diredt or appoint; and that all and every the faid officers and perfons fo accounting (hall, upon their feveral oaths, if fuch oaths (hall be required by a majority of the commiflioners affembled at their meeting to be held for that purpofe (which oaths the fahd commiflioners, or any one or more of them, are and is hereby authorized and required to adminifter) verify their faid accounts, and the particular items and articles thereof, and the feveral receipts and payments which (hall be therein contained ; and if any of the faid officers or perfons (hall refufe or negledt fo render or give fuch account or accounts as aforefaid, or to produce or deliver up to the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, the receipts and vouchers relating to the fame, or to verify the items or articles thereof upon oath, if fuch oath (hall be required as aforefaid, or (hall refufe or negledt to pay all fuch money as upon the balance of any account or accounts (hall appear to be in their refpective hands, to fuch perfon or perfons as the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, (hall diredt or appoint to receive the fame as aforefaid, then, and in any of the cafes aforefaid, the faid com-miflioners, or any feven or more of them, may and are hereby authorized and impowered to bring, or caufe to be brought, any a&ion or a&ions in the names of the faid commiflioners, or any feven or mofe of them, or in the name of the clerk to the faid commiflioners, againft the officer or officers, perfon or perfons refpeftively, who (hall fo negledt or refufe as aforefaid, or if complaint (hall be made by the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, of any fuch refufal or negledt as aforefaid, to anyjufticeof the peace for the faid borough, fuch juftice may and is hereby authorized and required to fummon the officer or officers, perfon or perfons, fo refuting or negledting, to appear before him, at a time and place in fuch (ummons to be mentioned, and upon his or their appearing, or not appearing (the fervice of fuch fummons being proved by the oath of one credible wit-nefs, which oath fuch juftice is hereby impowered to adminifter) to hear and determine the matter of fuch complaint in a futn-mary way, and to fettle the faid account or accounts, if produced, in fuch manner as the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, by virtue of this atft might have done; and if, upon the confeflion of the officer or officers, perfon or perfons againft whom fuch complaint or complaints (hall be made, or

Digitiz by CjOOQle

The guild hall or town hall to be taken down and rehuilt.

Anno vicefimo feptimo Gegrgii 111. c*6i. [1787.

by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witnefies (which oath or oaths fuch juftice is hereby impowered toadmi-nifter) it (hall appear to fuch juftice that any of the monies, which (hall have been collected or received by virtue of or for the purpofes of this a6t, (hall be in the hands of fuch officer or J officers, perfon or perfons, fuch juftice may, and is hereby authorized and required, upon nonpayment thereof, by warrant under his hand and feal, to caufe fuch money to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of fuch officer or officers, perfon or perfons refpe&ively, and if fufficicnt goods and chattels of fuch officer or officers, perfon or perfons, cannot be found to anfwer and fatisfy the faid money, and the charges of 1 levying and railing the fame, or if fuch officer or officers, per-1 fon or perfons (hall not appear before the faid juftice at the time and place by him appointed in'fuch fummons, or, if appearing, (hall refufe or negledl to deliver to the faid juftice fuch account or accounts of the receipts and payments as aforefaid, or to produce or deliver up to the faid juftice the feveral receipts and vouchers relating to fuch accounts refpe&ively, and to verify 1 the fame, and the items and articles thereof, upon oath as aforefaid, if required as aforefaid, then, and in any of the cafes aforefaid, the faid juftice may, and is hereby authorized and rquired, by warrant or warrants under his hand and feal, to caufe fuch officer or officers, perfon or perfons, to be committed to~the prifon for the faid borough and foke, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, until be or they ftiall have delivered and fettled his or their refpe&ive accounts, and verified the items and articles thereof upon oath, if required as aforefaid, and (hall have produced and delivered. up the receipts and vouchers relating to fuch accounts refpeltively, and (hall have paid all monies which (hall appear to be in his or their refpedtive hands, and the reafonable charges attending the recovery thereof, or (hall have compounded with the faid commiffioners, or any feven or more of them, for the fame; which faid compofitions and monies the faid commiffioners, or any feven or more of them, are hereby authorized and impowered to make and receive.

IX.	And be it further' enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall be lawful for the faid commiffioners, or any feven or more of them, to caufe to be taken down the prefent guild hall or town hall in the faid borough, and the buildings thereto belonging, and to eredfc and build, or caufe to be ere&ed and built, on the ground whereon the fame (land, or on Tome part or parts thereof, and the ground thereto adjoining and belonging, or on fome part or parts thereof, a new guild hall or town hall, with a feffion or court houfe, and rooms and apartments for the ufe of the faid juftices, and the juries attending the fef-fions from time to time to be held for the faid borough and foke, and for the refidence of a gaoler, and for the tranfa&ing the bufinefs of the faid juftices, and alfo a gaol for the confinement of prifoners and debtors, in fuch manner as the faid com-

miffioners,

Digitized by v^ooQle

miffioners, or any feven or more of them, (hall adjudge requifite for rendering the faid gaol more fecure and commodious, and bed calculated to anfwer the rcfpellive purpofes of this all.

X.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing No proceed-in this all contained (hall extend to authorize the faid commif- ingstobe had ficners to begin to build fuch new guild hall or town hall, fef- ^|^te pro-lion or court houfe, rooms or apartments, or gaol, or fit up or ^uccd. P provide the fame with neceflary accommodations, until a proper

plan for fuch new guild hall, or town hall, feflion or court houfe, rooms or apartments, and gaol, and an exalt eftimatc of the expence of taking down, new building, and fitting up, and providing the fame with neceflary accommodations, (hall have been firlt formed, nor unlefs fuch plan and eftimate (hall have been agreed to by a majority of the faid commiflioners, at fome general meeting or meetings to be particularly called for that purpofe, of which meeting and meetings, and of the fubjeli matter thereof, eight days notice at the lead (hall be given, in manner herein-before di relied, nor until an agreement or agreements (hall have been entered into by one or more able and experienced workman or workmen, with two fufficient fecurities on his cr their behalf, for the due execution of the faid plan, at the price or fum of money mentioned in fuch eftimate as aforefaid, under the infpe&ion of a furveyor or furveyors to be appointed by the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, aflembled at fuch meeting or meetings for that purpofe.

XI.	And be it further enadted and declared by the authority impowering aforefaid. That it (hall be lawful for the (aid commiflioners, or the commit' any feven or more of them, to make fuch contrail or contrails, fionerstocon-and in fuch manner as they (hall think proper, with any perfon cu^e°th<fC-or perfons whomfoever, for and towards the taking down and WOrk. rebuilding the faid guild hall or town hall, and all other works

and bufinefs to be done in executing the purpofes of this all, vrhich contrail or contrails (hall be figned by the clerk of the faid commiflioners, or his deputy, by the order of any feven or more of them, and alfo by the perfon or perfons fo refpellively contrafling, and (hall be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe by the clerk of the faid commiflioners, or his deputy; but previous to the making any fuch contrail or contrails ten days notice at the lead (hall be given in manner hercin-before direllcd, exprefling the nature of fuch contrails, in order that any perfon or perfons may have an opportunity of fending proposals under feal to the faid commiflioners clerk, or his deputy, or of making fuch propofals, at a certain time and place in fuch notice to be mentioned ; and the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, fo aflembled as aforefaid, (half take fuch fecurity for the performance of any contrail or contrails for the purpofes aforefaid, as to the faid commiflioners (hall feem neceflary ; and that it (hall be lawful for the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, and they are hereby direHed to caufe all and every the works to be done in purfuance of this a St to be infpelled by a furveyor, or fuch other fkiiful perfon or

*.	perfons

Digitized by

Google

?86

That actions fhall not abate on the death of the clerk,

Impowering the commii-iioners to ap* point committees.

For punilhing perfons ob-ftruaing the work.

Ahno vicefimo feptimo GeoRGH III. c. 61. [1787;

perfons as they fhall from time to time appoint, and in cafe the fame (hall not be well and fufficiently performed, according to the true intent and meaning of fuch contrad or contrafts » lhall be entered into in that behalf, or (hall not be finiffiedor completed at or within the time or time9 that the fame is or are agreed to be completed, fuch furveyor or other perfon or perfons (hall report the fame to the faid commiffioners, or any feven or more of them, at the next or any fubfequent meeting* who (hall and may, in the name of their clerk, or his deputy for the time being, bring an adion of debt or upon the cafe, in any of his Majcfty's courts of law at Wejlminjler, again# any perfon or perfons fo contrading, and negleding 16 perform tlie fame in the manner or in the time fet forth in any fuch con-trad, for any penalty or penalties which (hall be contained in any fuch contrad or fecurity, or for any breach of covenants or agreements therein refpedively to be contained, and on proving the figning the fame, and nonperformance thereof, the faid clerk or his deputy (hall be entitled to, and (hall recover fuch penalty or penalties, and which, when recovered, (hall be applied for the purpofes of this ad, and all the neceflary cofts and charges to be incurred in or about the carrying on fuch refpedive affions and proceedings, or any of them, (hall be paid out of the monies aflefled, railed, and levied for the purpofes of this ad.

XII.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That no adiefnor proceedings (hall abate or be difeontinued upon the death or removal of fuch clerk, or his deputy, but be carried on in the name of his fucceflbr, or his deputy.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That the faid commiffioners, or any feven or mtTre of them, may, if they think fit, nominate and appoint one or more committee or committees, and every fuch committee fo appointed (hall fuperintend, regulate, and controul fpeh artificers, officers, and workmen, as lhall be employed by the faid commiffioners, and (hall fee to the due per- . formance of fuch contrads and agreements as may be entered into for the purpofe of carrying this ad into execution, and all orders and inftrudions figned by the majority of any fuch committee, provided they do not exceed the limits of the orders of the commiffioners at large, (hall be binding on fuch artificers, officers, and workmen.

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That if any perfon or perfons fhall wilfully and malicioufly obftrud the ereding, building, or repairing the (aid guild hall or town hall, gaol, or other buildings hereby direded to be built, or wilfully or malicioufiy pull down, damage, or deftroy the fame, or any part thereof, every perfon fo offending, and being lawfully convided, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall'be fubjed and liable to the like pains and penalties as in cafes of felony, and the court by and before whom any fuch perfon (hall be tried and conviffed (hall have power and authority to caufe fuch perfon to be punched in like maimer as felons are direded to be punifhed by the laws and ftatutes of this realm; and the faid commiffioners,

or

Digitized by

Google

1787.] Anno vicefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 6t.	287

or any fcvcn or more of them, are hereby impowercd to prefer, or caufe to be preferred, any bill or bills of indidment againft any perfon or perfons whatsoever whom they (hall have caufe to profccute.

XV.	And be it further enaded, That all timber, flone, Materials not bricks, dates, or tiles, and other materials, to be made ufe of, of^ontraS^ or which (hall be collected to be made ufe of, by the order of 0rs to be veft-the faidcommiflioners, or any feven or more of them, for build- ed inthecom-ing and completing the faid guild hall or town hall, or other nuifioners. building or work carrying on for the purpofes of this ad, and

which may not be the immediate property of any agent or agents of the faid commiflioners, or perfons contrading with them, (hall be vefted in the faid commiflioners, and they, or any feven or more of them, are hereby authorized and im-powered to bring, or caufe to be brought, any adion or adions, in the name of their clerk, or his deputy, or to prefer, or caufe to be preferred, any bill or bills of indidment againft any perfon or perfons who (hall fteal, take, or damage, any fuch materials, or difturb them in the pofleffion thereof.

XVI.	And, for the purpofe of taking down the faid guild hall or town holly and for the fretting, completing, and fimjhing a new guild hull or tnvn ball, feffion or court houfe, and other buildings as afore faid,

be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall be For railing lawful for the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, money by a and they are hereby required, once in every year, to aflefs, by a rate* fcparate rate or afleflment, fuch fum and fums of money as (hall not exceed in the. whole, in any one year, the fum of three-pence in the pound upon the feveral owners, tenants, or occupiers of all houfes, buildings, and lands within the faid borough and foke, which rate or afleflment (hall be laid and colleded upon and from the feveral and refpedive towns and hamlets within the faid foke, in fuch and the fame manner and proportion as the rates or affeflments for the purpofe of pafling vagrants, and repairing the faid guild hall and town hall, commonly called The Vagrant AJfeJfment, now are, and for feveral years laft paft have been laid upon and colleded from each fuch town and hamlet, and in no higher proportion 5 and the firft year for which fuch rate and afleflment (hall be made (hall commence at and be computed from the firft meeting for putting this ad in exteu-tion, or from fuch time after pafling the fame, as the faid com-tniffioners, or any feven or more of them, (hall at fuch or any fubfequent meeting order, dired, or appoint; and the monies to be fo rated and afleffed (hall from time to time be paid to the Tefpedive colledors or receivers to be appointed as aforefaid, or to the officer or officers employed, from time to time, in collecting the vagrant afleflment within each town and hamlet within the faid foke, as the commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, fhall think proper, and be by fuch colledors or receivers, officer or officers refpedively, paid over into the hands of fuch perfon or perfons, and at fuch time, as the faid commif-a	fioners.

Digitized by LnOOQle

288	Anno	vicefimo feptimo GeoRGII III. c* 61. f 1787.

fioners, or any fcven or more of them, (hall order, dire#, orj appoint.

XVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid*,* Manner of That in cafe any perfon or perfons fo rated, charged, or iffefid| recovery. as af0refaid, (hall refufe or negledt to pay any fuch rate* or

afleffments for the fpace of ten days after pcrfonal demand made, or demand in writing, under the hand or hands of the faid col-, ledtor or collectors, officer or officers, left at the dwclling-houfc or laft place of abode of fuch peifon or perfons fo refufmg or, neglecting to pay as aforefaid, then, upon due proof on oath,( before one or more juftice or jufliccs of the peace for the faid. borough and foke (which oath he or they is or are hereby inn? powered to adminifter) of any fuch demand and nonpayment* fuch juftice or juftices (hall, and is and are hereby author raid; aud required, by warrant under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feats, to authorize and diredt the faid collector on cplledtors, officer or officers retyedtively, to levy fuch rates or monies as foon as may be, by diftrefs and fate of the goods andf chattels of every fuch perfon and perfons fo refufing or neglcd-j ing to pay as aforefaid, where fuch goods and chattels can be found, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner or owners '	of fuch goods and chattels on demand, after dedudting the colts

and charges, to be afeertained by fuch juftice or juftices, an tending fuch diftrefs and fale.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enadted by the Prrfons ag- authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall think ?Sribya - himfelf> herfeJf, or themfelves aggrieved by any rate or

aP" went which (hall be made or laid in purfuance of this adt, fuck ,	perfon or perfons may appeal to the faid commiftioners aflcm<

bled at any meeting to be held in purfuance of this adt, withic twenty days next after demand made of fuch rate or affeffment but if no meeting (hall be held within fuch time, then at thei firft meeting which (hall be held in purfuance of this adt, afte the expiration of the faid twenty days \ and the laid commif fioners, or any feven or more of them, at fuch meeting aflem bled, are hereby authorized and impowered, if they (hall thin fuch perfon or perfons aggrieved, to give fuch relief in the pre mifes as to them (hall feem reafonable* and the determinatkx therein of the faid commiftioners, or the major part of them, a fuch meeting, (hall be final, binding, and conclufive.

XIX.	Andy for the more fptedily raifing a fund for the purpofi Rates may be of this at7, be it further enadted, That it (hall be lawful forth mortgaged, fjjj commiflJoncrs, or any feven or more of them, at their firi

or any fubfequent meeting to be held inp urfuance of this ad, t borrow and take up, on the credit of the rates and ai&i ments to be laid by virtue of this adt upon the owners or occu piers of houfes and lands within the faid borough and foke, i fpecifick or feparate fums, not lefs than fifty pounds, or mor than one hundred pounds each, at legal or lower intereft, a they the faid commiftioners, or any feven or more of them

Ilia

Digitized by booQle

289

1787.] Anho vkefimo feptimo Georgii III.	c.	61.

fhafl think fit, fo as the irioney to be t'aifed for the purpofes of taking down the prefent guild hall or town halt, and erecting, completing, and fioifhing a new guild hall or town hall, feflion or Court houfe, and other buildings as aforefaid, and all other expences of the faid commiffioncrs in putting tins adt in execution, do not exceed in the whole the fum of one thoufand pounds; and for fecuring all and every fuch fum and fums of money fo borrowed, the faid commiuioners, or any feveiv or more of them, may, and are hereby impowered from time to time, by any writing or writings under their hands and feals, to mortgage, demife, grant, or aflign the faid rates and aflefT-tnents, or any part or parts thereof, (the charges of fuch mortgages, demifes, grants, or afligmnents, to be paid for thereout), to any perfon or perfons, as a fecurity or fecurities for tne money which (hall be fo borrowed, and the intereft thereof; and copies of all fuch mortgages, demifes, or alignments, (hall be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe by the clerk to the faid commiflioners; but no money (hall be borrowed by virtue of this adt, after the faid firft meeting of the faid com-miflioners, unlefs fourteen days publick notice of the meeting /or the borrowing of fuch money (hall be given, as herein-before diredlcd.

XX. And be it further enadted, That all perfons to whom Mortgagees fuch mortgages, demifes, grants, or aflignments fhall be made,t0 becredi-fhall be, in proportion to the fum or fums therein refpeftively j°r8*nc<jual mentioned^ creditors on the faid rates and a(Te(Tments fo to be c# mortgaged as aforefaid, in equal degree one with another, and (hall not have any preference with refpedt to the priority of advancing any (bch monies, or the dates of their refpe&ive mort-

^^£XI. And be it further enadted, That the form of every af-figriment to be made by virtue of this adt, as a fecurity foj any 4 fum or fums of motley to be borrowed on the credit thereof, fhall be in the words following, or in any other words to that purpofe; '(that is to fay).

By virtue of an aft paffedin the twenty feventh year of the reign Form of af-of his majejly King George the Thirds for taking down the fignment. guild hall or. towh hall in the borough of Grantham, in the county of Lincoln, and rebuilding the fame, we\ /even of the cmmijfioners appointed by and in purfuance of the faid afly in confi-deration of the fum of	advanced	and	lent by

A. B. upon the credit and for the purpofes of the faid do grants bargain, felly and demife unto the faid A. 8. bis executors, admini-flratorsy and afftgnSy fuch proportion of the rates and monies arifing bj virtue of the faid aft as the faid fum of	doth

trjfal! bear to the whole fum which may at any time be borrowed or become dm and owing9 or charged upon the credit of the faid afi, to be bad and holden from tbit	day of	in

the jear of our Lord	until	the faid

[am of	with inter eji for the fame, after

Vol. XXXVI.	U	the

Digitized by VjOOQIC

Anno vicefimo feptimo GeoRGII III. c. 6r. [1787.

the rate of	per centum per annum, Jhall be repoid

and fan fed.

\

And all and every perfon or perfons to whom any fuch aflign-ment or aflignments (hall be made, by thefaid commiflioners, or any (even or more of them, (hall be equally entitled tohii or their proportion of the faid rates and monies, according to their refpedtive fums in fuch aflignments mentioned to be advanced, to fecure the repayment thereof, with fuch intereft as therein fpecified, without any preference by reafon of priority of aflignment, or any other matter whatfoever; and entries or memorandums of every fuch aflignment, containing the dates, names of the parties, and fums borrowed, (hall be made in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe by the clerk to the faid commiflioners, and which (hall and may be infpe&cd at all feafonable times by all perfons whomfoever, without fee or reward ; and all and every perfon or perfons to whom any fuch aflignment or aflignments (hall be made as aforefaid, or who (hall be entitled to the money thereby fccured, may from time to time transfer or aflign over his, her, or their right, title, and intereft to the principal and intereft money thereby fecured, to any perfon or perfons whomfoever, by indorfement on the back of fuch fecurity, or other writing to be annexed thereto, figned * before two or more credible witnefles, in the words fallowing, or to the like effed:	’

Formoftranr- T Do transfer this [or the annexed] alignment, with all my rifo fcr#	X and title to the principal money hereby [or thereby ] fecund, ani

all the intereft now due and to become due for the fame, to C. D. his executors, adminiftrators, and ajfxgns. Dated this	day	if

JVitnefs E. F.	A.	B.

• G. H.

Which faid transfer or aflignment (hall be produced and notified to the clerk to the faid commiflioners for the time being, who (hall regifter and enter the fame in the faid book or books | to be kept for entering the faid original aflignment, fordoing whereof he (hall be paid two (hillings and (ixpence, by the pet-fon requefting the fame; and after fuch entt7 thereof made, and not till then, every fuch transfer (hall entitle fuch affignee, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, to the benefit thereof and payment thereon, and fuch aflignees may in like manner transfer and aflign again, and fo toties queries,, fuch transfer being entered and paid for as aforefaid; and it (hall not be in the power of fuch perfon or perfons, who (hall have made fuch aflignment or transfer, to make void, releafe, or difeharge the fame, or any money due thereon.

Time to be XXII. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That the limited r~>r faid commiflioners (hall, and they are hereby required to make paying oit the provifion> by means of the rates which they are hereby authorized

to

290

Securities may be tranf-ferred.

Digitized by LjOOQle

Anno vicefimo feptimo GeoRGII III. c. 6ti	29c

to make, and by their orders and directions, which they are wooer bor-hereby authorized to give, in fuch manner that the whole money rowc«* to be borrowed under the authority of this adt (hall be fully paid and difcharged within a time to be limited, not exceeding twenty-fix years from the time of borrowing the fame.

XXIII.	And be it further enadled. That it (hall be lawful Prifoners to for the faid juftices to remove fuch felons, debtors, and other

prifoners as may happen to be confined in the faid gaol or pri-	coJrca!0n

(on at the time of taking down the prefent guild hall or town in the mean hall, to the houfe of corre&ion belonging to the faid borough time, and foke, or fuch other place or places of confinement as the faid juftices (hall approve, and to confine them there during the time the new guild hall or town hall, and gaol, (hall be building and made fit for ufe, and alfo during fuch time to commit to and confine in the faid houfe of corrcAion, or other place or places of confinement as the faid juftices can procure, fuch per-fonor perfons as (hall be charged with felonies or mifdemeanors committed within the faid borough or foke, and alfo during fuch time to bold their fefiions, and other courts or meetings Seflions and for the tranfafting of bufinefs relating to the faid borough and courts may foke, at fuch place or places, within the faid borough, as the (aid juftices can procure; and that when fuch gaol (hall be place, made fit for the reception and fafe keeping of fuch felons, debtors, and other prifoners, it (hall be lawful fijr the faid juftices to remove thither all fuch felons, debtors, and other prifoners as (hall then be in their cuftody, and fuch removal and removals as aforefaid (hall not be deemed or taken to be an elcape; provided that nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to difcharge the faid juftices, or their gaoler, from being anfwerable for the actual efcape of any* pri-foner in their cuftody; and alfo when the new guild hall or town hall, feflions or court houfe, and other rooms, (hall be ercfted as aforefaid, and made fit for ufe, it (hall be lawful for the faid juftices to hold and enjoy the fame, and keep the fef-fioos of the peace for the faid borough and foke, and courts and meetings for the tranfaAing of bufinefs relating to the faid borough and foke, and for fuch other purpofes as they (hall think proper, in the fame manner as they have held and enjoyed, and now hold and enjoy, the prefent guild hall or town hall of the faid borough.

XXIV.	And be it further enadted, That all a<5ls and proceed- Corporation ings, minifterial, judicial, or corporate, which (hall be done in bufinefs done fuch place or places as the faid juftices (hall think proper to ap- or tranfa&ed point for the holding of their feflions of the, peace, or other

courts or meetings for the tranfa&ing of bufinefs relating to the new gujij faid borough and foke, during the time the new guild hall or hall is build-town hall (hall be building, and until the fame (hall be made fit ine, deemed for ufe, (hall be, to all intents and purpofes, coniidered as legal va and valid as if the fame had been done within the prefent guild ball or town hall in the faid borough.

XXV.	And be it further enaAed, That no aflion at law (hall Limitation

U 2	be	°f aa,oni«

Digitized by

Google

*9\

General iflue.

Double cofts.

Saving the rights of all perfons interred in the prefent town hall and buildings.

PuWick aft.

Anno vicefimo feptitpo Georgii III. c. 62. [1787.

be brought or commenced againft any perfon or perfons, for any thing done or to be done by virtue df this aft, until after twenty-one days notice thereof fhall have been given to or left at the ufual place of abode of the pdrfon or perfons againft whpm fuch aftion is Intended to be brought, thereby fetting forth the particular caufe of fuch aftion; or after tender of fufficient amends hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved; oc after three calendar months next after the faft or caufe of aftion (hall have arifen; and every fuch aftion (hall be brought and laid in the county of Lincoln, and not elfewhere, and the defendant or defendants in fuch aftion (hall and may plead the general, iflue, and give this a& and the fpecial matter In evidepce at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done by virtue and under the authority of this aft: and if on tfye trial, of fuch aftion it (hall appear to be fo done, or that fuch aftion (hall be brought before the expiration of fuch twenty-one days next after fuch notice (hall have been given or left as aforefid, or after fufficient tender of amends (hall have been made to the party or parties aggrieved, or after the end of three calendar months next after the faft or caufe of fuch aftion (hall bnr arifen, or if fuch aftion (hall be brought br laid in any otbfc county than as aforefaid, then, and in every of the faid calf** the jury, on the trial of fpcli aftion or aftions, (hall find aver* dift for the defendant or defendants therein; and in all ca^ where a verdift (hall be found for any defendant or defendants, in fuch aftion, or the plaintiff* or plaintiff's therein fh^HdifcoSk tinue the fame, after the defendant or defendants (hall have an* peared thereto, or (hall be rionfuited, or if upon demuntf judgement (hall be given againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, and ih every fuch cafe the defendant or defendant^ in fuchie; tion (hall have double cofts, and (hall have the like remedy fir recovering the fame as defendants have for recovering of their tofts in any other cafe by law.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That vth thing in this aft contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prejudice or affeft the rights of any perfon or peribos, bodies politick or corporate to the faid building, or apartmeob' thereunto adjoining, but that the faid rights (hall continue in as full and ample a manner as if this aft had not been ma^e; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary in anywife notwjth-ftanding.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted, That this aft (hall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a publick aft* and (hall be. judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whomsoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

C A P. LXII.

An aft for taking down and rebuilding the chapel of Hanley, in the

county of Stafford; for veiling the nght Of nomination in truftces,

and for enlarging the chapel yard; and other purpofes.'

Digitized by Google •*

C A P.

i7?7-j Anno viceflmo (eptimo Georgii III. c. 63—65.	293

CAP. LXIII.

An aft far rebuilding the church of the parilh of Saint Mary Wanftede alias Wanflead, in the county of Eflex.

CAP. LXIV.

An aft for building a ne«r chapel upon Portfmouth Cotnraon, in the parilh of Portfea, in the county of Southampton.

CAP. LXV.

in aft for confirming a charter or letters patent granted by his Ada-jtfy to the royal college and corporation of furgeons of the city of Edinburgh, fo far as relates to a fcheme for raifing a fund for it provifion for the widows and children of the members of the /bid corporation± and of their clerk, with certain alterations; and for efiabljjbing the faid fcheme, and impowering the corporation, and the traftees and officers elehed for managing the fund, effectually to carry the faid febetne into execution.

WHEREAS the members of the college and corporation ^Preamble.

furgeons of the city of Edinburgh having formed a fcheme for rtjifing a fund for a provifion to the widows and children of the members thereof and of their clerk, which was unanimoufly approved d in a general meeting of the faid corporation held upon the eleventh oj^fjufy in the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven,

Hi obtain from bis Mdjefiy bis royal charter or letters patent, under tpe feed appointed by the treaty of uttion to be kept and ufed in Scotland) in place of the great feal formerly ufed thert, bearing date the fourteenth of March, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and fevkty-eight,. whereby bis Majefy did of new incorporate the then Recital of hia members of the faid college and incorporation, and the perfons who Majefty’s let-jbould thereafter be legally admitted members thereof, into one body ter8 P^ent fMtk and (orporate, or Ugol intorporation	^	^ration	of

title and name of The Royal College of Surgeons of the City of furgeons in Edinburgh, with the ufual privileges; and for effecting the faid Edinburgh, charitable fcheme of raiftng a fund for a provifion for the widows dated March onichildren of the members of the faid corporation and their clerk, I4*17784 Hi erdaht. That the perfons who were members of the faid corporation and college at the feafi or term of Lammas one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, and whofe dcceffion and defire to become contributors to the fcheme for raifing the faid fund, was declared by writing under their bands before the term of Candlemas in the year one thoufand feven hundred and fevenly-eight, fhould make payment. to a colleger, to be named in manner after-mentioned, of the fum cf foe pounds fierling each, with legal interefi from the faid term of Lammas one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven; and fhould oUotnale payment, as at the faid term of Candlemas one thoufand [even hundred and feventy-eight, and at each fucceedtng term of Candlemas during their refpefiive lives, of the like fum of five founds fierling, with a fifth part more of penalty in cafe of failure, end the legal inter eft of the faid refpeftive fums from the aforejaid tfrrns of payment during the not-payment: and that the perfons who

^ 3	Digitized	by	G00gle	***'*	'

294

Anno vicefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 65. £ 1787.

were members of the faid corporation at the faid term of Lammas one thoufand feven hundred and f rjenty-f even* and whofe accejjton to the fcheme was not declared by writing under their hands before the faid term of Candlemas one thoufand J'even hundred and fiventy-c\gbt, Jhould be excluded the benefit thereof for ever: as alfo, That all per-fons who had been admitted members of the faid corporation fince the faid term of Lammas one^houfand fiven hundred and feventy-fevm, or who Jhould be admitted after the date of the faid charted JMU, in confequence of their admiffion, be held to accede to the fcheme, and Jhould make payment of the fum of five pounds fierling at the firfi term of Candlemas after their rejpeflive admiffions, and the Rkq fum at each fucceeding term of Candlemas during their refpt&ive lives, with penalty and inter eft as aforefaid: and, in order mare effectually to fecure payment of the refpthive fums or rates due by the Contributors, they Jhould fign and deliver fucb deed or deeds for that end as Jhould be judged valid and necejfary by the corporation : and as by the fcheme devifed and agreed to by the faid corporation, it uvs appointed. That over and above the fums to be annually paid by cm* tributors as aforefaid, there Jhould be paid at the faid term of Lam* mas one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, by the treefurtr of the corporation, to the collector of the fcheme for the benefit thereofx the fum of twenty-five pounds fierling out of the funds of the corporation , and the like Jum of twenty-jive pounds fierling at Candlem&i one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, and at each Juceeedu^ term of Candlemas: bis Majefty, by bis faid royal charter, approved of the payments which bad been made, and authorized the faid osmd payments out of the corporation funds, to be made in future agreeoMe to the preceding article: and in cafe at any time thereafter it appeared to the members of the corporation, at a general meeting, regularly fummoned by a billet left at their refpeClive houfts, at leaft two days previous to the meeting, that the funds of the corporation were more than fufficient in any one year to maintain their poor, to defray their other necejfary expences, and to pay the aforefaid fum of twenty-five pounds fierling, they Jhould appoint the treafurer to pay to the collector of the fcheme fuch additional fum for that year as they Jhsuli judge proper, it being always underfiood, and exprefsly provided. That no order Jhould be iffued for fuch additional payment, unlefs three fourths of the members were prefent: and his Majefty further ordained, That the then prefent clerk of the corporation Jhould have it in his option to become a contributor to the fcheme, and to be entitled to the benefit thereof, upon the fame terms with the members of the corporation who were admitted before the term of Lammas one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven*, but declaring. That no future clerk Jhould be entitled to that privilege, except with the approbation and fpecial allowance of three fourths of the members of the corporation, contributors to the fcheme, fignified at a general meeting, and within one year after his admiffion. And his Majefty alfo ordained, That the contributors who were members oj the corporation at the term of Lammas w thoufand J'even hundred and feventy -/even, and who Jhould furvive the term of Candlemas one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, and leave widows, and the contributors who hoi

been

Digitized by

Google

1787-] Anno vicefimo feptimo GeoRGH III, c. 65.

heea% or Jhould be admitted members of the corporation after the faid term of Lammas one thoufandfeven hundred and feventyfeven, and who jhould furvive the term of Candlemas, at which their fourth year's rate became due, and leave widows, fuch widows Jhould be entitled to annuities as follows; videlicet, to twelve pounds ten Jhillings JUrlingi as an half year's annuity, at the term of Whitfunday immediately following the year in which their refpeflive hujbands died, and computed from the firjl <?/January to the thirty-firfl of December; and twenty-five pounds Jlerling as a full year's annuity, at each term of Whitfunday thereafter during life9 and their continuing unmarried ; but in cafe of their death or marriage, the faid annuity Jhould immediately ceafey and not be due for any term happening after either of thefe events: That the original and future contributors, who Jhould furvive the refpeTive terms above-mentioned, and die widowers, leaving a child or children under fixteen years of age, fuch child or children Jhould, at the term of Whitfunday immediately following the year in which their refpeftive fathers died, computing faid year from the firjl of January to the thirty firjl of December, be entitled to receive one hundred pounds Jlerling, which fum Jhould be equally divided amongjl them, if there were more than one child $ provided% That if any of the original contributors Jhould hapten to die before the term ^Candlemas one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, or any of the future contributors before the term of Candlemas, at which their fourth year's rate would have been due, neither their widows nor children Jhould be entitled to any benefit from the fcheme, but Jhould be entirely excluded therefrom: and by the faid royal charter it was further ordainedy That if any perfon who had beeny or Jhould be admitted a member of the corporation after Lammas one thoufand feven hundred and Jeventy-fcveity wasy at the time of his admijfiony forty years of age9 or upwards, and happened to die, leaving a widow y or leaving a child or children under fixteen years of age9 but no wi-dowy before he bad paidy or been liable to pay twelve years rates; in that cafe there Jhould be retained out of the annuity due to his widow, or out of the provifion due to bis child or children > fuch fum as% together with the [urns paid by him without computing interefl thereony Jhould amount to twelve years rateSy videlicet, fixty pounds Jlerling; end that if any contributor to the fcheme allowed bis annual rate to run on unpaid for fix yearsy bis widow or child, or children Jhould forfeit the rejpeflive annuities and provifions to which they would hove been entitled after his deceafe\ declaring, That fuch contributor Jhould neverthelefs be obliged to pay the forefaid annual rates in arrears and alfo continue liable in payment of his annual rates during life; hecau/e if fuch forfeiture jhould exempt either from payment of the annual rates in arreary or the rates that might thereafter fall due% feme contributors might voluntarily incur the forfeiturey whereby the [cbeme would be deprived in fo far of its proper fupporty the data (on which the calculation was injlituted) fuppofeng the annual rate of every contributor to be paid by him during lifey though be might have to profpeft of bringing any burden upon the fund: but$ to prevent any itfagreeable confequences that might follow the forfeiture afore-/jii, in cafe it Jhould appear to the contributors at a general meetingy

U 4	where

29 6

Annual rates payable by the contributors how to be applied.

Anno vicefimo feptimo QeoRGH Ilf. C. 65.	[1787.

where at leafi three fourth of them were prefent, that the failure in payment of any contributor was occaftoned, not with a view to injure the fund, but from the decay of bufinejs, or other misfortunes, it fhould be competent for futk meeting to allow, in cafe be died a widower , his child or ihildren to draw their refpeflive provifions, after deducting therefrom a fum equal to his amors and inter ejl \ and in eafe he left a widow, to enter her on the roll of annuitant s, as foot as the annuity that would have fallen due to her, had there been no forfeiture or arrears, fhould amount to a fum equal to tbefe arrears and inter fl, calculated in a progrejftve account; and it was further ordained, That the whole annual rates payable by the contributors, and the funis payable out of the corporation's flock, before the term of Whitfunday one thoufand fiven hundred and eighty-one, Jbould it applied by truflees (after payment of the expence of management) towards taiftng a capital flock of four thoufand five hundred pounds fitrlingy and that the annual produce of the fund at the faid term of Whitfunday one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, and at each term 0/Whitfunday thereafter, fhould be applied as follows \ videlicet, frfi, for defraying the expence of management; Jccondly, for raifing the capital, the following fums Jbould be lent out in each ytq\ viddifcet^

At the term ^Whitfunday one thoufand feven huudred and eighty-two, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, one tbwf&tj feven hundred and eighty-four, and one thoufand feven hundred m eighty-five, oneHuhdred and fifty pounds :

At Whitfunday one thoufand Jeven hundred, and eighty-fix, out * thoufand feven hundred arid eighty feven, on$ thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-mt, and one thoufand feven hundred ana ninety, one hundred pounds; At Whitfunday one thoufand feven hundred and ninety.- om, onttbyx-fand feven hundred and ninety-two, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, one thoufand feven hundred^ and ninety four, one, thoufandfeven hundred and ninety five, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety fix, one thoufand /even hundred and ninety-jeven, one thoufand Jeven hundred and ninety-eight, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and one thoufand eight hundred, fifty pounds: And at each Whitfunday thereafter, till the faid capital of four t'm-fand five hundred pounds was completed,, thirty poumb:

And thirdly, for payment of the annuities due to the widow* f tk contributors,' and the provifms due to their children : and if tot qi-tiual produce aforefaid in any one year exceeded the charges of management, the fum fo ordered to be applied for raifing the capita4 end the annuities and provifms due to the ihildren for that year, and lie arrears of any annuities and provifms of former years ajter-menr t toned, if any fuch were,Fuih exccfs or fur plus fhould be lent out, together with the for faid fum, for the purpofe of railing the capital', and on the other hand, if in any one year the annual produce was not Jufficient for defraying the annual burdens as aforefaid, yet no intmth-went fhould on that account ,be made upon the capital fo far os then

‘ ‘ ' v	• raifed.



Digitized by v^ooQle

1787] Anno vlcefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 65.

raifd* nor Jbould the further raifing thereof \ in manner above direft-edj be thereby flopped or retarded; but fuch deficiency or Jborteeming Jbould firfl ajfeft the children's provifions proportionally and then the annuities of all the widows proportionally* without regard to the order of time in which tbofe proviftom became due* and the fame Jbould again be made good to them out oj thefurplus of the annual produce for the jnccee&ng year or years* in this order; videlicet * firfl* after payment of the expence of management* and of the fum to be applied for raifing the flock or capital as afo/refmd* the widows annuities unpaid in the preceding year Jbould be made good: fecondly* the widows annuities of the current year; thirdly* the children's provifions of the former year or years* according to the order of time in which they became due : end laflly, the children's provifions for the current year. Provided always* That vfben the [aid capital was raifed* if in any one year the annual produce Jbould be more than Sufficient for payment of all the burdens of that year* and arrears of former years* the furplus Jbould be applied by the contributors at a general meeting* regularly fummonei by a billet left at their refpe&ive dwelling houfes* two days previous to the meeting* and where at leaf three fourth* of them wertprefent* cither towards the further railing of the capital* or fhould he divided omngfl the widows then on the fund* as fhould appear mofl advifeabla [s a majority <f the meeting.	And if thr qforefaid capital of four

tbggknd. five hundred pounds* when made up in whole or in pare* hitjpflfd b be dimiflijbed'* either by the insolvency of the debtors* or by agy other accident, whatsoever* fuch diminution Jbould from time ta flmt be mode up by after furplujfes* to be lent out as afortfmd; and qimoed, Tbqt the annuities payable to the widows* and the provi-fim payable to the child or children of the contributors as aforefaid* flydi not be liable to be orrefied* or otberways offered or attached by fair creditors y but; Jbould* notwithflandingfuch arreflmeni or a$~ tubmen^ be paid, to the, widows tbkmfelves, or their order* or to the turns end curators of the faid child or children\* or to their heirs* exe* tytors* or affigntes y and if the child or children bad no tutors or cu~ rotors* then* and in that cafe* the provifion to which they were end* tied Jbould be paid to fuch perjon or perfons as Jbould be named for rt~ (thing the Jam by . tha truflees for the management cf the fund* to. be applied for the ufe and behoof of tho faid child or children refpec-t'mly: and by the faid charter %t was lHewiJe ordained and appointed* That the,truflees for managing the fcheme Jbould confifl of fix contrivers* whereof three to be a quorum; and they Jbould have power to (left a ptefes at every meeting* who* in cafe of an equality of votes in on) qufiian* fhould have, the cafling vote, as prefes* befides bis vote as a trufiei; That they fhould have two fated meetings in each year ; the firfl to be held on. the fecond Tuefday of March, for making up a Ifljf tb* widows and children entitled to annuities and provifions at Wfaitfunday thereafter* which lift Jbould lie open to the infptftion of oil parties inlet cfled* in the clerk's bands s and , the faid parties might live in their objections in writing* if any they had* to be by him laid btjrn the truflees* for their determination at the fecond Jlated meet-H%* which fhould be held, on the fecond Monday of May yearly: Thai befides the forefifld two fated meetings* they might hold fuch

occafional

Digitized by Google

2gt	Anno	viccfimo	feptimo	Georgii	III.	c.65.	[1787.

occa[tonal meetings as circumftances required: which the left prefesf either of bimfclf or upon the application of any two of their number< Truftees ap- Jhould have power to call: and his Majefly, by his faid royal charter pointed.	letters patent, nominated, appointed, and confirmed the folUwu%

fix contributors to be the original truftees: videlicet, Robert Walker, John Balfour, Alexander Wood, William Chalmers, Jo-feph Robertfon, and Thomas Hay, who were to continue to exe-cute that trujl till Lammas one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one: and ordained. That the faid Robert Walker Jhould go out of office at the faid term of Lammas one thoufand feven hundredeii eighty-one, the faid John Balfour at Lammas one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, the faid Alexander Wood at Lammas one thoufand feven hundred ana eighty-three, the faid William Ch& infers at Lammas one thoufand feven hundred and eighty foar, At faid Jofeph Robertfon at Lammas one thoufand feven hundred aid eighty five, and the faid Thomas Hay at Lammas one thoufmi feven hundred and eighty fix; That one Jhould be defied at the fail term of Lammas one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, to ftp* ply the faid Robert Walker’s place, and one at each of the fortjrid Jucceeding terms 0/Lammas, to fupply the then vacancy: That inett time thereafter the eldefi truftee, that is, the firjl truftee in the Eft, Jhould go out of office at Lammas yearly, and another be defied in bis room; but that notwithftanding of the faid general rule, if a & jority of the contributors inclined to continue any truftee in office when it came to his turn to be removed, they Jhould be at liberty Jo lob, which trujlee, being then confidered as the youngeft, Jhould bi place/ lafi in the lift, and continue in office during the fame period as if'bt bad been then defied for the firjl time: That if a vacancy bappmd by the death or iemiffion of any of the original or future truftetS, or in any other manner of way than as aforefaid; or in cafe one tltffei declined to accept, another Jhould be elefied in bis place, it being always underftood, and exprefsly provided, that it Jhould not he tenth tent to elefi any per Jon as trujlee but one of the contributors 5 and to elefiion ofa truftee Jhould be made but at a general meeting of the contributors, regularly warned by billets left at their rejpefiive boufes, it leaft two days previous to the meeting: and if any trujlee Jhould U ebfent from a meeting to which he was regularly fummoned, be JkoeU forfeit and pay one Jbilling to the colkfior, to be applied by him to tht uje of the fcheme, unlefs he fatisfied the truftees at their next or Jem after-meeting, that his abfence was occafioned by indifpofition: ana that the fums to be applied for raifing the capital Jhould be lent out bj tbt truftees, from time to time, upon fuch real or per final Jecurities os they Jhould judge fufficient and beft for the inter eft of the fund, 4bt bonds and other fecurities Jor the fame to be taken payable to tbt foil truftees, or any three of them, and to their fuccejfors in office 5 end the faid truftees for the time, or any three of them, Jhould have pmtr to ojftgn and dijeharge the faid bonds or other fecurities, end to fust oil manner of execution necejfary for recovering payment thereof, or m-ttrning the fame any manner of way \ but exprefsly provided. That no money Jhould be lent by the truftees to any member or members of tbt corporation upon any account whatfotver y and that the trufteeijbsui

ebuji

Digitized by

Google

*99

1787.] Anno vicefimo fcptlmo Georgji III. 0.65.

(faff a (dleflor and clerk to the fcheme, to continue in their office re-fpcfiively during the pleafure of the trujtees; both of which offices night be filled by one p erf on, if the trujlees judged proper; which collar Jbould have power to carry on all fuits for recovery of the annual rates, and other fums payable for fupport of the fund, and all arrears that might be due by any contributor at the time of bis deceafe \ and Jbould retain, at the ftght dnd direttion of the trujlees, from the widows annuity, or from the children's provifions,fuch fums as Jhould bt due hy their refpefiive bufiands or fathers, or their heirs and executory which had not been, or could not be recovered from them, upon iffipitng to fuch widow or children refpe lively, fuch debt: and that the collector Jhould, on his admijfion to the office, grant bond, with a /efficient cautioner, to the trujlees, to the extant of one hundred pounds firrhng, for the faithful difeharge of his trujl 5 and Jbould fubferibe oil the receipts for the annual rates, and for the annual fums paid by tie corporation, and keep regular books ,Jhewing the flats of the funds tmder his management, in fuch manner as the trujlees Jbould appoint; end the clerk Jbould alfo keep a book for recording the federunts of the trujlees; which booh were at all times to be open to the infpefiion of every contributor: and the colled? or Jhould exhibit to the contributors at a general meeting, to be held on the fecond Monday of Auguft yearly, a Jlate of the funds under bis management, and Qn account of the fums received by him for the preceding year, and the application of tie fame-, which meeting Jhould have power to audit and pajs the faii accounts, and difeharge him and his furety of the fums accountedtfor.

And whereas the members of tbs faid college and corporation, and. the trujlees and officers elefted by them for managing the faid fund,; have proceeded in the execution of the faid fcheme agreeably to the re ptkttons in the faid charter and letters patent herein-above mentioned; and it is found by experience that the faid Jcheme will be of great be-, nefit to the widows and children of the members, but that the fame would be Jlill more beneficial and effectual if the alterations upon the fold fcheme and regulations in the Jaid letters patent herein-aftermen-tiontd, were made, and if the authority of parliament were interpofed for currying the faid fcheme, fubjeft to the faid alterations, into execu-tm: and whereas John Shiells, one of the members of the faid college and corporation at the time the faid fcheme was inftituted, did not accede thereto; and therefore in terms of the faid letters patent fiends excluded from the benefit thereof \ but the Jaid John Shiells bos fmee declared bis willingnefs to become a contributor, paying all the annual rates fince the infiitution, which the contributors are wiU ling to agree to, if they were not prohibited by the terms of the fcheme, end of tbe faid letters patent: may it therefore pleafe your Ma-. jefty that it may be enabled; and be it enadted by the King’s mail excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That Letterspatent the faid charter and letters patent^ and a|l the regulations, or- generally con* finances, and appointments therein contained, and herein above firmcd* recited, relative to the fcheme for railing a fund for a provifion to fiidows and children of the members of the faid college and

a	'	corpora*

Digitized by

JOo

No annual rate to be paid beyond 914 years.

Sum to be contributed out of the corporation funds.

Funds of the corporation, if able, may contribute farther.

Annuities to widows.

Anno ticefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 65. [1787.

corporation, and all the proceedings had in confequence thereof, agreeable to the terms of the faief letters patent, (hall be, and the fame are hereby cbnfirmed in fo far as the fame are not altered by this prefeht aft, and that the ftid fcheme (hall be Carried into execution hereafter, in conformity to the faid regulations, ordinances, and appointments, (bbjeft to Hie alterations hefein-after mentioned*

II.	And be it ertafted by the duthbntV aforefaid, That no prefeht or future member of the faid college and corporation, who is a contributor to the faid fund, and who (hall have pad his annual rate or contribution for twenty-four years fuccef-fively, with intereft and penalty if inclined, (hall be obliged to pay or contribute more thereafter duririg his life* arty thingm the faid charter or letters patent, or in the deeds executed by the contributors, to the contrary rtbtWhhftandirtgt

III.	And be it ertafted by the authority aforefaid, That in litti of the fum of twenty-five pbunds, which by the fcheme and tlje faid charter and letters patent is appointed to be paid annually Out of the funds of the corporation to the collector of the bin fcheme for railing the capital, there (hall be paid by the treafurer of the corporation, and out of their fuhds, it the (krm of Gm-diems one thoufattd feven hundred irtd eighty-eight, abd at eXth fucceedirig ittrti of Cdtl&tim&s thereafter, to the colleftor of the feid fcheme, the fum of One pbiiricjt fterlirig for each peHoh who i* a member Xt the time, and whofe tfidbW and Childrctf may eventually bfc entitled to the benefit of the fcheme: ah$ further. That the ford treafurer (hall pay bver fO the colleftbr of the fchefnef the Half of the entry money paid bV cich and every perform who (hsUl hereafter be admitted members of t^fc Cud college and cbrpbfation, and that towards raifirtg and abgirient-irtg the capital of fund for providing the WidoWs and chHdnti Of tire members Contributors.

IV.	And be it ertafted by the authority aforelaicf, That in cafe at arty time hereafter it (hall appear tb the members of the faM cbifege and corporation at a geisftal meeting, to which they (hall be regtrtarly (amnioned by a billet left* at their reTpeftive hotrfes at lead two days previous to the meeting, that theTunJJs of the corporation ate more than’ futficient in any one'year to maintain1 their poor, and to defray the other rieceflary expeb-ces", and to1 pay the fums of money aforefaid to the colleftof of the fcheme; thert' it (hall be lawful to appoint the treafurer of the corporation to pay to the faid colleftof fuch additional fum for that year, as (hall be judged proper; provided that no order fbr fuch additional payment (hall be made unlefs three fourths of the members of the college or corporation are prefent at fuch general meeting.

V.	And be if ertafted by the authority aforefaid. That the widows of contributors who have fqrvived the term at which their fourth annual rate became due, as well thofe widows who are already entitled to the benefit of the fund, as thofe who (hall htreaftcr come to be fo entitled* ftiall each be entitled 10, and

receive

Digitized by

Google

1787O Anno vicefimo feptioio Geokgii III. c. 65. receive the following annuities; that is to fay, at the firft term, of fflntfunday after the deceafe of their refyc&ive hufbands, and at each fucceeding Whitfunday during their lives, and till IVhit-jmday which will be in the year of our Lord one thoufand eight hundred and one, thirty pounds fterling; and at the faid term of Whitfund&y one thoufand eight hundred and one, each widow (hall be entitled to and receive forty pounds fterling, and the fame fum annually thereafter during their lives; anything in the faid fcheme as originally framed, or in the faid charter and letters patent, to the contrary notwithftandiog: but provided nevertbeleft, That the annuity of any widow of a contributor who (hall marry again, (hall, from and immediately after fuch her marriage, ceafe and determine.

VI.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That there Nbdedu&ion fhall be no deduction upon any account from the widows an- folk year, nuities the firft year after they have come on the fund, but that

the arrears of contributors fhall be paid by deducing a fum not exceediog one third of the annuity each (ubfequent year till the faid arrears are paid up; and in cafe any contributor, who has become a member of the corporation at the age of forty years or upwards, (hall die before he has paid twelve years rates, the deficiency (hall be made up in the fame manner.

VII.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That if & Provifions to contributor (hall furvive the term upon which the payment of children.

his fourth annual rate becojne due, and (hall die a widower, leaving a child or children under (ixteen years of age, fuch child <* children fl>all, at the term of Whitfunday immediately following the death of their father, be entitled to and receive one hundred pounds fterling, which fum, if there be more than one child, (hall be equally divided amongft the children; provided.

That if any of the contributors (hall happen to die before the term of Candlemas at which the fourth annual rate would have bcen.due, neither their widows nor children lhall be entitled to any benefit from the fcheme, but (hall be entirely excluded therefrom.

VIII.	And whereas it is found necejfary% in place of the capital Capital to be

mentioned in the faid recited, charter arid letters patent, that there *i>oool fter-jbould be a capital of eleven thoufand pounds Jlerlingy upon thefup-	in-0n"

potion of there being forty contributors, (tbt prefent. number being crcafc. tbirtj-ftven), and that the capital Jhouldbe increafed two hundred

end fifty pounds jicrling, for each contributor above that number: be

itenadked by the authority aforefaid, That the truftees in whom

the management of the laid fcheme is veiled fliaU, befides the

Aim already raifed, being three thoufand one hundred and fifty

pounds or thereby, apply the whole, annual rates, together with

the money paid by or received from the funds of the corpora- Application

tion, and the profits of the (lock, firft, in defraying the expences of the money.

of management; fecondly, in lending out the following fums

annually, for increafing and railing the capital; that is to fay,

at the term of Whitfunday in each of the years of our Lord one, Sums to he

thoufand feven hundred, ,and eighty-eight, one thoufand feven annually lent

hundred ^

Google

Anno vlcefimo feptimo GeoRGII III. c. 65.	[	1787.

hundred and eighty-nine, one thoufand (even hundred and ninety, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, one thousand feven hundred and ninety-two* one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, one thoufaod feven hundred and ninety-fix, one thoufand feven hundred ud nincty-feven, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and one thouiaod eight hundred, the fum of two hundred pounds fterling: at the term of Wbitfunday in each of the years one thoufand eight hundred and one, one thoufand eight hundred and two, out thoufand eight hundred and three, one thoufand eight hundred and four, and one thoufand eight hundred and five, the fum of one hundred and thirty pounds fterling: at the term of WHh funday in each of the years one thoufand eight hundred and fi one thoufand eight hundred and feven, and one thoufand e^jbg hundred and eight, the fum of one hundred and fifteen pouadt fterling: at the term of Wbitfunday in each of the years one thou-fand eight hundred and nine, one thoufand eight hundred and' ten, one thoufand eight hundred and eleven, one thoufand eight hundred and twelve, and one thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, the fum of one hundred pounds fterling: at the term of Wbitfunday in each of the years one thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, one thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, one thoufaod eight hundred and fixteen, one thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, and one thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, the fum of fifty pounds fterling: and at the term of Wkitjundtyvx the year one thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, and in each year fubfequent, the fum of thirty pounds fterling, till the capijtal of eleven thoufand pounds is completed: and thirdly, for payment of the annuities due to the widows of the contributors, and the provifions due to their children: and if the annual produce aforefaid in any one year (hall exceed the charges of management, the fum fo ordered to be applied for railing the capital, and the annuities and provifions due to the widows aod children for that year, and the arrears of any annuities of former years after mentioned, if any fuch were, fuch excefs or fur-plus fhall be lent out together with the forefaid fums, for the purpofe of raifing the capital: and on the other hand, if, in aoy one year, the annual produce (hall not be fufficient for defraying the annual burdens as aforefaid, yet no encroachment (hall cn that account be made upon the capital, fo far as then raifed, nor /hall the further raifing thereof, in manner above dire&cd, be on that account ftopped or retarded, except in the cafe of a contributor or contributors leaving a child or children entitled to provifion from the fund as aforefaid, in which cafe the capital ftock may fuffer a diminution, and lhall contribute to makeup what the produce of the current year in which the event happens is deficient, to anfwer or pay the fum or fums to which fuch child or children is or are entitled; but in every other cafe fuch deficiency or (hortaoming (hall affetf the annuities of

Digitized by

m

1787.] Anno vicefimo leptimo Geo^GII III. C.65.

all the widows proportionally, without regard to the order of time in which their annuities became due, and the fame (hall be reftored to them out of the furplus of the annual produce for the fucceeding year or years, as above-mentioned. Provided always, That when the faid capital is raifed, if in any one year the annual produce (hall be more than fufficient for payment of ill the burdens of that year, and arrears of former years, the (orpins (hail be divided amongft the widows then on the fund : and if the aforefaid capital of eleven thoufand pounds, when made up in whole or in part, (hall happen to be diminished, cither by the infolvency of debtors, or by any other accident whatever, fuch diminution (hall from time to time be made up by after-furplufles to be lent out as aforefaid: provided always.

That fuch diminution did not happen by payments to the child or children of a contributor, in which cafe the fums fo paid (hall be replaced by annual payments of twenty pounds for each one hundred pounds advanced.

IX.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the Truftees truttees now in the management of the faid fcheme and fund, power, deded agreeably to the faid recited letters patent, and the truf-

tces hereafter chofen conformably thereto, and the quorum of them, or the colledor of the faid fcheme, (hall have full pdwer to a(k, demand, levy, fue, and ufe all manner of legal diligence for recovery of the annual rates payable by contributors, and intereft thereof, and penalties if incurred: and alfo of the fums payable by or out of the funds of the faid college and corporation, and all fums lent out for or due to the common fund, or making part of the capital, and the profits thereof, and otherwife to ad agreeably to the regulations of the (aid letters patent, the accounts of the colledor being exhibited to a general meeting of the contributors at the term of Lammas yearly, in place of the fecond Monday of Augujl as direded by the faid letters patent.

X.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the faid JohnShiellsto Jsbn Sbidls (hall be admitted to ail the benefits of the fcheme, in be admitted the fame*manner as if he had originally acceded thereto; pro- onPayiDS J$L vided that he (hall pay into the hands of the colledor of the

fcheme the fum of fifty-five pounds fterling within fix weeks from and after the pafiing of this ad, and continues to pay the . common annual rate of a contributor for the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, and in each fubfequent year during his life, till he has paid twenty-four years rates in all, if he (hall fo long live.

XL And be it enaded, That the expence of obtaining this Expence of aft (hall be paid out of the common funds of the faid college this ad. and corporation, and not out of the money contributed or collected for the purpofes of providing for the widows and children of the members.

XII.	And be it further enaded. That this ad (hall be deemed, Publick ad. adjudged, and taken to be a publick ad; and (hall be judicially

taken

3°4

Anno vicefirao feptimo GeoRGii III. C; 6y. £1787.

taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, and other perfons wfeit-

lbever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

c'a p. lxvi.

An a& for dividing: and indofing the low lands and common fens titbit the hamlet of Martin in the parifh of Timberland, and within thi parifh of Blackney, in the county of Lincoln; and for draining wd preferring the low lands and fens within the laid hamlet of Martfy and parifh of Blackney, and within the hamlet of Lin wood, io tfct faid parifh of Blackney.

CAP. LXVIL

An a& for the better repairing, paving, clean fin g, lighting, and watching the highways, Greets, and lanes of and in the town and pdftaf Sandwich, in the county of Kent, and in the feveral pari {he* of Saint Peter the A-poftle, Saint Mary the Virgin, and Saint Clement, in tfc faid town, port, and county; and for removing and preventing in* croachments, nuifances, obftru&ions, and annoyances in thr fiftf highways, Greets, and lanes, and on the common quay belongingtothct faid town and port, and in the haven adjoining to the faid quay, sad the bridge built over The faid haven; and for regulating the birthrtnd mooring places of vcflels at the faid quay, and the proper tzmei for veiTels to p*f8 through the faid bridge.

A

E N D .of VOL. XXXVI. Par* J*

Digitized by t^ooQle

I 1	i

'	THE

STATUTES at Large,

i

Anno	regni G E O R G11 III. Regis, Magna	Britannia,	Franc, ,

•vicefimo oSiavo,

u	'

AT	the parliament	begun and bolden at Weft-

minfter, the eighteenth day of May,

Dimini 1784, in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of ourjovereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued, by	feveralprorogations, to the tw

day o/'November, 1787; being the fifth fejjion of the fixteentb parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

Ad ad for continuing aqd granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, add perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight.—-This ad the fame as laft year.

C A P. II.

Ad ad for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in	>

Great Bntain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight.—At 4s. in the pound; this ad the fame as laft year.

CAP. III.

An oft for the regulation of his Majefty's marine forces while on Jhore.

XLIV.TJROVIDED nevcrthelefs, and it is hereby declared

JL by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the Claufe for retwenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and 1,cf eighty-eight, when and as often as any perfon or perfons (hall be inlifted as a marine or marines in his Majefty’s fervice, he Vol, XXXVI.	Z	and	v

Digitized by

Google



As often as it /hall be necef-fary, officers of the marine and land forces may fit InconjunAion upon courts martial; taking rank according to the feniority of their com-miffioos*

r

Anno vicefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 3. [1788.

and they (hall, within four days, but not (boner than twenty*fbttr hours after fuch inlifting refpe&ively, be carried before the next juftice of the peace of any county, riding, city, or place, or chief niagiftrate of any city, or town corporate, (not being an officer of marines), and before fuch juftice or chief magiftrate he or they (hall be at liberty to declare his or their diflent to fuch inlifting; and, upon fuch declaration, and returning the inlifting money, and alfo each perfon fo differtting paying the fooi of twenty (hj* lings for the charges expended or laid out upon him, fucn per-fon or perfons fo inlifting (half be forthwith difcharged and fet at liberty, in the pvefence of fuch juftice or chief magiftrate; but if fffcft perfon dr pfcrfons (hall tkfufe or negleft, within the foie* of twenty-four hours, to return and pay fuch money, as afore-faid, he or they (hall be deemed and taken to be inlifted, as if he or they had givdn his or thkir stfltnt thereto before the faid jbf-tice or chief magiftrate; or if fuch perfon or perfons fhali declare his Of their having voluntarily inlifted bithfelf or theiflielvet, then fuch juftice or chief magiftrate (hall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his hand, that fuch perfon or jperfons is or are duly inlifted; fetting forth the place of the birth, age, and calling; of him or them refpedtivcly, (if known), and that the fecond arid third feltioris of the articles of war, for the better government of his MajeAy’s marine forces while on (bore, were read to him or them> and that he or they had taken the oath of fidelity mentioned in the twelfth fe&ion of the find articles of war; and if any fuch perfon or perfons, fo to be certified as duly inlifted; (ball refufe t6 take the faid oath of fidelity before the faid juftice or thief magiftrate; it fhali and maybe lawful for fuch officer, from whom he ha? received fuch money as aforefaid, to detain or confine fuch pfcrfon or perfons until he or they fhali take the oath before required; and every officerof marines that (hall *& contrary hereto, or offend herein, upon proof thereof, upon oath made by two witneftes, before a general court-martial to be thereupon called, (hall, for fuch offence, be forthwith cafhiered and difplaced from fuch his office, and (hall be thereby utterly difabled to have or hold anf cftil or military office or employment within this kingdom, or in his Majefty’s fervice.

XLV. And whereas it may be expedient in certain cafes, parti-'tulariy where a fuffictent number of marine officers cannot kecontfc-niently ajfembled, or in matters wherein any of his Majefys land form may be interefted, that officers of the land forces Jbould he ajjodatei with the marine officers for the purpofe of holding courts-martial; be it ena<5ted and declared. That Mich and as often as it (hall be neceftary* it fhali and may be lawful for officers of the marine and land forces to (it in conjunction upon courts-martial, and fo proceed in the trial of any marine Officer or private man, m like manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch courts-martial were compofed of marine officers only j and the officers of tht marine and land forces are, in fuch cafes, to take rack according to the feniority of their commifliohs in either fervice*

CAP.

•	Google

Anno ricefimo otfavo GEOROil 111, €. 4*

32 9

CAP. .IV.

At aft for forging on additional duty on /pints manufactured if!

Scotland, and imported into England.

WHEREAS by an a/!, made in the twenty fiventb year of Preamble* the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled, An aft tor re- 27 Geo. j. pealing the feveral duties of cuftoms and excile, and granting c. 13. other duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the faid duties; to-

!aether with the other dudes compofipg the publick revenue; or permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufafture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom $ and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer lot the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduftion of the national debt; certain duties were impofed on Britifh fpirits manufac-lured in Scotland, and brought from thence into any other part of thi united kingdom: and whereas, at the time of making the Jhid aft, the faid duties, together with certain duties by a certain aft, made in the twenty ftxth year of the reign of his faid Majefly, intituled. An aft t6 Geo. J* to difeontinue, for a limited time, the feveral dudes payable in c*

Scotland upon low wines and fpirits, and upon worts, walh, and other liquors there ufed in the diftillation of fpirits j and for granting to his Majefty other duties in lieu thereof $ impofed upon the capacity or content of certain fills mentioned in that aft, were darned equivalent to the duties by the faid aft made in the twenty-ftventh year of the reign of his faid Majefly, impofed on Wort, wafh,	.

and other liquer, in the la/l recited aft mentioned, brewed or made in fh;s™d£to that part of Great Britain called England, for extrafting fpirits for jujy tjt8, home confumption: and whereas it is found by experience that the faid an additional duties are not equivalent, and that it is expedient to impofe an addi- duty of 6d. to timed doty on Britifh fpirits manufactured in Scotland, and brought ^ery anort from thence into any other part of the united kingdom, on or before the of Brin fh fpi-fiftb day of July one thoujand feven hundred and eighty*eight; be it rits diftilledin therefore enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and Scotland and. with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, ™^{£r,ntot and Cbmmons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the 0f the United authority of the fame,"That there fhall be raifed, levied, colleft- kingdom, of a ed, and paid, unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and ftrength not fucceflors, for every gallon of Britifh fpirits of a ftrength not ex-	tcJ.

ceeding that of one to ten over Iiydrometer proof, which fhall J^ter be manufaftured in Scotland, and brought from thence into any and for every other part of the united kingdom* from and after the day on gallon of a which this aft fhall receive his Majefty’s royal aflenr, and on of £rcatcfrh * before the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and not exceeding eighty-eight, an additional duty of (ixpence; and for every gal- 3 per cent.

Ion of all fuch fpirits of a greater ftrength than one to ten over over and hydrometer proof, and not exceeding three per centum over and above one to ten over hydrometer proof, fixprnce, and alfo a and f farther Z 2	further	duty in pro*

Digitized by njOOQIC	^

£3i>	Anrio	vicefimo	odlavo	GfcoRGii	III.	c.	^yS8.

portion to its further duty proportioned to the degree of ftrength in which fuch greater fpirits fliall exceed the faid ftrength of one to ten over hydrome-ftrcn*th- ter proof.	.	*

Additional ^ II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That duties to be the faid additional duties by this aft impdfed, and alfo all other fmdonrrhbe ^ut*es now Pa)^ble by law for or in refpeft of Brittjb fpirits fore^anihg, manufaftured in Scotland, and brought from thence into any other &c.	. part of the united kingdom, fliall be paid by the importer there-

of before the landing thereof, and (hall be raifed, levied, collected, paid, and applied in the fame manner, and under fuch management, and with fuch powers for recovering the fame, and by fuch rules, ways, and methods, as the faid other duties on fuch fpirits are now raifed, levied, collected, paid, and applied, under the direction of any aft or afts of parliament now in force relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the feveral claufes, powers, directions, rules, penalties and forfeitures, in fuch aft or afts relating thereto, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the bedy of this aft.

Spirits aftual- III* And be it further enacted, That all fpirits which {hall ly flrpt and have been actually (hipped for exportation from that part of Great cleared at the Britain called Scotland, and which (hall have been cleared out-Sortation'be- war^s at ^ie cuft0*11 houfe of the port where the fame (hail have fore Feb. i, been ft> flapped on or before the firft day of February one tbou-1788, not to land feven hundred and eighty-eight, (hall and may be landed in be liable to any other part of the united kingdom, without being fubjeft to the additional tjjC p2ymcnt 0f the additional duty impofed by this aft, any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithflanding.

IV. And whereat funding contract may have been made be-

Additional fore P°IF%n& °f	^	lmPorters or proprietors of	fpirits,

dntv may be Jor frying perjom with fuch fpirits to be delivered in point of time charged ou after the pajftng of this be it therefore enafted by the autho* fpintscQp- rity aforefaid, That, from and after the day on which this aft *revimis^to	rece*ve	his	Majefty’s	royal	affent,	the	importers	or	proprie-

?heVp3fling> tors °f fuch fpirits, which (hall be delivered after the (aid day in this? aft, and purfuance of fuch contrafts,fl>allbeallowedto add the duties here-notdeliverable by charged upon fuch fpirits, and (hall be intitled, by virtue of period^ t^at	to Pa^ l^c ^ame accor(Pmgly: provided neverthelefs,

butThe parties ^at the parties who have contracted to receive fuch fpirits. Dull contracting to have the liberty to annul and cancel the bargains they have receive them entered into, in cafe they chufe fo to do, rather than pay the (aid

CAP. V.

An aft to continue the laws now in force for regtriating the trade between the fubjefts of his Majedy’a dominions and the inhabitants of * the territories belonging to the united dates of America, fo far as the fame relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the hud United dates.	1

as Geo. 3* c. 39. fo far as relates to the commerce between this kingdom and the united dates ofAmcrica, and *4 Geo.3 , c. 45. to continue In force till April 5,1789.

C'It. And

Digitized by VjOOy LC

17MJ Anno vicefimo o&avo GeoRGII III, c. 6.	331

If. And be it further ena&ed, Th^t if any iron, hemp, (ail- Article* from $loth, or other articles of the produce of any place bordering on ™7.Pla<on^he tiie Baltic, which may be lawfully exported from this king- Baltic^“which dom, (hall be exported from hence, in any other manner Jhan maybe cx-fuch as is or (hall be allowed by any Jaw now in force, or ported from which (hall hereafter: bet in forc^, pr by order of his, Majefty in . council ; or. if any goods or commodities whatever (hall c0n*rary*o be imported from any of the territories of the united ftates law, any goods of America, into any of the ports of this kingdom, other imported-than Aich as by any law now in force, or which ^a^ e?teu* 2f hereafter be in force, or by viTtue of this prefent atf, or by Amrricafand prder of his Majefty in councif, now are, or hereafter (hall ndt permitted be permitted to be imported; or if any goods or com- bylaw, modifies lhall be imported from the territories of the faid andalfogoods United dates of America into any of the ports of this kingdom, fy^^efe in any otlier manner, whatever than fuch as is or (hail be alr (tares contra-lowed by any law now .in force, or which (hall hereafter be in ry to law, to force, or by order of his Majefty in council, the fame (hall be be forfeited, forfeited, together with the (hip pr vcffel in which fuch goods or commodities (hall refpectively be exported or imported, and all the guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel belonging thereto. v ^

Forftftarcs-to be recovered and applied as by law, refpefting the revenue of the cuftorl»8, in the place where the offence (hall be committed, and the produce thereof to be difpofed of tn like manner in the laid places refpectively. This Aft to continue in force till April j, 1789.

GAP. VI.

An aft foi' regulating the trade between the fubjefis of hh Majefty*$ colonies and plantations in North America, and in the Weft India iftands, and the countries' belonging to the united ft ate s of America; and between his Majefty* s faid fubjefls and the foreign iftands in the Weft Indies.	,

WHEREAS the regulations made by his Majefty's feverdl Preamble, orders in council, for carrying on the commerce between his Majefty's fubjeQs in North America, andLin the Weft Indies, and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the unitedftaies of America , in purfuance of the powers vefted in his Majefty for that purpofe by ftveral alts of parliament, have by experience been found to be be-	.	.

uefiial: and whereas it is now proper that the faid regulations Jbould be eftablijbed and made permanent; be it therefore enacted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That no goods or commodities whatever (hall he imported or If any goo<K brought from any of the territories belonging to the faid united except the armies of America, into any of his Majefty’s Weft India iftands f^fied^Oiall (in which defeription the Babamq Iftands, and the Bermuda or b^broupht Somers JJlands, are included), under the penalty of the forfeiture from thennit-thcreof, and alfo of the (hip or veflel in which the fame (hall ed dates of be fo imported or brought, together with all her guns, furni- WeVln-Z 3	ture,	<jia jflaodB, .

Digitized by Google

r

332	Anno vicefimo oftavo GeoRGII III* c. 6. [1788;

they are for-	ammunition,	tackle,	and apparel, except tobacco, pitch,

thcveffy&c tar’ turPcnt*ftc» hemp* flax, malts, yards, bowiprtte, (laves* CV€ ■*	'	heading-boards, timber, (hingles, and lumber of any loft?

horles, neat cattle, iheep, hogs, poultry, and live flock of any fort; bread, bifeuit, flour, peas, beans, potatoes, wheats rice, oars, barley, and grain of any fort; fueh commodities refpeftively, being the growth or production of any of the ter-ritories~Gf the (aid united ftates of Ametiea.

Such articles JJ. Arid be it further enadied by the authority aforeiaid. That ted	nonc	goods or commodities herein-btfore excepted, enu-

poried muft merated, and deferibed, (hail be imported or brought into Oey be brought by of the faid iflands from the territories of the faid united fern,1 ^ritifh fob- under the like penalty of the forfeiture thereof, and alfo of tho ^ipVmi	m	ve^c* *n w^ich the fame ihall be fo imported or brought,

nalt/of for- together with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and failure. apparel, except by Britijb fabje&s, and in Btitifly*buih fltips, owned by his Majefty’s fubjedts, and navigated* according 10 law.

Goods, not HI. And be it further bnaifted by the authority aforefaid, be°«^orted° ^bat it	to export from any of the faid Wtft /»-

from the Weft dia iflands to any port or place within the territories belonging India iflands, to the faid united ftates, any goods orcommodities wbatfoever, to any foreign which are not now by law prohibited to be exported free? the country ,faid iflands to any foreign country or place in Europe and aUb be exported fugar* naelaifles, coffee, cocoa nuts, ginger, and pimento: and to the united that all cocoa nuts or ginger which (hall be fo exported, lhaH ftates, See. be fubjedt and liable to thfc fame duties to which the fame are cocoa nuts n0w Severally fubjedt and liable if exported to any Briujb co-cxporledttobe ^onY or plantation in Amtrica\ and that the/aid duties fhallbe pable to the jaifed, levied, coUedtcd^paid, recovered, and applied, in the /ame duties as famemanner as the duties on cocoa nuts pr ginger exported to anY BnuA colony or plantation in America are Jeverally rai fed, ny ia\ipsv£’ levied, coiie&ed, paid, recovered, and applied: provided aj[-ca,	ways, That no fugar, melaffes, coffee, cocoa nuts, ginger* or

No article,ex* pimento, nor any other articles or ^commodities whatfoever ^rpti^l|nfr0? (except fait from the iflands called Turk's Ijlands, being part pf to be fo ex- the ^a^ama iflands) (hall be fo exported, except by Britijb fob* ported but by jc&$, and in Britijh-b\i\\i (hips, owned by his Majeftyfs frib-Britifh fub- jedls, and navigated according to law, under the like pcnxht in Britifh 0f the forfeiture thereof, and alfo of the (hip or vcfltl in whidp oiit*'offor-* l^e ^ame *hall exPorte^> together with her guns, furpitnc^ feiture, tea. ammunition, tackle and apparel.

where bonds IV. And be it further enadfed by the authority aforcfaid, are required That in every cafe where, on exportation of any goods or cowr ‘V1 *erf^oods moc^ties to any	cblony or plantation in America, a bond

to°a Brifuh 1S now or maY hereafter required by law for the due landing colony in of fuch goods or commodities in fuch colony or plantation, ana America, like a certificate is required to difeharge fuch bond, a Gaidar bond ♦v>nds to be /ha|i be required, on exportation of fuph goods or commodi-f xVporutionC,r t]es t0 r^e territories of the united ftates, forihe due landing the in the united fame in the faid territories; and fuch bond ihall and maybe iUtes.	,	'	»*	‘	‘

Digitized by

Google

1780.J Annovicefimo oflavo GEojiqii III. c. 6.	333

discharged, upon a certificate under the band and feal pf the How fitch Britifb conful ®r vice conful, provided any fuch conful or vice difch^rlred cooful (hall be refidcnt at the port or place where fuch goods	**

fhall be landed; or in oafe there (hall not be any fuch conful	•

or vice conful fo rehdent, then under the hand and leal of any officer or officers who are or may be appointed by the faid united ftates, or any of them, for title porpofe of granting fuch certificate ; and if it (hall happen that there dull not be any officer fo appointed, then, and in fuch cafe, fuch bond (hall and myy be difeharged, upon a certificate under the hand and (feal of any magiftrate of the faid uoited dates, or, any pf them, certir lying that there is no fuch officer at the port pr place where fuch goods IhaU be landed, and that oath hath been made before fecit magiftrate by the mafter, or other per ion having the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, that the goods for which fuch certificate is acquired were duly landed by him at fuch pprf e> place within the terriMrie? belonging to the faid united dates.

V.	Andwhereas it is	expedient tt givt due tncouragemtn;	tbf

taking*f fait in tbe	faidiflastds called Turk’s Idands; be 4 -ircrc-

foce further coaled by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and Veffel* corn-may h« lawful for any (hip or veflel belonging to the inhabi- J."* tants of the dud united ftates of America corning in ballaft, and ftate* raay~ not otberwife, to enter the ports pf the faid iflands, called be laden at SartfsIflands, for the purpose of being there laden with (felt, and Turk’siflands form.other puepofe .whatever; under pnd fubjed to the prp- wlth fat* vifioos, regulations, and reftridions, iberein-after mentioned; anything in this adt, or any law, ufage, or cuftum* *Q (be con-trary notwithftanding.

VI.	Provided always. That the mafter, or other perfan hav- Mafter of fuch ing or taking the charge or command of fuch flup or veflel, veflel, on its .(hall, immediately after the arrival of fuch (hip or veflel Into

any port of the (aid iflands, make a juft and true entry, upon thereof; oath, before the callc&or, or other principal officer, of fuch port,' of his (hip or .veflel, declaring of what country (he js built, bow manned, who was the mafter during the voyage, aad who are the owners thereof, and the purpofe for which be enters the (aid port, inorder that fuch (hip or veflel may undergo the torch and examination of the proper officers of his Mayfly’s cuftoms; and fuch mafter, or other perfon taking the and to anfwer chatge or command thereof, (hall truly anfwer upon oath to upon oath . fitch queftions touching and concerning the fame, as (hall he {|]^a2s (bill demanded of him by fuch coftc&or or other principal officer, ^demanded upon pain, for any default therein, that fuch mafter, pr other of him, on pe-pertoo having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or nalty of tool, veffei, (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds; and the Collector au-colleflor, or other principal officer of his Majcfty’s cuftoms at fitch port, is hereby authorifed and required to adminifter the ”|™nutcr bid oaths herein-brfore required to be taken.

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That there (hall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, unto A duty of and (or the ufe of his Majcfty, his heirs and fucccflors, a ton- *»• «d. to be

Z 4	nag#pa.d for every

Digitized by LjOOQle

334	Anno	viceGmo	o&avo Georg*! III. g* 6. [ 178ft.

ton burthen nage duty at and after the rate of two Chitlings and Gxpence fteri-?he unUed* inS> Pa}*aWe in dollars at the rate of five (hillings and Gxpence ttares coming Per ounce> for each and every tdn burthen of every (hip or vefiel to Turk s belonging to the inhabitants of the faid-united Gates of jtmeriA*, lflands. fo coming to the faid iflands called Turfa lp(kis\ and that the How the ton- tonnage of every fuch (hip or veflel (hall beafcertained by admem-nage is be af- furement, made by fuch officer or officers asUhall be appomtcfl certained. for pUrp0fe by the commiffioners of hirMajefiyfs cuGoOM in England' for the time being, or any four or more oftheWri; which faid officer or officers fo appointed as aforeixid (batted meafure filch (hip or veflel according tothe following TOetfcodJ videliettyd rop a plumb line over the of the (hip, and rac*v fure the diftance between fuch line and the afterpart of the ftern-poft at the load water mark ; then^meafure from che top of the faid plumb line, in a parallel direction with the watery to a perpendicular point immediately over the load water: merit at the fore-part of the main Gem; fubtrafling from fuch mea* furement the above diGance, the remainder will 'be the Grip's extreme length, from which is to be deducted three inches for every foot of the load draught of water^ for the rake abaft, and alfo three fifths of the (hip’s breadth for the Take forward, the remainder (hall be efleemed the juG length-of the keel, vo find the tonnage; and the breadth (hall be taken from outfide to outfide of the plank, in the broadefi part of the flup, cither above or below the main wales, exdufive of all manner of (heathing or doubling that may be wrought upon the fide of the (hip; then multiply the length of «ihe keel for tonnage by the breadth fo taken, and that product by half the breadth^ and dividing by ninety-four, the quotient (hall be deemed the true contents of the tonnage. -	•	*

VIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aibrefiiidi Tonnage du- That the full and true amount of the faid tonnage dutyv ftaf-ty to be paid certained as aforefaid, (hall be paid into the hand* of the col-(StTsVu^on ^e<^or his Majefty’s cuGoros in the-faid iflands reffaeAivdy, boardany vef- at the port or place wherein he frail be appointed to reGde* m fds, and to be any of the faid iflands before any fait frail be loaden or laidon underthe ma- b02fr(j 0f fuCh frip or veflel; and foeh-duty frail be under the the c^romif- managernent °f frc f*wl commiflioner&of his Majefty’s cuftoms, Turners of the and be raffed, levied, collected, paid^ and recovered, in fueh cuitoms, &c. arrd the like manner, arid by (bch and: the .like rules, ways, means, and methods refpedtivelyy and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, as any Other duties nbw payable to his Ms jefly on goods imported into any of *the (aid iflands, plantations, colonies, or territories belonging to dr under the dominion of his Majefty in America or thfe Wsjl Indies* *re or may be raifed, levied, colleded, paid, and recovered, by any a& or a<5ts of parliament now in force, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofcs, as if the feveral ebufes, powers*, directions, penalties, and forfeitures relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enatfted in thebddy of this prefect adf; and fuch duty frail, under fuch management, befobjed

to

Goode

1788.] Anno vicefimo oltavo Georgn HI. c. 6.	335

to the payment of the falaries of the officers and'other incidental charges of the port, and the refiduc be paid to the receiver-general of the cuHoms m England for the time being, to be paid by him into the receipt of his Majerty’s exchequer, under the head of confolidated cuftoms.

IX.	And be it further enadjted by the authority aforefaid,

That no goods or commodities whatfoever (hall be exported No goods, e*» from the laid illands called Turk’s IJlands, to any part of hi* crpt^Mo be Majedy’s dominions in Amtrica or the Wtjl , or (hall be TurkVl Quids lqadea or laid , on board any (hip. or veffel in the .(aid illands to hi* Majrf-called Turk's IJlands,for that purpofe, except fait % and that no ty’s domint-goods or commodities whatfoever (hall be exported from the on* faid iflands called Turk's	IJlands, to	Gnat B or , or indies, ”

(hall be loaden er laid on board, any (hip or vefTcl in the faid anij hoRooda iflands for that purpofe, except fait, and alfo except fuch goods to be export-and commodities as may now, or may hereafter be by law im- edfrom thofe ported into this kingdom from all other countries whatfoever, 'fl*nds to free of all duties, under the penalty of the forfeiture of all fuch goods or commodities as (hall be fo exported, loaden, or laid except fait’ on board, and of the (hip or vcflel in or on board of which the and fuch art*-fame (half be (o exported, loaden, or laid on board, and of all dea u mav her. guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel. . pLted from'

all countries duty-free, on penalty of forfeiture.

X.	And be it further enacted by . the authority aforefaid.

That no tobacco, pitch, tar, turpentine, hemp, flax,- marts. Tobacco, &c. yards, bowfprits, (laves, heading boards, timber, (hingles, or imported into lumber of any fort; bread, btfeuit, flour, peafe, beans, po- frjnfatfy fo-tatoet, wheat, rice, oats, barley, or grain of any fort, (hall reign Weft be imported or brought into any ifland, under the dominion of India idand to bis Majelly, in the Weft Indus (in which defeription the fid-*** ^>r*“ted* ham Iflands and the Btrtmtda or. Somers IJlands are included), jy ,el* from any ifland in the Weft Indus under the dominion of any * foreign European fovereign or (late, under the penalty of the . forfeiture thereof, and of the .(hip or veflel in which the fame (hall be imported or brought, together with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and. apparel} any law, cuftotn, at ufage, to the contrary notwithrtahding.

XI.	Provided always. That, it (hall and may be lawful, in In cafes of cafe of publick emergency or diftrefs, for any of the governors-, 'PtWWY lieutenant governors, or commanders in chief for the time be- of'he^rrtlih ing,' of any of the faid ifland* in the Weft Indies, under the do- Weft India minion of his Majelly, his heirs and fucceflors, with the advice illands, with and confeot of tbeir refpeflive councils, to authorize the im- consent of portatipn of tobacco, pitch, tar, turpentine, hemp, flax, mafts, mayauthorize sards, bowfprits, (laves, heading boards, timber, (hingles, or the imports-lumber of any fort; bread, bifcuir, flour, peafe, beans, pota-tion of pitch, toes, wheat, rice, oats, barley, or grain of any fort, for a li- ,r°™ mited time, from any ifland in the Weft , under the do- jf imported by minion of any foreign European fovereign or (late, for the fup- Brltifh fub-ply of the inhabitants of the faid iflands: and provided always, jeas.in Bri-That fuch goods land commodities) fo authorised to be import- tUhflups.

J	.	*	ed.

Digitized by

Google

33S	Anno vicefimo oftave Georgn IIL c.6.	[178ft.

cd, (hall not be imported, except by	(ubjefls,	and	is

Britijb-built (hips, owned by his Majefty’s fubjedts, and navigated according to law, under the penalty of the fopfataPe above-mentioned.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Good* iro-	That no goods or commodities whatever (hail be imported

ported	from any of the territories belonging to the (aid united ftatet,

ftate^kito ’n,° tlje province's of Nova Stotia, Or	tti

Nova Scotia, iflands bf ' Cape Breton,Saint John's, or Newfoundland, or ion ficc. txJ be torj any country -or Hland within their refpe&ive government*, up-«tedyjb der the penalty of the forfeiture thereof, together with the ftdp etc,™161’ w ve^ importing the fame, end ail her guns, furniture, aafe-munition, tackle, and apparel, in cage of XIH. Provided always, That it (hall and may be lawful,-!* emergency cafe of publick emergency or di ft refs, for any of the governor^ lieutenant governors, or commanders in chief for the (imehd-Ma, etc* with lnS> °f provinces! of Nova Scotia, or Now Brtmfwick, or of the content the iflands of Cape Breton, or Saint John's, with-the advice and of their count confent of their refpedlive councils, to authorise the import*? cil, rosy *u- tion of fcantling, piankty Saves, beading-boards, (hingtes, importation ’hoops, or fquared timber oif any fort; horfes, neat cattle, (heep, of fetntling, hogs, poultry, orliveftoek. of any fort) bread, bifeuir, fios*, etc, from the peafe, beans, potatoes, wheat, rice, oats, barley, or grain of united Sates, any fort, for a limited time, from any of the territories be-by^ntiflh longing, to the faid united dates, lor she fupply of the ioba&t-fubjefla in . rants ofthe (aid provinces, iflands, or countries refpedihrdf^ Btkiih (hips, and provided always, That fuch goods and commodities So ta> thorifed to he imported, (hall .not be imported, except by A#-tijh fubjedls, and in firifgft-built (hips, owned by hi* Msgeflyfc fubje<3s, and navigated according to law, under the penalty of the forfeiture above-mentioned: provided alfo. That it Atafl and may be lawful for his Majefty in council, by order or or-rifethegover- ders, to be iflued and publiflted from time to time, *0 aittbo nor of New- rife, or by warrant or warrants under his flgn manual, to im-ioundland, to power the governor of NewfouniUnd for the time being to **• fmportation «horife» in cafe of ncccffity, the importation into Nnv/ou/uiknd, of bread, etc, of bread, flour, Indian corn, and live flock, from any of Ac from the unit* territories belonging to the faid unked dates, for the Supply of ed dates, etc. the inhabitants and fithermen of the iflaod of NtwfoKtuHani, for the then enfuing feafon only : and provided always. That fodi bread, flour, Indian corn, and live flock, fo authorised to he Imported into the ifland of Newfoundland\ (hall not be imported, except in conformity to fuch rules, regulations, and reftridtions, as (hall be fpecified in fuch order or orders, warrant or warrants refpedtively, and except hy Britijb fuhjedhj and in Britijb-built (hips, owned by his Maje&y’s fubye&a, and navigated according to law, under the penalty of the forfeit ture above-mentioned.

XIV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That no goods or commodities whatever (hall be imported from any of the territories belonging to the united dates oiJmerics,

by

Digitized by Google

Hi* Majefty in Council may autho

No foods to

he imported from the

*

1788.] Anno vkefimo oftavo Georgii III. C. 7.	337

by fez, or coaftwife, into the province of Quebec, or into the united date* rountries or iflands within the government thereof, or up the hy •iver Saint Lawrence from the fea, under the penalty of the Quebec* ete. forfeiture therebf, together with the fhip or veflel importing * he fame, and all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, ind apparel.

XV.	And be it farther enafted by the authority aforefeid, riiat nothing in this a<51 contained mall extend, or be con- This aft not / trued to extend, to repeal an aft palled in the lad feffion of	,

nrliatnent (intituled. An ad for allowing ibe importation and ex- c- ,7. ' *’ urtation ef certain goods, wares, end merchandifes, in the ports of Kingfton, Savannah 'La Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the ifknd of Jamaica j in the port of Saint George, tie ,

/Grenada ; m tit port of Rofeau, in tie ifland/Dominica;

and in tie	port/Naf&u,	in the ifland of New Providence, one of

the Bahama iflands; under certain regulations and	$

but that the fame, and every provifion thereof, (hall continue

and remain to be in force, and of the fame effeft, as if this ad

had never been made.

XVi. And be it further enafted by the authority gforefaid.

That all and every the goods or commodities, and'all fhips or By whoa veflela forfeited by this ad, lhall and may be feized by the commander or commanders of any of his Majefty’s fhips, or veflds of war, or any commiffioned, warrant, or petty officer, fpedaBy authorifed by him or them, or by any officer or officers ofnis Majefty’s cuftoms; and that every forfeiture and pe- How fiosfci- • naky incurved by this •ad fKadl and may refpeftively be fued for, profpcuted, and recovered, in fuch courts, and by fuch^*®^“*“4 and the tike ways, means, and methods, and the produce " thereof refpeftively difpofed of and applied in fuch and the like manner, and to fuch and the like ufes and purpofes, as any forfeiture incurred by any law refpefting the revenue of the cuftoms may now be fued for, profecuted, or recovered, difpofed	df, and applied, either in this kingdom, or in any of

hit Majefty’s dominions in North America, or the Weji refpeftively, as the cafe may happen to be,

XVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That this aft lhall commence and be in force from and after AS to com-the fourth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and eighty- Aprils 1788. eight.	P	*

CAP. VII.

Ar. (tB to amend, and render more effectual an ad,

Kentb year cf -bislate majtjiy King George the Second, intituled.

An aft to prevent the counterfeiting of gold and filver lace, and,for fettling and adjulting the proportions of fine filver and filk, and for the better making of gold and filver thread.

117 H E Rf AS hy an ad, mactein year of the Preamble. W reign pf bis late majefty King GeorgeSecond,	xj	Geo.	».

An a& to prevent tbc counterfeiting Of gold and filver lacej and c. so.

.....	fpr

Digitized by Google

33*	Anno	vlcefimo oftavo Georgii'J1L cr 7.	[17JS,

for fettling and adjufling the proportions of fine Giver and filk; and for the better making of gold and filver thread,) if is (amongft other things) enabled, That, from and after the for ft tin of July one thoufand feven hundred and forty-two* all copper, bryffa and every other metal inferior to filver, Jball be /pup upon tfrnaftf jtar/i, or inkle only,	7*0/	mixed,	wove, wrought,	oryfit

upon folk, upon pain that each and every perfon offending tbmm *r~ ‘ - fall forfeit and pay the fum of five fallings for each and ramp • ' - ounce fofpun, mixed, wove, wrought, *r: <nsr^

tfJ, notwithftatiding the faid recited aft, great frauds have been earn-mi tied by copper or other baft metal being woven or mixed witbftt, and worked up in imitation of gold lace ; and it hath alfo been a furnace for perfons to gild and filver copper, brafs, or other baft mid, and to fpin or weave the fame upon [ilk, thread, yarn, or inkle,

. to work up the fame in imitation oft and to min the fame with gfod and filver lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, and baitem, which have been fo exaflh counterfeited, that the publick have Ijf* greatly impofed upon thereby, which tends to the difeouragement^ns well of the'manufacture as of the exportation thereof, and to tbeqfo and wear therebf at borne, to the great diminution of the bullim if this kingdojn, inafmuch whatever is ufed in gilding or fofopmg - / copper is never recovered, and alfo in diminution ff his Majeftfs revenue: for remedy whereof, be it enadted by the King’s iqoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of ibj? lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefect taUo be fbun parliament affembled, and by the authority of the feme, 131at upon thread, from and after the palling of this adt, all copper, brafs,. gdd yam, or inkle every other metal inferior to filver, (hall be fpun upon only,.	thread, yarn, or inkle only, and not fpun, mixed, worn,

wrought, or fet upon filk; and that no' perfon or peefeos whomfoever (hall fell or offer or expofe to fale, or export* spy copper, brafs, or other metal inferior to filver, which lhiiBJx fpun, mixed, woven, wrought, or fet upon filk, upon pain on penalty of that each and every perfon offending therein (hall forfeit'

51.	per ounce, an(| pay thc fum of five pounds for one ounce, or any quantity lefs than one ounce, and the further fum of five pounds frounce for each’and every quantity exceeding one ounce, which (hall be fo fpun, mixed, woven, wrought, or fet upon | filk, or fold, or offered or expofed to fale, or exported as aforc-faid, to be recovered and difpofed of as herein-after is mentioned ; and, for default of paying down the penalty upon con-vidlion, (hall be committed, by the court in which judgement (hall be given thereon, to the houfe of correction for the county, city, liberty, or place, where fuch perfon or perfons (hall be fo convidted, there to remain, and to he kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding the fpace of fix months, nor . lefs than three months, ot untilpayment be made of the faid and forfeiture penalty; and alfo upon pain that all filch copper, braf$j or pf toe metal, other metal inferior to filver, which (hall be fo fpunt mixed, woven, wrought, or fet upon filk, or fold, or offered or expofed to fale, or exported as aforefeidj (hall be* forfeited, one

moiety

Digitized by

3 39

ty88.] Anno vicefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 7.

moiety thereof to the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof to fuch perfon- or perfons as (haU file for the faiiie.

ll. And he' it further enaCtcd by the authority aforefaid.

That, from arid after the pafling of this aft, no metal inferior No to filver, which (hall be gilt and drawn into wire, or flatted in*- ^wnorfat-to phte, ftiall be fpun or wrought into or upon, or mixed with tC(j for lace, fringe, chrd, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, inglace, made in the gold'and filver lace manufactory, or fet upon (ilk, or made into bullion, fpangles, or purl, or any other materials ufed or to be ufed in the making or manufacturing of lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, made in the gold and filver lace manufactory, or in imitation of lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, made in tbe gold and filver lace manufactory, or of any of the materials ufed or to be ufed in the making or manufacturing thereof, or of any of them; and that no perfon or perfons whomsoever (hall fell, or offer or expofe to fale, or export, any metal inferior to filver, which (hall be gilt and drawn into wire, or flatted into plate, and fpun or woven, or wrought into or upon, or mixed with lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, made in the gold and filver lace manufactory, or fet upon filk, or made into bullion, fpangles, or purl, or any other materials ufed or to be ufed in the making or manufacturing of lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, made in«the gold and filver lace manufactory as aforefaid, or which (hall imitate, or be meant or intended to imitate, lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons made in the gold and filver lace manufactory, or any of the materials ufed or to be ufed in the making or manufacturing thereof, or of any of them, upon pain that each and every per- on ptnalty of fen offending therein (hall forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds jl« per ounce, for one ounce, or any quantity lefs than one ounce, and the further fum of five pounds per ounce for each and every quantity exceeding one ounce, which (hall be fo fpun or wrought into or upon, or mixed with lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, made in the gold and filver lace manufactory, or fet upon filk, or made into bullion, fpangles, or purl, or any other materials ufed or to be ufed in the making or manufacturing of lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, made in the gold and filver lace manufactory, or in imitation of lace, fringe, cord,, embroidery, tambour work, or button*, made in the gold and filver lace manu* fa&ory, or of any of the materials ufed or to be ufed in the making or manufacturing thereof, or of any of them, or fold, or offered or expofed to Tale, or exported as aforefaid; and for default of paying down the penalty oh conviction, (hall be committed, by the eourt in which judgement /hall be given thereon, to the houfe of correction for the county, city, liberty, or place, where fuch perfon or perfons lhall be fo convicted, there to remain, and to be kept to hard labour, for any time

not

Digitized by

and forfeiture of the metal*

Anno viccfimo o&avo GeorgiiIII. tvf. [<?**■

not exceeding the fpace of fix month*, nor left than months, or until payment be made of the (aid penalty ^ alfo upon pain that all fuch metal inferior to filver, which ' be gilt ^nd fo fynm of wrought into or upon*, or mixed lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or made in/the gold and filver lace manufadory, or fet upon br made mo bullion, fpangles, *or purl, or any other I ufcd or to be ufed m the making or manufacturing «f fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, MP in the gold and filver lace manufactory, or in imitation if Mb fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, laeWl the gold and fiivcr lace manufadory, or of any of the rials ufed or to be ufed m the making or manufaduring IMQfe of, or of any of them, or fold, or offered or expofed to faffc or exported as aforefaid, (hall be forfeited, one moiety theartff to the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the otMf moiety thereof to fuch perfon or perfons as fhalJ fue for tie fame.

III.	And be it further cnaded by the authority aforefaid* To limit the That, from and after the palling of this ad, no copper, brafs* proportion of or other metal, which fhall be filvered and drawn into wire, at hcMw°W flatted into plate, or made into bullion, fpangles, or purl, of wire,PP€ any other materials ufed or to be ufed in the making or maim* fadoring of lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work* Of buttons, made in the gold and filver lace manufadory, or 4 imitation of lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work* Of buttons, made in the gold and filver lace manufadory, or if any of the materials ufed or to be ufed in the making or tfiaiMfe* faduring thereof, or of any of them, fhall hold more, or bra* a higher or greater proportion than three pennyweight of 6a* filver upon or to the pound weight avoirdupois of fuch coppxfe brafs, or other metal $ and that no perfon or perfons whoiulip* ever fhall fell, or offer or expofc to fale, or export, aoy cop* per, brafs, or other metal, which (hail be filvered and draw* into wire, or flatted into plate, or made into bullion, (pan* gles, or purl, or any other materials ufed or to be ufed in tb# making or manufaduring of lace, fringe, cord, embroidery* tambour work, or buttons, made in the gold and filver lace manufadory, or in imitation of lace, fringe, cord, embroidery* tambour work, or buttons, made in the gold and filver itcd manufadory, or of any of the materials ufed or to be ufed in the making or manufaduring thereof, or of any of them, and which (hall hold more, or bear a higher' or greater proportion than three pennyweight of fine filver upon or to the pound weight avoirdupois of fuch copper, brafc, or other metal, upon on penalty of pain that each and every perfon offending therein, fhall fortius jl. perounce, and pay the fum of five pounds for one ounce, or any quantity lefs than one ounce, and the further fum of five pounds pir ounce for each and every quantity exceeding, one ounce, whxii (hall hold more, or bear a higher or greater proportion than three pennyweight of fine filver opon or to the pound weight

avoir-

^	Digitized	by Google

x	}88.]Anno vicfefimb o£Uvo Georgii UK c. 7. 441

avoirdupois of fuch copper, brifs, or other metal, or (ball be

fold, or offered or expofed to file, or exported as aferefaid; and

for default of paying down the penalty upon conviction, (hall

be committed, by the court in which judgement (hall be given

thereon, to the houfe of correction of the county, city, liberty, or

plt&e, where fuch perfon or perfons (hall be fo convicted, there

to remain, and be kept to hard labour, for any time not cxj

ceeding the fpace of fix months, nor lefs than three months, or

until payment be made of the faid penalty; and alfo upon pain and forfeiture

that all fuch copper, brafs, or other metal, which (hall hold oftl|c metal.

more, or bear a higher or greater proportion than three penny*

weight of fine filver upon or to the pound weight avoirdupoit

of luch copper, brafs, or other metal, or be fold, or offered

or expofed to fale, or exported, as aforefaid, (hall be forfeit-

ed, one moiety thereof to the King’s majefty, his heirs and fuc-

ceflors, and the other moiety thereof to fuch perion or per*

ions as (hall fue for the fame.

IV.	And be it further enaCted by the' authority aforefaid.

That from and after the palling of this aCl, no copper, brafs, No bare me-or other metal inferior to filver, whether the fame be gilt, or tal to. he mix-filvered, or darned, or coloured, or otherwife, (hall be worked e4* up or mixed with gold or filver, in any manufacture of lace, °r * fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, made in the gold and filver lace manufactory} and that no perfon or perfons whomfoever (hall fell, or offer or expofe to (ale, or export, any copper, brafs, or other metal inferior to filver, whether the fame be gilt, or filvered, or ftained, or coloured, or otherwife, which (hall be worked up or mixed with gold or filver, in any manufacture of lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, made in tbe gold and filver lace manufactory, upon pain that each and every perfon offending Penalty of 51. therein, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds for one l*r ouncc* ounce, or any quantity lefs than one ounce, and the further fum of five pounds per ounce for each and every quantity exceeding one ounce of fuch lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, made in the gold and filver lace manufactory, which (hall be fo worked up, or mixed, or fold, or offered or expofed to fale, or exported, as aforefaid; and for default of paying down the penalty upon conviction, (hall be committed, by the court in which judgement (hall be given thereon, to the houfe of correction for the county, city, liberty, or place, where fuch perfon or perfons (hall be convicted, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding the fpace of fix months, nor lefs than three months, or until payment be made of the faid penalty, and alfo upon and forfei-pain that all fuch lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour tur* ®fthc work, or buttons, which (hall be fo worked up, or mixed, or mct • fold, or offered or expofed to fale, or exported, as aforefaid,

(hall be forfeited, one moiety thereof to the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and the other moiety thereof to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall fue Cor the fame.	»

V.	Ami

Digitized by

Google

34*

Forfeitures, half to the King and half to the informer.

Perfons fued may plead the general iffiie,

and recover treble cofts.

Limitation of altioiu.

Publick adt.

Preamble.

14 Geo. felT. *. c. %s, recited.

Anno vicefimo odtavo GboRGII 111. c.8. f ryW.

V.	And he it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That

all forfeitures and pecuniary penalties hereby impofed (hall be divided and diftributed in manner following; (that is to jap) one moiety thereof (hall belong to the King’s majefty, his kon and fucceubrs, and the other moiety thereof, with full coftsef 'fait, to the perfon or perfons who (hall inform or fue for the fame in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weflmiuftir% by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no eflbin,* protedtion, privilege, or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.	1

VI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Thatt if any perfon or perfons (hall be (ued or profecuted for what her or they (hall do in the execution of this adt, he or they may plead the general iflue, and give this adt and the fpccia! mauer; in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become ooa-fuit, or (hall difeontinue his or their adtion or actions, or If a verdidt (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall recover treble colts, for which there (hall be the like remedy as in other cafes where cofts are allowed to defendants.

VII.	Provided always, That every adtion, bill, plaint, or information, to be had, brought, fued, commenced, or ex* lubited for any penalty or forfeiture incurred, for or by rcafon of any offence committed againft this adt, (hall be had, brought, commenced, fued, or exhibited, within fix calendar months next after the offence committed, or after the difeovery thereof.

VIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefeki, That this adt (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a pub-Jick a61; and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juft ices, and other perfons whomfoever, without fpecial-ly pleading the fame.

C A P. VIII.

An afl for removing any doubt refpefling the power of the commijju*-ers for the affairs of India, to direfl that the expenee of raijmg, tranfporting, and maintaining, futb troops as may be judged neuf fary for the fecurity of the Britifh territories and pojfejjtcns in tbt Eaft Indies, Jhould be defrayed out of the revenues arifing frmtbe faid territories and pojfejfions; and for limiting the application of the faid revenues in the manner therein mentioned.

WH E R E A S, by an afl pajfed in the twenty-fourth year of tie reign of his prej'ent Majtjly, (intituled, An adt for the better regulation and management of the affairs of the Eaft Indio company, and of the Britijb poffeflions in India; and for efta-blifhing a court of judicature for the more fpeedy and effcdtual trial of perfons accufed of offences committed in the Eaft Indies), his Majefty is empowered to nominate and appoint a board of emmf-fionersjor the affairs of India; and whereas, by the laid afl, the faid board of commijjioners is invefted with thefuperinteniance and eontrni over all the Britifh territorial poffeffms m the Eaft Indies, and over

Digitized by

Google

343

yySt) Anno vlccfimo txftavo GeoRGii III. c. 3.

tb affairs of the united company of merchants trading thereto, in the manner in the faid aft directed j and is likewije authorifed and em-ffu/trtifrom time to time tofuperintend% direct, and controul all ads% operations, and concerns, which in any wife relate to the civil or military government or revenues of the faid poffiffons, in the manner in the faid aft dire died: and whereas the court of directors of the faid company is required by the faid ad to pay due obedience to, and to be govermd and bound by, fucb orders and directions as the fetid court /ball from time to time receive from the faid boards touching the civil br military government and revenues of the faid poffeffions: and where-as, never t he lefs, doubts have been raijed, whether the faid commif-fioners arc, tinder the faid aCly empowered at any time to dire Cl y that the expente of raifing, tranfporting9 and maintaining fuch forces as may be judged neccjjhry for the fecurity of the Bririfh territories and pojjifjions in the Ealt Indies, /hall be defrayed out of the revenues arifing from the faid territories and pofffftQnsy nnlefs fuch troops are fent at the exprefs requifition of the Eaft India company \ and particularly whether, under the circumjlances now exijlingY the faid commiffioners are not refrained^ by-certain proviftons contained in the faid aCtyfrom giving fuch dire Chons with rejpeCi to the expence of raifmg, tranfportingy and maintaining any forces which may be fent to India for the fecurity of the faid pcjjeffions, in addition to the forces now there: and whereas it appears tbaty by reafet: of the faid doubt sy the faid directors have delayed to take meafures for tranjporting in the faid company s (hips the forces which his Majejly has judged neceffary to be fent to India for the fecurity of the faid poffeffions: therefore, for obviating every fuch doubt, may it pleafe your Majefy that it may be enaCled and declared; and be it ena&ed and declared by the King’s moft excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirituai and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament af-(cmbled, and by the authority of the fame,That the faid board of Boardof ccm-commiflioncrs for the affairs of India was and is by the faid n£t	under

fully authorifed and empowered to order and direct that all the fhe^ecited C expences incurred, or to be hereafter incurred, for railing, tranf- a<5t,empower-poning, and maintaining fuch forces as (hall be fent to India for ed to direct all the fecurity of the faid territories and pofleflions, lhall be paid, ^^nce^or dcfrayed,andborne out of the revenues arifing from the faid terri- forceflent\o tones and pofieffions; and that nothing in the faid a<51 contain- India, to be cd extended or extends, or lhall be conftrued to extend, to re- defrayed out ftra'm or to have retrained the faid commifiioners from giving ^ fuch orders or dire&ions as aforefaid, with refpedt to the expence territories6 t>f raifing, tranfporting, atid maintaining any forces which may there, be fent to India for the fecurity of the faid pofieffions, in addition to the forces now there.

II. Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it lhall not be lawful for the faid commifiioners to Commifiion-give or approve any fuch dire<f\ion as aforefaid, with refpe£t to ^j^^n^tor the payment of any greater number of his Majefty’s forces than ?h7payment (hall amount in the whole to eight thoufand and forty-five men, of a greater including the Commiflioned and non-commillioned officers ; or number of of the European forces of the Eqfl India company, than lhall

Vol. XXXVI,	A	a	amount	pcc	*

Digitized by

Google

344	Anno vicefimo o&avq GeoRGii III. p. 9. [ 1788,

amount in the whole to twelve thoufand two hundred men, in* eluding the commiffioned and non-commiffioned officers.

III.	And whereas it is expedient that further provifions Jbould he made for limiting the application of the faid revenues, with refpeQ to the ejiablijbed falaries and allowances to be paid there form to any per-A- tn India, and with refpeft to any extraordinary allowances or gratuities to he paid therefrom to any perfon on account of fervius performed in India$ be it therefore further enaded by the authority Commiflion* aforefaid, That it (hall not be lawful for the cotnmiffioners for m not to give the affairs of India to give, or caufc to be given, any directions, increafine fa- or^cr'nS or authorifmg, bv any difpatches to be fent to India, lanes beydnd the increafe of the eftablifoed falaries, allowances, or emolu-the amount ments of any office in the fervice of the faid company, beyond fixed by or- the amount to which the fame are now fixed by the orders which havebeenfent ^ave ^cen ^cnt to unlek fuch increafe (hall be fpecified and to India, un- contained in feme difpatch propofed by the faid court of di reclefs propofed tors to be fent to India, and tranfmitted by them to the /aid by the direc- commiffioners for their approbation j and unlefs an account of tors, &c. the altual falaries, allowances, and emoluments of fuch office, and of the ipereafe oropofed to be made therein, with the reafons for fuch increafe, (hall have been laid before both houfes of parliament thirty days befbre fuch difpatch (hall be fent.

Commiffion- IV. And be it further enabled, That it (hall not be lawful for ers not to give the faid gommiffioners to give, or caufe to be given, any direc-M^me^nt of °r t*on f°r payment of *ny extraordinary allowance or gratuity any*gratuity, from the revenues, to any perfon, on account of fervices but fuch as7' performed in India, or on any other account whatever, to any fhall be fpeci- greater amount, or to any other perfon, than (hall be fpecified fiCf h°so"o- anc* co,lta*ncd ^omc difpatch propofed by the faid court of <fi-pofedty the re<^ors to be fent to India, and tranfmitted by them to the faid directors,&c. commiffioners for their approbation; and that in every cafe where any fuch diredlions (hall be lb eiven, a diftind* account of all fuch allowances or gratuities (hall oe added to the next lid of eftablj foments laid before parliament by the faid court of directors.

Directors to V. An^ be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That hV'd'S* ^ireflors °f l^e united company (hall, within the fir# liamenun*an- fourteen fitting days after the firft day of February in every year, nual account lay before each of the two houfes of parliament refpeflively, an of the pro- account (made up according to the lateft advices) of the annual r *veC °eah<f PT0Cluce of the revenues (diftinguifoing the fame under the feveral the^refpec- heads thereof) at their feveral prefidencies refpedlivcly, and erf tive prefiden- the annual dilburfements at each of the faid prefidencies and fet-cies, &c. tlements refpedtively (diftinguifoing the fame under the feveral heads thereof), and or the amount of the bond and other debts at each of the faid prefidencies refpedively, the rate of intereft which fuch debts refpedtively carry, and the annual amount of fuch intereft.

CAP. IX.

An a6t for enabling the right honourable George earl Brooke and carl of Warwick, to build a new bridge over the river Avon, in the borough of Warwick) and to open proper rodBs and ways thereto.

Digitized by L )Qie

S4S

17&8.] AnnO vicdBrao o&avo GfioRdll III. c. io—17.

CAP. X,

An aft for putting down the church of Saint James at Clerkenwell, In « the county of Middidex, and for building a new church, and making « new church-yard, or cemetery, in the faid fuciiht with convenient avenues and paiTageg ^hereto.

CAP. XI.

An for defraying the charge of the par and cloatbing of the militia* io that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning ^ the twenty-fifth day of March oticthotuand fcvtn hundred and tighty-eight.

CAP* Xtt.

An ad fot pcfcifhlhg mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.*—^-Number of fbrees 17,697, including i&i 0 invalids.

CAP. XIII.

Ad ad for enlarging and varying fbW^of the powers contained in certain ads of parliament relating to the watching, lighting, and deanf-fng the ftreets and other places within the town of Liverpool, gnd for armoring and preventing nlhfrncot *nd annoyances therein.

CAP. XIV.

Aw ad for more effedfrtally draining and preferring certain fen lands and low prowads io the manor or townihip of North Kyme, in the oonaty of Lincoln.

CAP* XV.

An ad for fopplyfng with water the town of South Shields, mid parti ■ adjacent, and the Slipping referring to the find town.

Cap. xvi.

An ad for repelling art ad, made in the fecund and third years of the neigft of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, An ad again ft the carrying of white aihes oiit of the realm.

- C'AP. XVII.

An aB for the better regulation of the manufaBurt of ounce thread.

WHEREAS the variety of reels ufed> and the methods prac- Preamble.

tifed, in making up ounce or nun's thread, for fale, have of late introduced great Uncertainty, and given opportunity to many frauds ruinous to the fair trader, ana to that Valuable manufacture: for re-needy whereof may it pleaft your Majejly that it may be enabled\ and be it enadted by the King’s moil excellent mljefty* by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and common*, in this prefent parliament aifembled, and by the authority of the fame* That, from and after the firft day of June, in From fitnc r, the year one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-eight, the reel 1788, reels of ufed in reeling or'making up that kind of thread commonly cal- J.cfs circum-lcd Ounce or Nun's Thread, (hall be one yard, or thirty-fix inches ^yard, ufed in circumference $ and that fuch perfon or perfons who (hall ;n making thereafter ufe, in reeling or making up ounce or nun’s thread* ounce thread, in? red or reals left than one yard or thirty-fix inches in t6°c^rfcit.cd» 1	Ailcir-andalf0*1'

Digitized by

Google	jt

[1788.

In what man ncr ounce thread ie t made up.

Anno vicefimo o&avo Georgii III, c. 17. circumference, and (hall be convicted thereof in manner . herein-after mentioned, (hall forfeit the reel or reels ib ufed, which (hall be broken, burnt, and deftroyed, and (hall alfo pay for every fuch offence, to the perfon 6r perfons who.(hall inform and fue for the fame, the fum of five pounds, to be levied in manner alfo herein-after mentioned.

II. And be it enaCied by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the faid firft day of Juney all ounce or nun’s thread madcuDt0bC manufa&ured in Great Britain, (hall be made up in hanks, ounces, quarters, and pounds, avoirdupoife weight, each hank containing thirty threads or rounds of the faid reel of one yard or thirty-fix inches in circumference, of the fame quality and finenefs ; and each ounce containing a particular number of fuch hanks entire, of the fame quality and finenefs, and no fradtons or broken parts of a hank; and each quarter containing four fuch ounces, of the fame quality and finenefs; and each pound containing four fuch quarters, of the fame quality and finenefs; and the cover of each pound or finaller package of fuch thread (hall be marked with a (lamp, ascertaining* the contents of fuch package to be ounce or nun’s thread, and fpecifying the number of hanks in each ounce thereof, and expreffing the manufacturer’s name and place of abode: and that no perfon or perfons what-foever (hall, from and after the faid firft day of June, reel or make up any fuch thread in any other or different manner than as aforefaid, or fell or expofe to {ale any ounce or nun’s thread manufactured in Great Britainr but fuch as is reeled, made up, Perfons raak- and damped in.manner aforefaid ; and that luch perfon or perfons UP ounce who, after the faid firft day of June^ (hall reel or make up any trary hereto	lhread	*n	another or different manner than as aforefaid, or

or felling the who (hall fell, or expofe to fale, any fuch thread of the manufac-fame, to for- ture of Great Britain, fo reeled or made up in another or dif-feitthe ferent manner than as aforefaid, knowing the fame to be fo im-amfiol.for properly reeled or made up, and (hall be convicted thereof as each pound herein-after mentioned, (hall forfeit and pay to the perfon or per-weight there- fons Who (hall inform and fue for the fame, the thread fo reeled °f»	or made up contrary to the intent and meaning of this aCt, and

the fum of ten pounds for each pound thereof, avoirdupoife Not to extend weight, to be levied .in manner after mentioned: provided alto thread of Ways, That nothing in this aCt contained fhall be extended to the hank 8 m fuch ounce or nun’s thread, of forty threads in the hank, as manufactured (hall be bona fide manufactured and made up and on hand at the prior to June faid firft day of June one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight.

III.	And be it cnaCted by the authority aforefaid. That fuch perfon or perfons who (hall imitate or counterfeit the mark or (lamp ufed by any manufacturer of fuch thread, in order to feme, and the make the thread therewith damped pafs for the manufacture of thread,aaalfo the perfon whofe damp is fo counterfeited, or who (hall mark or (lamp any thread with a ftamp fo counterfeited, or who (hall fell, or expofe to fale, any thread fo marked with a counterfeit ftamp, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, and (hail be con-

viCkcd

i,1788. Perfons counterfeiting damps, See. to forfeit the

lol.

Digitized by

Googk

1788.] AiuiO:viccfimoofikgvo<5EORGii III. •€•iji	347

yided thereof in mapner after meftfioned, (hall, in every fuch cafe, forfeit all fuch damp or (lamp*, to be broken and dedroy-ed, and (hall alfb forfeit, to and fqr the ufe of the perfon whofe (lamp is fo counterfeited, the thread fo damped with fuch counterfeited damp, and the fum of ten pounds, to be levied in manner herein-after mentioned,

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That it (hall and may be lawful for any two or mptc judices of Juftices may the peace of the county, riding, division, city, town, or place, determine of-withir. which any offence againd this adt (hall be committed, or fences againft within which the offenders (hall refide or be found, to hear and 1 18 a * determine all offences againd this adt; and fuch judices are hereby impowered and required, on information exhibited, or complaint to them made in writing in that behalf, to fummon the party ac-cufed, and alio the witnefles on either fide, and to examine into the matter, and upon proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confeflion, or by examination of the party accufed, or by the oath of two or more credible witnefles, to give judgement for the forfeitures and penalties, according as in and by this adl; is diredled, and to iffue their warrant for carrying fuch fentences into execution, and for levying the penalties by didrefs and fale (if not redeemed within ten days) of the offender’* jgooxls or effedls, rendering the overplus, if any (hall be, after deducing the charge of fuch didrefs and fale, to the owner or owners thereof* and in cafe fuch goods or effects cannot be found fuf- andmaycom-ficicnt for payment of the (aid penalties, then to commit the of- “I* fender or offenders to the gaol of the county, riding, divifion, MWngpenal-city, town, or place, where the offence (hall be committed, ties, * there to remain for the fpace of three months, unlefs fuch penalties be fooner paid and fatisfied * and if any perfon or per- Perfons ag-foris (full find him or themfelves aggrieved by the judgement of grieved may any fuch judices, then he or they (hall or may, upon giving fe- ^nera^quar-curity to make good the fentence, and to pay fuch cods as (hall feffions. bcoidered in cafe fuch judgement (hall be affirmed, appeal to the judices of the peace at the next general quarter feffions for fush county, riding, divifion, city, town, or place, who are hereby impowered to fummon and examine witnefles upoa oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame* and in cafe the judgement (hall be affirmed, it (hall be lawful for fuch judices to order the appellant to pay fuch cods, occafioned by fuch appeal, as to them (hall feem meet.

V.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That it (hall be law- Penalties may ful to, and in the power of the faid judices of the peace, and alfo ** mitigated, of the faid quarter feffions, to modify arid mitigate the faid

penalties, in fuch manner as to them (hall feem expedient, provided that fuch penalties (hail in no cafe be reduced below one half, and the full cods of the profecution.

VI.	And be it enadfed by the authority aforelhid. That if any Witnefles not perfon or perfons (hall he fummoned as a witnefs or witnefles, attending, to. to give evidence before fuch judices of the peace, touching any forfcit $*•

of the matters relative to this ad*, either on the part of the pro-Aa3	fecutor.

Digitized by LjOOQle

34«

Onus Pro-bandi to lie upon the. owner of the thread.

Annarkefimo oftavo Gsorgii lit. c.	[1788.

feeutor, Or the perfon or perfons accufed, and (hall negledk or refufe to appear at the time and place to be for that porpofe ap« pointed, without a reafonable excufe for foch his, her, er their negleft or refufal, to be allowed by fuch jufticea of the peace be* fore whom the profecution (hall be depending, that then every fuch perfon (hall, for every foch offence, forfeit, to and for the tlfe of the profecutor, the fum of five pounds, to be levied and paid in fuch manner and by fuch means as is hereiir-before directed as to other penalties, befides being liable to be compelled to appear and give evidence by means of another fumtnosu, under the like penalty, or any other-means known and pra&fed in the law in fimilar cafes.

VII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That when any thread (hall “be feized in purfoance of the powers contained in this aft, and it (hall be alledged or pleaded that fuch thread is of foreign manufacture, the Qmu Probandi (hall lie upon the owner of foch thread; and if the owner of fuch thread (hall foil in fuch proof, the thread <b feized (hall be forfeited, and the owners made liable to the penalty before mentioned.

CAP. XVIII.

An aft for railing a certain Turn of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the fenrice of the year one tboniand feven hundred and eighty* eight.—*-3,500,000!. to be taifed by this aft.

CAP. XIX.

An aft for raifing a further fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the ferrice of the year one thouland (even hundred and eighty* eight.---a,ooo,ooql. to be railed by this aft,in manner as by malt aft.

CAP. XX.

An aft for amending an aft made in the twenty fixth year of bis fire-fent Majeflys reign, for the encouragement of the fouthem whale fifllery$ and for making further proviftons for that purpoft,

Preamble. \\f HEREAS by an aft made and pojfed in the twenty fixtb *6 Geo. 3.	V V. year of the reign of bis prefent Mojejiy,	(intituled, An a#

c. jo, recited, for the encouragement of the fouthern whale fifhery), certain premiums, for a limited time, are allowed to twenty /hips or vffels employed in the fmd fi/bery* under the limitations and reflriftions in the fold aft contained: and whereas for fifteen of fuch Jbips or vejfels the premiums are to be allowed, on condition that t hey/ball have been fitted and cleared out, conformably to the dirtftions of the faid aft* after the firfi day i?/May W before the firjl day of September one thoufand feven Imndred and fightyfix, and between the firfi day of May and the ’ firfi day of September in each fucceeding year, and /ball return into fome port of Great Britain bfore the firfi day of July, in tbewr fubfequent to that in which they cleared out; and to five other ofjucb Jbips or vejfels the premiums are to be allowed* on condition that fuch Jbtps or vtffUs /bad have been fitted and cleared out, conformably to fbe directions of the find reeked aft? and fimll Jail within the tom

herein•

Google

Aimer victfGnfJ0( 6^b[V(TGEoit6i^ III. C.20.	345

htrein-befort mdntioned, and/ball return into forhe po(t in Great Britt* ti hi not lift than eighteen months, And not more thdn twenty-eight monthsfront tie fit ft day 0/May in they eat in which they cleared out ; and whereas it is expedient that the fetid recited aft Jhould be amended, m regard to the times when the Jhips or veffels proceeding on the /aid fi/hety ate required to clear out from and to return to Great Britain;

And it is alfo proper that further inducements Jhould be held out to en-courage and extend the JaidfiJhery; may it therefore pleafeyottr Ma-jeflj that it rnay he enabled *, and be it enadted by the King’* mod excellent tnajefty, by and with the advice and confetti: of the! lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in ffii* pfelertf parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, Thar, from .From April and after the fifteenth day of April in the prefent ytut one thou- 15* *7##* the fand (even hundred arid eighty-eight, the refpefiive premiums, granted by the faid recited adt to the fifteen (hips or veffetetoss it therein particularly mentioned, (hall, during the time for fhipg, flull be which the faid premiums are granted by the faid ad, be paid andf allowed to allowed to Arch fifteen (hips or veffels as (hall be fitted and clear- *uchJi!cIcar ed out, under the conditions, regulation*, and reftridtions of (hat fo^aS the laid ad, between the* faid fifteenth day of April and the firft Nov. 1,17s#/ day of November, in the prefent year one thoufand feven hundred and between dnd eighty-eight, and between the firft day of January and the J*0, *»?n* firft day of November in tOcty fucceeding year, and (hall return ^^Vuc-tofotne port in Great Britain on or before the firft day of Sep* ccedmg year, (ember, in the year ftibfequent to that in Which fuch (hips or and return by veffels (hall have been fitted and cleared out; and that the re- •fPt* ?»thc

Sfdtiv'e premiums, granted by the faid recited ad to the five	thd

ips or veflels as therein particularly mentioned, (halt, during premiums the fame period, be paid' arid allowed to fiich five (hips or vel- granted to s fels as (hall be fitted and cleared out, in like manner, between i*fP9 jjjan ** Ae faid fifteenth day of April and the firft day of November, in clw Ae prefent year one thoufand fevert hundred and eighty-eight, out within the arid between the firft day of January and the firft day of Noverti- fame periods her in every fucceeding year, and which (hall return to feme *”d return by port in Great Britain on or before the thirty-firft day of Decern-ter, in the year fubfequent to that in which fuch (hip or vd&I quent to their (hail have been fitted and cleared out, but not in lefs time than clearing otit. fourteen months* from the clearing out of fuch (hip or veffei.

If. And, for the further encouragement and extenfiort of the faid JlJbery, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That, during Additional the time for which premiums are granted to twenty (hips or vef-feUby the faid hereiri-before mentioned adl, made arid paflfed threeof the in the twenty-(ixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, the ao ^ips to fartral additional premiums herein-after mentioned (hall be paid which pre-and allowed, under the Conditions, regulations, and reftridtions^miums arc -of the faid adt, and of this prefent adt, to the owner or owners of three (hips or veffels which (hall be fitted and cleared out \^c condi-from fome port of Great Britain of Ireland, or the iflands of tions herein Guernjey, Jeffery, or Man, between the fifteenth day of April and fpecified. the firft day of November, in the prefent year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, and between the firft day of January

A 34	and

Digitized by

Google

How far (hip* may fail, that carry on th£ fifhery to the eaftward or westward of Cape Horn,or through the StrcightB of Magellan; which (hips mu ft have a licence from the Eaft India and South Sea companies, etc.

Anno vicefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. aa £178*.

and the firft day of November in every fucceeding year* and which (hall double Cape Horn, or pafs though the Sireigbn efr. Magellan intoxhefouthfeas, and carry on thefaid filhery, duriu^ the fpace of four months, to the weftward of Cape Horn in thde feas, that is to fay; To the owner or owners of fuch (hiper veffel as (hall be fo fitted and cleared out, and (hall To carry an the faid fifhery, and (hall return to fome port in Great Britain' on or before the firft day of December s the fecond year after that in which fuch (hip or veffel (hall have fo fitted and cleared out, but not in lef$ time than eighteen months from the clearing out of fuch (hip or veffel, and which (hall fo return with the greateft quantity of oil or head matter (being not lefs in the whole than thirty tons, caught during the faid voyage either outward or homeward), there (hall be paid and allowed the premium of eight hundred pounds; and to the owner or owners of the (hip or veffel which fhall be fo fitted and cleared out, and which (hall return as aforefaid with the next greateft quantity of oil or head matter (being not lefs in the whole than thirty tons, .caught during the faid voyage either outward or homeward), there (hall be paid and allowed feven hundred pounds; and to the owner or owners of the (hip or veffel which (hall be fo fitted and cleared out, and which ihall return as aforefaid with the next greateft quantity of oil or head matter (being not lefs in the whole than thirty tons, caught during the faid voyage either outward or homeward), there (hall be paid and allowed the fum of fix hundred pounds.

III. And be it further ensued by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful tor any (hip or veffel, employed in carrying on the faid fouthern whale fifhery to the eaftward of the Cape of Good Hope, to fail or pals as far as the equator northward, and as far as fifty-one decrees longitude eaft from London, and no further; and for any ihip or veffel, employed in carrying on the faid fi(hery to the weft ward of Cape Horny or thiough the Speights of Magellan, to fail and pafs as far as the equator northward, and as far as one hundred and eighty degrees longitude weft from London, and no further: provided always, That every (hip or veffel, which (hall fail or pafs to the eaftward of the Cape of Good Hope, or to the weft ward of Cape Horn, or through the Streights of Magellan, (hall be obliged to have a licence from the Eajl India and South Sea companies, and the mafter (hall be obliged to deliver, or caufe to be delivered, a certificate, as requiied by the faid act, made in the twenty-fixth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, rci'pecting (hips allowed to proceed to the refpedlive limits therein mentioned, on the terms and conditions, and fubjecl to the piovifions in that a<ft preferibed ; and every iuch (hip or veffel, lieenfed purluant to this atft, the owner or owners, and the mafter and crew thereof, fhall be fubjedt and liable to all and every the terms, conditions, and provifions, in, and by the faid a6l of the twenty-fixth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign preferibed, and (hall be liable to dll and every the penalties and forfeitures in fuch a<3 provided.

and

Digitized by v^ooQle

1788.} Anno vicefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 20,	351

an4 iotcnded for things done or omitted tq be done, contrary to tlic rules and regulations in the faid ad provided with regard to tipps or veflels pafling the Cape of Good* Hope or Gapt Horn or the Stfiights of Magellan.

Iv. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That , the united company of merchants of England	India

trading to the Eajl India, (hall not be required or obliged to	Pcd toD<>t

grant any licence for any (hip or veffel to fail to or pafs within grarft^ny lithe limits of their excluftve trade round the Cape of Good Hope, cence until until the owner or owners of fuch (hip or veffel, or the major bond be given part of fuch owners, if there (hall be more than one owner, (hall have entered into and executed a bond to the faid united com- onboard etc! pany, in the penalty of two thoufend pounds, with a condition	’

to be thereunder written for payment to the faid united company of the fum of onethoufand pounds, as a forfeiture to the ufe of the faid united company, over and above the forfeitures and penalties , mentioned in the (aid ad of the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, in cafe any goods or merchandizes what-foever (other than and except the ftores of fuch (hip or veffel, and the tackle, materials, and other things neceffary for the pur-pofe of the voyage) (hall be taken into or put on board fuch (hip or veffel, for or upon her outward voyage; or in cafe fuch (hip or veflel (hall have taken on board, in any part of the voyage homeward before her arrival in Great Britain, any goods or merchandize of the growth, produce, or manufadure of the Eajl Indies, or any iflands, ports, havens, coafts, cities, towns, or places, between the Cape of Good Hope and the Streights of Magellan, to the value of one hundred pounds or upwards, computing the fame according to the value in England, except fuch provifions,

(fores, or clothing, as it may at any time during the voyage have become neceffary for the faid (hip’s crew to take on board, for the foie ufe of the faid crew.

.V. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That If any thing in cafe any thing (hall be done by any (hip or veffel, licenfed as [hi^anlJthe aforefaid, or by the owner or owners, matter or crew thereof, in recited ad be any way refpeding the rights and privileges of the faid united done by any company, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this and licenfed (hip, the faid former ad, the owner or owners of the faid (hip or vef-	“ot	°c

fel (hall not afterwards be intitled to require, nor (hall the faid future licence, united company be obliged to grant or give to them, or any of them, any future licence for the fame, or for any other (hip or veffel to proceed within the limits of the faid company’s cx-clufive trade.

VI.	And be it further enaded. That in cafe any (hip or veflel, Governor of to be licenfed by the faid united company as aforefaid, (hall touch St* Helena, at the ifland of Saint Helena, or (hall be found within the limits	f	A

before deferibed, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the go- {hips, 1CCD C vernor of Saint Helena, the commander of any (hip or veffel be- * lpngin* to or in the fervice of the faid company, or any perfon *utborifed or deputed by them refpedively, or to and for any

agent.

Digitized by Google

3$»

and if smy goods be found they (ball be forfeited, etc.

Anna vkdano o&atfo GftJROTl IlL G* (

agent, (peoisily authorifed tKdeputed fat that purpofe (aid company, 4nd rtfiding at any place Within flic H.U'. dc(cribed, to (Starch and examine fach lioeftfed (hip car fee if any goods or merchandizes (hall be on board her, to the proviSons of the fa id alt of the twenty-fact hr prefcnt Mejefty’s reign, and of (his ad; and in c. goods or merchandizes (hall be found in Of cW board Off veflel, on (rich (Search or examination, the fame (half be to tlte bid united company, and (he owner or metier ef the faid (hip of veflel,- (hall be {table t& penalties and farfertonss for trading contrary to the party’s charters; and if (hat) and may he lawful to and for united company, and the pertdns sforefetd, on the beha the We of the faid company, td feide and take away ft and merchandizes to and for the ufe of the (aid united and to fend them home to the faid united company, or' and diijpofo thereof to the ufe of the faid company, as ' think fit.

VII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority That it Avail and may be lawful for the faid (hips at which (hall be fo fitted and cleared out as aforefaid, for

Ships fitted out for the purpofe of

Cape of Good through the Streigbts of jlfageildn, not being of left Hope, etc. hundred tons burthen* to be* properly, fumifhed with ^ fh *d ^th ammunition for refinance and defence* provided the arm?, c7c. on owners of fuch [hips or veflels, before clearing out, ftaff obtaining a 1i- * licence from the lord high admiral of Great Britan,* cenccfromthe commiffioners for executing the office of lord high ad admiralty, t|ic time being, authorizing the fame.

VIII.	And be it further enatflerf by the authority

and the ad- That the lord high admiral of Great Britain> or the miralty may goners for executing the office of lord high admiral for t t^fech^w*	isaod are hereby authorifed and impowered to g

on the condi- Kcentte for arming, in fuch eafes as to him or them tions herein fit and proper; provided that there fhall have been exhi

hmv or them a1 Certificate, under the hands and feats of the miffioner* of his Majefty’s cuftoms (which certificate hereby authorifed and retired to give), teftifying that f or veuM is entered out for the purpofe of doubling the Good Hope or Gdpe Pforrl, Or paffing through the Str/ Magellan; and provided alfo, that the owner or owners (hip or vefle} fesdl have entered into a bond, with two (i fureties, in the fum of one rhoufand pounds, with that fetch arms and ammunition {hall not be ufed for any t fed purpofe,. but merely for refinance and defence in cafes voluntary hoftilhy.

IX.	And be it' Amber enafted by the authority t That rto (hip or veflel whatever fhsfl beitttitled, within

mentioned*

No (hip inti-tled to more than one additional pre-

ti,c P®H»ds of time itfpcflfively limited by this tdt mafcp two * fiitp or vMM to feitort audio return froth fuCh voyage,

Digitized by v^.ooQle

17S8.J A*no vicefiino odavo Georoii IIL c. to.	353

that one Of the additional premiums hereby granted, although voyage* in fuch fhip or veflel Hull make two voyages within any one of the th.<- l‘®e periods aforefaid.	StoSS*

X.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforeiaid. That j{0 premjam

no premium whatever, granted by the faid ad pafied in the to be allowed twenty-fixth year of his prefent Mayefty’s reign, or by this ad, any teflW (hall be paid and allowed to the owner or owners of any fhip or which fcall veflel which (ball clear out after the fifteenth day of April, in the	**ggr

preient year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, on asters it be * the faid fifhery, unlcfe it Hull appear by certificates from the certified that proper officers of the cuftoms, that fuch (hip or veffel was vifited, (he was yifited and the crew by them rcfpedively muftered, as well before the

clearing out of fuch fhip or veffel for the faid fiihery, at on her * return to any port in Great Britain •, any law, cuftom, or triage to the contrary notwithftaoding. '

XI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That no fhip or veflel which after the fifteenth day of April oat "or unlef* fhe

thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, fhall be fitted or ? *7 re*i*

cleared out for the faid fifhery, mall be intitled to any of the

premiums, granted either by the faid ad palled in the twenty-*

firth year'of his prefent Majefty’s reign, or by this prefent ad,

unkfs fuch fhip or veffel (hall have been duly regiftorcd purfuant

to the terms and directions of an ad palled in the twenty-fixth

year of his Majeft/s reign, (intituled. An ad for tbt further in*

trtafe and encouragement of /hipping and navigation.)

XIL And be it forther enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That the feveral additional premiums granted by this ad, fhall ~ren?,’ln!* be paid by fucb and the like perfon, and in fuch and the like fbfsaa to^be manner, and under fuch and the like conditions, rules, regu- paid agreeable iariont, and reftridions, as is and are’ direded and preferibed in to the rule* of andty.the (aid berein-before recited ad, made and paffed in the ^ recited twenty-fixth year of the reign of hit prefent Majefty, and in and **** by this prefent, ad.

XIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That all oil, head matter, or other produce of filh or creatures jjfiljdc. may living in the feaa, caught and taken in any part of the ocean by duty^Uee in the crew of any fhip of veflel fo fitted and cleared out as afore- thipa fitted (aid, for the feveral additional premiums granted by this ad, out agreeable aod which Dull fo double Cape Horn, or pafs through the to this act.

Sirrigittof Magellan and fo cairy on the laid fifhery in the South Stas, (hall, upon importation into Great , be admitted to entry, and landed under the ufual reftridions and regulations, without payment of any duty whatever.

XIV.	And be h further enaded by the authority aforefaid1.

That if any perfon or perfon a, not being a fubjed or fubje&sof Foreigner* his Majefty, who has or have been heretofore employed in whobavecar-canrying on the whale fiihery, and being the owner or-owners fifherv •f any Blip or veflel, and intending to refide, together with Iris ^ years, m their family or families, in this kingdom, for the purpofe of and coming cantiaumg to cany on fuch fifhery from hence, (Ml, cm or with their tefbfe the fir fit day of Jemary one moofand (even hundred and

Digitized by

Googl

ninety, UugJoct

354	Anno	vlccfimo o&avo GeoRGII III. C. 20.	[178k

before Jan. r, ninety, come into this kingdom, together with his or their 179°* may family or families, and (hall bring any (hip or veflel or (hips to carrion6 or veff^s> built before the firft day of January one thoufeol the whale filh- feven hundred and eighty-eight, to Gnat Britain, the number cry from of fuch (hips or veffels not exceeding forty in the wbole» Great Britain manned with any number of feamen or fifhermen, not lefs thaw (hipsbuflt twelve in number, having been heretofore employed in carvj^ before Jan. i, ing on the faid fiftiery in every fuch (hip or veflel; and it fhril 1788, not ex- be made appear, to the fatisfadion of the commiffioners of ceeding 40, his Majefty’s cuftoms in England and Scotland refpedively, by etc#	the oaths (or affirmations, if of the people called Quakers) of

fuch owners refpedively, (which oaths or affirmations the faid commiffioners are hereby refpedively authorifed and im-powered to adminifter), and by other means, that he or they have been fo employed in carrying on the faid fiftiery for three years next previous to his or their arrival, and that he or they, together with his or their family or families (if any they (nail have), are then actually refident in Gnat Britain, and that twelve fuch feamen and fifhermen at the leaft are brought into Great Britain in every fuch (hip or veflel, and the fame (hall be certified by the faid commiffioners in England and Scotland refpedively to his Majefty, it (hall and may be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflTors, by and with the advice of his privy council, if he (hall fee juft caufe fo to do, to grant to the owner or owners of every fuch (hip or veflel or (hips or veflels, not exceeding in the whole forty in number, a licence or licences to fit out any fuch (hip or veflel for the foie purpofe of carrying on the faid whale fi(hery from Great Britain, and to employ fuch (hip or veflel in carrying on the feme; and every fuch (hip or veflel (hall, from and after the granting of fuch licence as aforefaid, during the continuance of fuch licence, enjdy all the privileges and advantages which now by law belong, or may at any time hereafter belong, to any Briti/b (hip or veflel employed in the faid fiftiery (except the premiums granted by this ad, and by the hereinbefore recited ad, made and pafled in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty), and (hall be allowed to import oil, and all other produce of the whale fiftiery, fubjed to the regulations and provifions herein-before contained, and free from all duties whatever, any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Such foreign That if any fuch (hip or veflel, fo licenfed as aforefaid, (hall as ha«e^ ^ave ^een cmpl°ycc* by fuch owner or owners as aforefaid, in ried^n the* carrying on the whale fiftiery from Great Britain, or (hall be whale filhery continued in carrying on luch filhery, in cafe of his or their from Great deceafe, during five fucceflive feafons^ and it (hall be made ap-Britain for pcar> t0 the |atisfadion of the commiffioners of his Majefty*s yMrs^may be cuftoms in England and	refpedively,	by	a certificate or

regiftcredas certificates, under the hands of the minifter and churchwar-Britilh-built dens of the xefpedive parifti or parifhcs'in which the owner or flnps, &c.	owners

355

Owners offo-

1788.] Anno vicefimo o&avo GeoRgii III. c. *o.

owners of every fuch (hip or veffel (hall have refided, and by other proper means, that he or they, or his or their family orfamilies, have been refident in fuch parifh or parities re-fpedUvely for the fpace of five years fudeeflively, and the fame (hall be certified by the faid commiflioners refpcdtively to his Majcfty; then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall be lawful for his Ma-jefty, his heirs and fucccffors, by and with the advice of his privy council, to authorife the owner or owners to regifter every fuch (hip or veffel as (hall have been fo brought into this kingdom, and employed as aforefaid in the whaU fifbery from thence for five fucceflive feafons, by virtue of fuch licence as aforefaid, in like manner is if the fame was a Britijb-built fhip,: owned by Briti/h fubjedb, arid navigated according td?.*faw ; and every fuch owner of owners (hall alfo from thencefbrth, in refpeef of every fuch (hip or veffel, be entitled to all fuch premiums as arfc granted to Britifh-built (hips and veffels employed in carrying on the faid filhery; ahd they, and each of them, (hall have and enjoy the rights, privileges, and advantages of natural-born fubjedb of Great Britain^ in like manner, and fubjedt to the like disabilities, as the fame may be granted to aliens by Tpecial adts of parliament.

XVI.	Provided always. That all and every owner or owners of every fuch (hip or veffel, before he or they fhall be ad-r.ei^JhiP®,n* mitted to regifter any fuch (hip or Veffel,- and before they (haft g^red, torc" have and enjoy the rights, privileges, and advantages, of a take the* oath natuTal-born fubjedfc of Great Btitain, (hall take and fubferibe of allegiance.' the oath of allegiance to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, in one of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wcftminfler or Edinburgh, or at the general or quarter feffions of the peace holden in the place where he or they refide ; which oath fhall be in-rolled by the court wherein the fame (hall be taken and fub-feribed, on payment of the like fum or fums to the officer or officers of fuch court for entering the fame, as are or (hall be payable by law on the entry of fuch oath in the courts atorefaid, in any cafe where the fame is by law required.

XV11.	And, for the further encouragement of fuch perfon or perfons, not being a fubjecl or fubjefls of his Majejiy, to come and efla-blijb himfelf or them]elves in this kingdom, for the purpofe of carry -ing on the faid fijhery, in the manner before-mentioned; be it further ♦ enafled by the authority aforefaid, That the (ix (hips or vef-Six (hips of fels belonging to fuch perfon or perfons, not being a fubjedt or foreignersfirft fubjedb of his Majefty as aforefaid, which (hall tirft arrive in fi^Tin^Great" any port of this kingdom, in the manner and on the condi Britain to be tions before-mentioned, (hall be allowed to import cargoes of allowed to oil or head matter, being the produce of any fi(h, or creatures import oil, living in the Teas, caught by the crews of fuch (hips or vcflels, fubjeft to the duties and conditions following; that is to f3y, herein-mcn-The Ihip or veflet belonging to fuch perfon or perfons as afore- honed, hid, whieh (hall firft arrive in manner before-mentioned, lhall be allowed to import any quantiry of oil or head matter, being the produce of any fiih, or creatures living in the fea, caught

by

Digitized by	-

3£&	Anno	vkefimo odlavo Qso&On IIL C.*Ou [ 17884

by the crew of the (aid (hip or vefleJ, not exceeding (Seventy tet^ . each ton containing two hundred and fifty-two gaJJoot, withod payment of any duty wbatfoever; the two {hips or vefiek belonging to fuch person or perfons a* aforefaid, which (ball mad arrive in manner before- mentioned, ihali be allowed to import any quantity of oil or head matter, being the produce of abf fim, or creatures living in the fea, caught by the cues* of the bid Ihip or veffel, not exceeding (evenly tons, each containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons, upon payment of a duty at and after the trite of five pounds per ton 4 the three (hips or ref-fels belonging to fuch pcribn or perfons as aforefaid, not being a fubjedt or fubjeds of his Majeny, which (hall next arrive in mangey before-mentioned, (hall be allowed toimport any quas-• tity of oil or head matter, being the produce of any filh, or creatures living in the fea, caught by the crew of the faid ibip or vefiel, not exceeding feventy tons, each ton containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons, upon payment of a duty at and after the rate of ten pounds per ton) and any quantity of nil or head matter exceeding feventy tons, each ton containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons, imported by any fuch fix drips or vefiels, belonging to fuch perfon or perfons, not being a fubjedt or (ubjedts of his Muefty as aforefaid, (hall be admitted to entry, and (hall be fubjen to payment of dudes as oil of foreign fifhing; any law, cuftom, or ufcge, to the contrary not? withftaoding.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enadled by the Foreigners fo authority aforefaid. That every perfon or perfons not being a allowed to ftibjedt or fubjedts of his Majeny as aforefaid, and being owner R enter ot own®1* of any fuch (hip or veflel, fo importing faeh oil of into bond to head matter as aforefaid, (hall, together with two fuffickot fettle with v fureties, being his Majefty’s fubje&s and refiding within Gnat Scir^RC^8'in Britain, (to be approved of by the commiffioners of his Ma* rea rium, j^y>$ cuftoms *m England or Scotland), give bond to his Mf-jefty, his heirs and fucceffors, to be taken by the col led or or' comptroller or other principal officer of the cuftoms in the port where fuch (hips (hall arrive, in the penalty of double the higheft duty on the quantity fo imported, to which fi(h oil is now by law fubjedt and liable linder any circumftances of importation; with condition that fuch owner or owners, together with the crews pf the refpedive (hip or (hips, veffel or vedels, fo importing fuch oil or head matter as aforefaid, (bail feverally and refpedively eftabli(b themfelves in Great Britain and carry on the faid fithery from Gnat Britain, according to and in compliance with, and under the conditions, rules, regulations, and reftridions, preferibed and direded in the faid herein-before recited ad, fo made and paffed in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, or of this ad. Duties to be	XI A. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

under the ma- That the feveral duties granted by this ad (hall be raifed, le-the^mmif- V*C(*» C°HC<^C(** Pa*d, recovered, and applied, under the ma-Boners of the nagement of the commiffioners of the cuftoms in England and cuftoms.	Scotland

Digitized by Google

Anno ricefinw 9&*vq Gf.ov.au Jll. c, % i,

StitM rdpcflivfly for cbf |UV« twng, in fuch ,n4 the lit* manner, and by Aich and the like ways, means, and methods, at Hie-duty upon train oil of foreign fiftiing is now by law oifed, levied, collected, paid# recovered, and applied.

And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons Audi knowingly give or grant any Mr certificate for any of the purpofes required or direded by th# ad) filch perfon or perfons lhall forfeit and pay the Aim of five hundred pounds, and be rendered incapable of ferving hie Mijefty, his heirs or fucceffors, in any office whatever; and if any perfon or perfons (hall counterfeit, erafe, a her, or falfify any certificate for any of the purpofes required or direded by this ad, or fhail knowingly or willingly make ufe of any falle certificate, or of any certificate fo counterfeited, erafed, altered, or falfified, fiich perfon or perfons fhail, for every fucb offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds, and every fuch certificate or certificates fhail be invalid, and of no efed.

XXL And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Th*r one moiety of the penalties and forfeitures loflifted by this ad, flhaM he to the ufe of his Majetty, his heirs and foc-ccflbrs, and the other moiety to fuch officer or officers of die cuftoms as fhail fue or profecute tor the fame in any of his Ma-jtfty's courts of record at fyeflminfltr, pr in the court of exchequer in Scrtkndi refpc#*vejy, where the offence (bail be committed.

XXII. And be it further enaded by the authority afprefaid. That if any adion or fuit ftiall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons whatever for any thing done in purfoance of this ad, die defendant or defendants in fuch addon or fuit may plead the general iffue, and give this adl and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuancc of and by the authority of this a<$: and if it (hall appear fo to be done, the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff ftiall be nonfuited, or (lull difeontinue his a&ion after the defendant or defendants hath or have appeared, or if judgement ftiall be given upon any verdict or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants fhail recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as defendants have in other cafes by law.

CAP. XXI.

An aft for granting to hie Majefty a certain fum of money, to be raifed by a lottery.—750,6001. to be raifed by this act.

750,6001 to be raifed by a lottery. Ail perfons who have made depots, purfuaflt to the refolption of the hqufe of commons, are required to pay the remainder of their fubfcnptipns at certain times foecified. 1). by *otfc of June. %l by 3th pf Auguft. jl, by iQth of October, tl. by of November, *1. iqs. by 19th of December, and * I. 10a. by f6th of January, 1789. Jntereft to be allowed to thpfc who pay in the whole of their fubfcripjtions before Dec. 17. 4*0,000). the amount of the prizes, to be paid out of any (applies granted this feffion. Books to

Digitized by

Google

nr

Penalty on perfons granting felfe certificates, etc.

How penalties are to be applied.

General iffue.

Treble cofts.

Anno vicefimo odavo Georgii ill. c. 22, 23.	(1788*

be prepared with two columns, on each of tofaich 48,000 ticket# are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets: t of 30,0001.: x of 95,000!.: x of ao,oool.: x of 154000I.: a of xo^oooL:

5 of j,oool.: ioof i,oool.: *4 of x,0001.: joofjool.: xojofiool.: 15,150 of 181. s 1 ,oool. to the firft drawn ticket; *,oool. to the laft drawn. 480,000!. Lottery to begin drawing on Feb. 16, 178*. Penalty on forging tickets, dec. Tickets 151. xis. 9d. each. After June ao, 1788, the cafhier may deliver tickets not exceeding in value half of the fum adually fubferibed. The 480,0001. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any fupplies granted'this fcf-fion ; and fhall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, oa June 1, 1789, &c. Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. No tickets to be divided into any other (hares than halves, quarters, eighths, and fixteenths, on penalty of 501. Perfons counterfeiting (hares, etc. guilty of felony.

CAP. XXII.

An alt to indemnify fuch perfonfs at have omitted to qualify theinfelvta for offices and employments; and to indemnify juftices of the peace,

1 or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for tbofe purpofes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whofe admiflions have been omit-' ted to be ftamped according to law, or, having been (tamped, have been loft or miflaid) and for allowing them time to provide admiffi-ons duly ftamped; and to give further time to fuch perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerk8 to attornies and folicitors, or to pay the duties on the iaden j tures and contrails of clerks, apprentices, or fervants; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who hare | negle&ed to tranfmit descriptions of theft qualifications to-the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law ; and for giving further time for that purpofe.

Time enlarged for taking facrament and oaths to 15th of Dec. 1788.— For producing appointments and admiflions in corporations. See. to the fame time. For filing affidavits as to clerks to attorneys, etc. to Michaelmas term 1788. And time for militia officers to deliver qualifications to ift of Sept. 1788. And on paying double duty apprentices indentures may be ftamped before 15th of Dec. 1788, and the laft claufe to be publifhed in the London Gazette.

CAP. XXIII.

An alt to continue feveral laws, relating to the clandeftine running of uncuftomed goods, and preventing frauds relating to the cuftoms; to the encouraging the growth of coffee in his Majefty’s plantation? iu America; to the further punifhment of perfons going armed or dif-guifed, in defiance of the laws of cuftoms or cxcife; to the more rf leltually encouraging the manufaltures of flax and cotton in Great Britain; to the allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majefty’s fugar colonies in America; to the permitting the exportation of tobacco pipe clay from thi* kingdom to the Britifh fugar colonies or plantations in the Weft Indies ; to the prohibiting the exportation of tools and utenfils made ufe of in the iron and fteel manufaltures of this kingdom, and to prevent the feducing of artificers and workmen, employed in thofe manufaltures, to go into parts beyond the feas; and to the preventing the clandeftine running of goods, and the danger of infedion thereby: and to revive and continue feveral laws relating to the allowing . a drawback of the duties on rum (hipped as (tores to be confumed on board merchant (hips on their voyages; and to the afeertainiog the ftrength of ffcirits by Clarke’s hydrometer.

Digitized l?y Google

'ijrtt.] Anno riccfimo oftavo Georoii III. c. 14?

80 much of 5 Geo. I. c. xi. again ft clandeftine running of unaccuftoffi-ed goods, as has been continued, by fuhfequent affi, to Sept. 29, 178s, to be further continued to {Sept. 29, 1705, &c. 5 Geo. t. c. 14. con-turned to June 04,179/9 &c. except fuch part thereof as relates to the importation and exportation of foreign coffee into and from the liritifh colonies in America. So much of 19 Geo. *. c. 54* as f elates to the Anther puni foment of perfons going armed, &c. in defiance of the laws ,06 enftoms, Ac. and to the relief of officers in informations upon fei-xurea, continued to Sept. 29, 1795, &c. 23 Geo. 3. c. 77. for the more effectual encouragement of the manufactures of flax and cotton, further continued for twojears, etc. So much of 16 Geo. j. c. 37, as relates to allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, etc. to his Majefty’s fugar colonies in America; aod fo much of %s Geo. t* c. 69. as relates to allowing the exportation of a certain quantity or wheat, etc. from Lancafter to the faid colonies, continued to May f, 1789. So much of 17 Geo. 3. c. 43. as permits the exportation of tobacco pipe clay to the Britifh fugar colonies in the Weft Indies, continued to June *4> 179*, etc. 26 Geo. 3. c. 89. to explain, etc. 25 Geo. 3. c. 67. to prohibit tho exportation of tools ufed in the iron manufactures, etc. continued to the end of the next fefliQn.

8 Geo. 1. c. x8. continued to Sept, 29, 1795, etc. except the daufcs obliging all (hips to perform quarantine. So much of 19 Geo. 3. c. 22. as relates to allowing a drawback of the duties on rum (hipped as ftorcs on board merchant (hips, revived, and continued to July 5.

17959 etc. So much of 27 Geo. 3. c. 31. as directs, that fpirits (hslP' be deemed of the ftrength denoted by Clarke’s hydrometer, revived, and continued to the end of the next feffion.

CAP. XXIV.

An aft to continue feveral laws, relating to the granting a bounty o«	'

the exportation of certain fpedes ofBntifh and Irifh linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax; and to the preventing the committing of frauds by bankrupts; and for continuing and amending feveral laws relating to the imprifonment and tranfportation of offenders.

*9 Geo. 2. c. x5. for granting a bounty on certain fpecies of Britiih and Irifh linens exported, etc. continued to June 14# 2790, etc. 5 Geo. %. c. 30. to prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts, continued to June 1, X793, etc. So much of 24 Geo. 3. c. 56. as extends to au-thorife the removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement; and 19 Geo. 3. c. 74. to explain and amend the laws relating to the tranfportation, etc. of offenders, continued to June x, 1793, etc.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That the feveral offenders Offenders

who (hall, by virtue of the faid aft of the twenty-fourth year conveyed to of his Majefty’s reign, be removed to temporary places of cpn- temporary finement, (hall, during fuch confinement, be treated and vi- fe^fCn[Cun-fited in fuch and the like manner, to all intents and purpofes, dera4Geo.3! as offenders who are fentenced to hard labour, under the faid c. 56. (hall be aft of the nineteenth year of his Majefty’s reign; and all ex- treated.main-pences occafioned by their maintenance or death (hall be de- ^offenders frayed by the overfeer or overfeers appdinted by his Majefty, fentenced to in fuch and the like manner as the expences occafioned by the hard labour maintenance or death of offenders fentenced to hard labour under 19GCO. under the aforefaid aft of the nineteenth year of his Majefty’s Ci 74*	9

reign.

V.	And be it further enafted. That whenever his Majefty His Majefty fhall be pleafed to give orders for the tranfportation of any o£ mayauthorife

Vol. XXXVI.	Bb	fender	Perfon*‘°

*

3$o make contracts for the tranfportation of offenders* etc. as if made* and fecurity given,asby»4 Geo. 3. c. 56. directed.

Preamble, a6 Geo. 3. c. xoi. recited.

Anno vicefirtio o&avo Georgii III. c. 25* [1788.

fender or offenders, it (hall and may be lawful for his Majefty, under his royal fign manual* if he (hall think fit, to authonft and impower any perfon or perfons to make contracts for the effectual tranfportation of fuch offender and offenders, and to direct to what perfon or perfons fecurity (hall be given for the effectual tranfportation of fuch offender or offenders; and eveiy fuch contract and fecurity (hall be equally valid and effectual, and every perfon contracting for the tranfportation of any offender or offenders with any perfon or perfons fo authorised by his Majefty as aforefaid, (hall have the like property in the fcrvicc of fuch offender or offenders, as if fuch contra A had been made, and fuch fecurity had been given, in the manner required hy the faid aCt of the twenty-fourth year of his Ma-jefty’s reign.

CAP. XXV.

An to under more effectual an an pajfed in the twenty fixth year of his prejent Majejlys reign, intituled, An aCt for ereCling certain light-houles in the northern parts of Great Britain.

WHEREAS by an an pajfed in the twenty fixth year of bis prefent Majejiys reign, intituled, An a& for ereaing certain light-houfes in the northern parts of Great Britain, the commijjionen therein named were enabled, for the feeuritj of navi-gation and the fi/heries, to ereB four light-houfes in the northers farts of Great Britain ; one at Kinnaird’s Head, in the county of Aberdeen ; one in the ijlandof North Ranihha, in the Orkneys; one on the point j/'Scalpa, in the ijland of Herries; and a fourth in the mull of fCintyre; and from and after the time fuch light-boufes Jbould be finijhed, in fuch manner as to have the proper tights or fignals put up therein, to demand, colleB, receive, and take, from the mafiers and owners of every Britifh Jhip, or decked veffel, navigated according to law, pajfwg any of the faid light boufes, afum not exceeding one penny jlerling per ton; and for every foreign Jbip, or decked veffel, paffing as aforefaid, a fum not exceeding two-pence fterling per ten: and ' the faid commijfioners were impowered to bor-row, or take up at interejl, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one thoufand pounds fierling, upon the fecurity and credit of the feud dut'uSy for r.njwering the expetices of making the faid works : and whereas the faid commijfioners, in purfuanee of the faid atI, and the trujls repojed in them, have now ere Bed one light boufe at Kinnaird’s Head, which proves of great publick utility, and are proceeding to ereB the three others ; but as the money allowed by the faid aB to be rat fed and taken np, and the duties author ifed to be levied, colleBcd, and taken, on the tonnage of Jhips or vrjjels paffing the faid light-houfes, will not be fuff dent to defray the expo nets of finifbing, complecting, and maintaining the fame: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaCted ; and be it enaCtcd by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affcmbled, and by the authority of the fame,

o	That

Digitized by Google

i;M.] Anno vicefimo o&avo Georqii III. c. 25.	361

That it (ball and may be lawful to and for the faid commifiion- Tnliea of the crs, or any five or more of them, or for fuch perfon or perfons djtuCBt?r:'nt' as they (hall appoint, in lieu of the duties by the faid aft grant- cite/a&fthe ed, to demand, colleft, receive, and take, of and from all and following are every the mafters and owners of every (hip or decked veflel, to be cofiedt-the fums following; that is to fay. From every Britijb (hip or*d:	B	.

d^ed veflel, navigated according to law, which Ihall pafs any ^Sd"' of the faid light-houfes, whether the faid (hip or veflel mail be veflel pading outward or homeward bound, or on a foreign voyage, or fail- any otthe ing coaftways, a fum not exceeding one penny halfpenny (ter- hght-houfes, linger ton, of fuch (hip or veflel; and for every foreign (hip or pcr decked veflel, pafling as aforefaid, a fum not exceeding three- andVor every pence fterling per ton, of fuch ftiip or veiTel.	foreign deck-

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, e<1 veflel 3d.

That the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them,	.

(hail have power, and they are hereby empowered, as foon as duties may be two of the faid light-houfes are built and lighted in a proper colledted7 manner, and after one month’s notice given in the London Ga- when two Xittey and all the Edinburgh newfpapers, to demand, colledt, light-houfes reeeive, and take one half of the faid duties, any thing in, the a|£ erected, faid a dt of the twenty-fi'xth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign,

to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	And be it further cnadted by the authority aforefaid.

That the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, (hall Commifiion-

be, and they are hereby impowered and declared to have full eri bo/’*

power and lawful authority, at any time or times hereafter, by fof 3,oooU

any mortgage or mortgages, or any adt or adts, deed or deeds, on the credit*

under their hands duly executed, to borrow or take up, at a of the duties,

rate of intereft not exceeding the lawful intcreft, in addition to

the fums allowed to be taken up and borrowed by the faid adt,

a further fum, not exceeding three thoufand pounds flerling,

upon the fecurity and credit of the duties granted by this a&,

for anfwering the expences of making and compleating the

works aforefaid, and fuch further fum as (ball be fufficient to

difcharge the expence of obtaining and pafling this adt; and

may aflign fuch duties to any perfon or perfons, body politick

or corporate, who (hall furnifh or advance fuch money, or any

part thereof, as a fecurity for repayment of the fame.

VI.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That all Powers of the and every the powers, authorities, conditions, diredtions, pro- rccit.cc* a<t*to vifions, and exemptions, in and by the faid adt of the twenty- fo^^unleft fixthyear of his prefent Majefty’s reigo, enadted or provided, altered by this touching or relating to the powers and trufts repofed in the faid adt. commiflioners, (hall be adjudged and deemed, and taken to be in full force, as if the fame were herein particularly inferted and re-cnadted, excepting only as to the alterations by this adt made, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anyways notwithftanding.

V. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That this adt (hall be deemed, taken, and allowed, in all I’ublickAdt. courts of law or equity, as a publick adt; a B b 2

Digitized by

nd all judges and , juftices

)Ogle



Anno vicefimo o£tavo GeorGII III. c. 26. f 1788*

juftices of fuch courts are hereby required to take notice of it as fuch, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XXVI.

An aft for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the consolidated fund; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the ferrice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this feffion of parliament.

»,545,ooo1. granted out of the confolidated fund, for the ferrice of the current year; tobeHTued by the treafury accordingly. Treafury kn-powered to raifc the fum of *,545,0001. or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the confolidated fund. If it Ihali be judged more advifeable, the treafury may raifc the faid fum by exchequer bills inftead of loans; and the bills in fuch cafe to be made in the manner prescribed by the malt aft of this feffion. The faid exchequer bills, intcreft, and charges, are to be paid out of the confolidated fund. Bank authorised to lend to bis Majefty the fum of 2,545PocL notwithstanding an aft of 5 and 6 Gul. 8c Mar. c. *0. The Sum of 589,16*1. 15s. *d. *q. remaining in the exchequer on April 5, 1788, furplus of confolidated fund; aoo,oool. of army tarings, 1786 ; to be Iffued towards the fupply. 43,053!. 48. lod. of army fevings in x786, and 1787, to be applied towards the extraordinary expeoces of the land forces in 1787. Monies anting by the malt aft, 750,0001. land tax aft, *,037,6*7!. 9s. id. loans, 3,500,0001. further loans, 2,ooo,oool. lotteij aft, 750,600!. 589,16*1. 158. ad. *q. remaining in the exchequer April 5, 1788, Surplus of confolidated fund ; aoo.oool. army Savings, 1786; and *,545,oool. out of the confolidated fund; ihali be applied (with the reftdue of the fale of French prizes) to the ufes hereafter exprcfled. *,*36,0001. for naval Services; 175,407!. 5». nd. for augmentation of naval forces, fince Sept. 18, 1787; 18,3001.08. 8d. for the expence of the office of ordnance, on account of the late armament; 4x9,407). os. id. for the charges of the office of ordnance, for 1788; *,038,85*1. its. 8d. towards maintaining the land forces, 8cc. for 1788, viz. 56,0931. 15s. for fubfidy to the landgrave of Heffe Caffcl, for t?88; 59,8781. 48. for the charge of the late armament at the war office; £98,637!. as. xod. for the charge of 16,98* effeftive men, officers, 8cc. m Great Britain, 8cc. 315,8651. 198. id. for forces in the plantations, &c. 8,7581. 148. 9d. for difference between Britifh and Irifh e ft abli foments, 8cc. 11,19*1. 13s. for regiments ferving in the Eaft Indies; 6,4*7). 6d. for the pay of general and ftaif officers, 8cc. 4»*73l. as. ad. for Supernumerary officers, &c. 60,8631. 6?. 8d. to the paymafter general, Secretary at war, 8cc. *8,490!. is. for the charge of a troop* of horfe guards, and a of grenadier guards, to June *4, 1788. 19,194). ns. 6d. for the charge of a regiments of life guards, to Dec. 14, 1788. 3,7681. x*8. 6d. for com pen fation to the reduced officers of horfe guardt, and horfe grenadier guards; *8,oool. *for repaying admittance money to the privates of the horfe guards; »*jl. 17s. for allowances to the officers, &c. of the reduced horfe guards, etc'. 55,09*1. xos. for reduced officers of Britifh American forces; 3,39*1. 14s. ad. for officers late in the fcrrice of the ftates general; 173,8331. is. 9d. for Chel-fea Hofpital; 0,978!. 148. 3d. for widows; 17197761.3s. for reduced officers of land forces and marines; 4,007!. 10s. for reduced officer* of the Britifh American forces; 437,0041. 18s. 6d. for extraordinary cxpences of land forces. *,500,0001. to difeharge exchequer bills of *7 Geo. 3. c. *3. 1,500,0001. more to difeharge exchequer bills of *7 Geo. 3. c. *4; 1,500,0001. more .for paying off exchequer bills, *7 Geo. 3. c. *5; 58,1661. to make good a like fum iffued from the civil lift for fervices abroad; 20,000!. for the works at Carltoiv Houfe; 60,000!. for difcharging the debts of the prince of Wales * xoi,oool. for the lame purpofc; 17,4961.148. 6d. iffued in purfuancc of 4ddrcffe*

v	of

Digitized by

Google

ijrM.j Anno vicefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 27. .

of the houfe of commons; 15,0001. towards carrying on the buildings aI Somerfet Houfe; 5,845!. 6s. for the civil eftablifhment of Nova Scotia; 4,300!. for the civil eftablifhment of New Brunfwick; 1,900!. for the civil eftablifhment of the ifland of St. John in America; i,rool/ for the civil eftablifhment of Cape Breton; r,i8*l. ios. for Newfound* land; 4^>Sol. for the Bahama Iflands; 580I. for the chief jufticc of Bermuda; 600I. for the chief juftice of Dominica; 1,8771* 108. for the civil eftablifhment of New South Wales; 13,000!. for repairing forts in Africa; 4,oool. for military roads and bridges in Scotland; *4>X45!. 5** 8d. 3q. for extraordinary expences of the mint; 1,3941* 6a. 8<L for profecution of offenders againft the coin laws; 4,510). ns. for money ifTued to the fecretary of commiffioners for enquiring into the Ioffes of Ajnerican loyalifts; 1,000!. for money ifTued to the fecretary of com mi ffioners for enquiring into the Ioffes in Eaft Florida; l,ml. os. 6d. for money paid to T. Dundas, and J. Pemberton, efqrs. commiffioners for American claims; 60,491!. 48. for money iffued for the relief of American civil officers, etc.; 14,1341. 8s. for money iffued on account to American fufferers; 1,981!. ns. id. for money if-ftied for fees to the late attorney general, etc. of Nova Scotia, etc.; 1,651). 7s. 3d. for money iffued to pay bills drawn by the governor, etc. of New South Wales; 813). 13s. 6d. for money iffued to James Mouatt, chief clerk of commiffioners for enquiring into fees, etc. of publick offices; 4,533!. 6s. 64. for money iffued to Henry Bradley, efq; for maintaining convicts on board Dunkirk hulk at Plymouth; 600I. for money iffued to the fecretary of the commiffioners of publick accounts; 5,000!. for money iffued to the commiffioners, etc. of the land revenues; 30,0831. ios. ad. iq. for money iffued to Duncan Campbell efq; for maintaining convitfs on the Thames; 8,058!. 159. id. iq. for money iffued on account of the trial of Warren Haftings, efq; lyoool. for fecuring the harbour of Catwater; 89,8901. is.^yd. xq. for the deficiency of duties on tea; ix,8i61. 38. 6d. 3q. for deficiency of annuities 31 Geo. 1.; 68,8951. x6s. 8d. xq. for deficiency, for annuities 18 Geo. 3.; 143,6141. 13s. iod. iq. for deficiency for annuities so Geo. 3.; 178,1441. ios. for deficiency for annuities 13 Geo. 3.; 76,361). 88. od. 3q. for deficiency for annuities 14 and 15 Geo. 3.; 63,671). x8s. id. 3q. for deficiency of grants for 1787. Supplies not to be applied to any other ufes than are directed by this alt. Rules to be ooferved in the application of 171,7761. 3s. granted for half pay. Byi7#Geo. 3. c. 33. a fum not exceeding 171,7761. ns. 6d. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers, for 1787. Overplus monies, above (atisfying half pay officers, to be difpofed of to officers who were maimed, etc. in the late wars* or to officer* widows and children, af his Majcfty (hall direlt.

CAP. XXVII,

An off for reducing the duties on the importation of certain goods9 warety and merchandize, the growth, produce, or manufacture9 of any of the European dominions of the fates general of the United Provinces, into thh kingdom.

WHEREAS by a treaty of defenfive alliance between his Preamble* majefty the King of Great Britain and their high mights-neffes the fates general of the United Provinces, fgned at the Hague the fifteenth day of April one thoufend /even hundred and eighty-eighty it is, by the tenth article thereof, agreed, That until the two powers conclude a treaty of commerce with each other% the fubjefls of the republick Jball be treated, in the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, as the mof favoured nation ; and the fame fall t( obferyed in tbf United Provinces towards the fubjefls of

B b 3	hit

Digitized by Google

I ;88y goods (except linens) of the growth or manufacture of the Euro-

364	Anno	vlccfimo o&avo Georgii III. C. if. [1788;

bis Britannick Majejly, with an exception in the faid article, that it Jhall not extend to a diminution of the import duties payable wpem linens; be it therefore cnaCted by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament From July 5, aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, there (hall be paid to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, on the importation of any goods, wares, or merchandize, (except linens), into Great Britain, . . from any of the dominions in Europe of the ftates general of on^of the*01* tbc ^nited Provinces, and which goods, wares, or merchan-unitedpro- dize, (hall be of the growth, produce, or manufacture of thofe vinces,maybe dominions, the following duties ; (that is to fay), fuch and imported the like duties rcfpeCtively as are now payable on goods, to Greater?" ^arcs» anc* merchandize of the like nature and deferiptions, tain/on pay- particularly fet forth and enumerated in the table marked (C), mentofthe annexed to an aCt, made and pafled in the twenty-feventh duties payable year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, (intituled, An aft for re-a"fct forth^n Pea^n& ^e feveral duties of cujloms and ex rife, and granting other table (Cl, an- duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the Jaid duties, together with rexed to’*7 the other duties compofing the publick revenue; for permitting the Geo. 3. c. 13. importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufafture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduftion of the national debt\) and which goods it (hall and may be lawful to import into Great Britain direCtly from any of the dominions in Europe of the faid ftates; any law, cuf-which may be tom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding; and upon all ~ other goods, wares, or merchandize of the growth, produce, or manufacture of the faid dominions, (except linens), which may be legally imported or brought into Great Britain, the lowed duties which are now payable by law on the importation into Great Britain of the like goods, wares, or merchandize refpeCtively, from any other foreign country or Rate in Europe.

JI. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That on the due exportation of any of the faid goods, wares, or merchandize refpeCtively, upon which the loweft duties have been paid on the importation thereof, as aforefaid, to places on the exportation to which a drawback is now allow-paid, to be al- ed, the exporter (hall be paid and allowed the like drawbacks ufuaMraw as are a^owcc* uPon tbc exportation from Great Britain of the u * like goods, wares, or merchandize imported into Great Brir tain from any other foreign country or ftate in Europe.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the fcveral duties and drawbacks, charged and allowed underthiVa^t, bY lbi$ Iball bc rated* levied, collected, recovered, an-to be levied * fwered, paid, allowed, appropriated, and applied, in fuch and and paid as jhc lijte manner, apd by fuch and the like ways, means, ^nd

methods.

and all other

goods(except linens)

legally im ported, on payment of the loweft duties on like goods from any foreign European country.

Exporters of goods, for which the loweft duties have peen

backs.

Duties and drawbacks

Digitized by LjOOQle

ij88.] Anno vicefimo oStavo Georgii III. c. 28.	3$£

methods, as the duties and drawbacks upon goods* wares* duties and and merchandize in general are raifed, levied, collected, re-covered, anfwered, paid, allowed, appropriated, and applied, a$8 -tn forcc by virtue of any aft or afts of parliament in force on and im- on July 5, mediately before the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hun-dred and eighty-eight.

CAP. XXVIII.

An aft to exempt certain licences, granted to Jiipendiary curates, from Jlamp duties.

WHEREAS, by an aft of parliament, made and poffed in Preamble;

the fifth year of the reign of their late mojefiies King Wil- reciting liam and fputen Mary, (intituled, An aft for granting to their 5Gul. etMar. Majefties feveral duties upon vellum, parchment, and paper, c* **; for four years, towards carrying on the war againft France)% it ms enafted, That for every Jkin or piece of vellum or parchment, or Jbeet of paper, upon which any licence that Jhould pafs the feal of arty arcbbijbop or bijhop, chancellor, or other ordinary, or any eerte-Jiafiical court whatfoever, Jhould be engrojfed or written, there Jbeuld be paid the fum -offive /hillings: and whereas, by another aft of parliament, made ard poffed in the ninth year of the reign of his faid late majefiy King William the Third, (intituled, An aft for grant- 9GUI. c, 1$ ingtohis Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, further duties upon ftampt vellum, parchment, and paper), another fum of five JbiUings was impofed upon all fuch licences: and whereas, by another aft, made and pajfcd in the twelfth year of the reign of her late ma-jejly Queen Anne, (intituled, An aft for laying additional duties Annas,ftat. on foap and paper, and upon certain linens, lilks, calicoes, 9» and (luffs, and upon (larch, and exported coals, and upon ftampt vellum, parchment, and paper, for railing one million four hundred thoufand pounds, by way of a lottery, for her Majefty’s fopply ; and for allowances on exporting made wares of leather, (heep fkins, and lamb (kins; and for diftribution of four thoufand pounds due to the officers and feamen for

Kn money; and to adjuft the property of tickets in former tcries; and touching certain mares of (lock in the capital of the South Sea company; and for appropriating the monies granted to her Majefty), a further fum of five JbiUings was impofed upon all fuch licences: and whereas by another aft of parliament, made and poffed in the fextb year of the reign of his late ma-jtfty King George the Firjl, (intituled. An aft for enabling the and 6 Geo, *f South Sea company to increafe their prefent capital (lock and 4. fund, by redeeming fuch publick debts and incumbrances as are therein mentioned *, and for raifing money to be applied forleffening feveral of the publick debts and incumbrances; and for calling in the prefent exchequer bills remaining uncancelled ; and for making forth new bills in lieu thereof,' to be circulated and exchanged upon demand at or near the exchequer), the faid feveral recited duties were made perpetual: and yhrrsQs the faid feveral duties have been found very inconvenient and

3 b 4.	burthen*

Digitized by	'	jr

ferted.

Preamble.

36$ Anno vicefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 29, 30.	[1

burtbenfome to flipendiary curates, appointed by licence to perform the office of curate in a parijb churchy upon the nomination of the From June 24, treBor or vicar thereof; be it therefore ena&ed by the lung’s 1788, the du- mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of ties iitapofed the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent aas onHcen- Par^amcnt affembled, and by the authority of the (ame, That cc8 granted " from and after the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand by archbi- feven hundred and eighty-eight, every fuch licence, fo ap-Ihops, etc. to pointing any flipendiary curate, in which the annual amount of fpeft to*licen- t*ie ^‘Pcn(* ^all inferted, that fhall pafs the feal of any cop to ftipen- archbifhop, bifhop, chancellor, or other ordinary, or any ec-diary curates, clefiaftical court whatfoever, (hall be, and the fame is hereby in which the declared to be freed and exempted from any of the faid herein-amount of the ^oce rccited ftamp duties; and fuch licence (hall and may be ftipend is in- available, and given in evidence in any court of law or equity j any law or ftatutc to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-ftanding.

CAP. XXIX.

An aft to enable the Eaft India company to borrow a further Jum of money upon bond.

WHEREAS it is expedient, in confideration of the prefent Jiate of the affairs of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, that the faid company Jhould be enabled to iffue bonds for the purpofes of their trade, and for difebarging fundry demands to which they are liable, to a larger amount than they are now by law authorifed to do: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty th^t it may be enafted; and be it enadted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid united company to borrow money upon, and iffue

........ bonds under their common feal, as the affairs of the faid unit-

they may now ed company may require, not exceeding the fum of one mil-legally bor- Hon two hundred thoufand pounds beyond the fum for which the faid united company may now by law iffue their bonds.

CAP. XXX.

An aft to enable juftices of the peace to licence theatrical reprefeut$-tions occaftonally, under the refiriftions therein contained.

WH E R E A S by an aft poffed in the tenth year of the reign of his late majefy King George the Second, certain pend* ties and pmifbments were injlifted on every per fin who Jhould, for hire, gain, or reward, at7, reprefent, or perform, or caufe to k afted, reprefented, or performed, any interlude, tragedy, comedy, opera, play, farce, or other entertainment of the Jlage, or any part or parts therein, except as in the faid aft is excepted: and whereas divers afts of parliament have ftnee been folicited and obtained for divers cities, towns, and places, for exempting them refpeftively

from

Eaft India company im-pawered to borrow x,ioo,oool. on bond, beyond what

row.

FreamVe. 10 Geo. a. c. 18.



Digitized by v^ooQie

17W.] Anno viccfimo oflavo GeoeoiI III. c. 30.	367

from the proviftons of the faid law: and whereas it may be expe* diext te permit and fuffer, in towns of conftderable refort, theatrical reprefentations for a limited time, and under regulations 5 in which, nevertbelefs, it would be highly impolitick, inexpedient, emdunreafonable, to permit the ejiabtijhment of a confront and re-gukr theatre: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it enadted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this jprefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the lame. That it Jofticeiofthe lhall and may be lawful to and for the juftices of the peace of P*acc m*y»at any county, riding, or liberty, in general or quarter frfCons aflembled, at their difcretion, to grant a licence to any per- fi0n*,grant"li-fon or perfons, making application for the fame by petition, cencetfortbe for the performance of fuch tragedies, comedies, interludes, performance operas, plays, or farces, as now are, or hereafter lhall be ^nder the re-* a£icd, performed, or reprefented, at either of the patent or li- ftriftiona cenfed theatres in the city of IVeJlminJler, or as lhall, in the herein fpcci-manncr prcfcribed by law, have been fubmitted to the infpec-tion of the lord chamberlain of the King's houfehold for the time being, at any place within their jurifdidtions, or within any city, town, or place, lituate within the limits of the fame, for any number of days, not exceeding fixty days, to continence within the then next fix months, and to be within the fpace of fuch four months as (hall be fpecrfied in the faid licence, fo as there be only one licence in ufe at the fame time within the jurifdidtion fo given, and fo as fuch place be not within twenty miles of the cities of London, Wejiminfler, or Edinburgh, or eight miles of any patent or licenfed theatre, or ten miles of the relidence of his Majefty, his heirs or fuc-ceflors, or of any place within the fame jurifdidtion at which, within fix months preceding, a licence under this aft (hall have been had and exercifed, or within foilTteen miles of either of the univerfities of Oxford and Cambridge, or within two miles of the outward limits of any city, town, or place, having peculiar jnrifdidtion; and fo alfo as no licence under this adt (hall have been had and exercifed at the fame place, within eight months then next preceding; any lawj or ftatute for the punifhment of perfons employed in theatrical reprefentations to the contrary in any wife not with (landing.

II.	Provided always. That no fuch licence (hall be granted t-icences not

by the juftices as aforefaid, to be exercifed within any city, ^tbiinm *** town, or place, having peculiar jurifdidtion, unlefs proof (hall placc havme be made that the majority of the juftices adting for fuch pecu- peculiar jurif-liv jurifdidtion, have, at a publick meeting, figned their con- didlion, with-fcot and approbation to the faid application, or unlefs an exprefs t^n* condition (hall be therein inferted, that the fame (hall not be majority of valid and efiedual until it (hall have been approved by the ma- the juftices jerity of the juftices of fuch peculiar jurifdidtion, at a meeting afting for holden exprefsly for taking the fame into confideration.	(uch jurifdic-

III,	Provided alfo, That no fu$h licence (hall be granted by No jjccnce to

the be granted

Digitized by v^,ooQle

g<58 Anno vIceGmo o&avo Georgh III. c. 31—33. f 178C j

nnlef8 three the juftices as aforefaid within any city, town, or place, unlefr.'-

be dven^he* notice have been g,ven by the perfon or perfons applying , mayor, &c. ^or fuch licence, at leaft three weeks before fuch application, t®**. previous to	the mayor, bailiff, or other chief civil officer or officers of fn^7 <

application city, town, or place, of his or their intending to make fuch an* for a licence, plication.	^

CAP. XXXI.

An adt for appointing comraifiioners further to enquire into the Ioffes if all fuch perfons who have fuffered in tbeir properties, in confequeaet; of the ceflion of the province of Eaft Florida to the king of Spains* This adt is the lame as 26 Geo. 3. c. 75. and continued tor one Tear*

CAP- XXXII.

An adt for veiling the eltates of Edward Henvill in truftees to be fold, and for applying the money arifing by the fald thereof in diichargeef a debt owing by him to the crown.

The reverfion in fee of Edward Henvill, in a mefluage, &c. at Pun-knowle in Dorfctlhire, See. veiled in William Chamberlayne, folicitor of treafury, and Thomas Cotton, clerk of treafury, in order to be fold, and the produce to be difpofed of as his Majcfty ihall diredt. The pre-mifes hereby vefted in William Chamberlayne and Thomas Cotton, enquires, to be accepted in full difeharge of a debt due by the laid Edward Henvill to the crown. General faving,

CAP. XXXIII.

An ad to repeal the duties and drawbacks of cufloms and excife payable on the importation and exportation of wine> (except wine Use produce of the European dominions of the French kingy RheniXh, German, and Hungary wine, Portugal and Madeira wine% and wine of the produce of Spain, or of any of the dominions of the hng cf Spain), and for granting other duties and drawbacks in ben thereof $ to repeal the duty of excife upon foreign green glafs battles imported, and for charging an additional duty of cujloms in Hen thereof; for ascertaining the duty on carriages, the manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, imported direfifp from thence $ for obviating a doubt with rifted to the duties on white woollen cloths exported; and for rejerving to bis Ma-jtjiy the hereditary and other revenues of the crown in Scotland.

Preamble. TTTHEREASiy<ttr<7d7 made and pajfed in the twenty feventb 07 Geo. 3.	V V# year of the reign of bis prefent Majejly, intituled, An ad* for

«. 13, recited, repealing the feveral duties of cuftoms and excife, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the faid duties, together with the other duties compofing the publick revenue; tor permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufadture of the European do-: minions of the French king, into this kingdom ; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt, certain duties of cufloms and excife are charged and im-pofed. reflectively upon wine imported or broufot into Great Britain,

a kh.	Google

1788.} Anno vicefimo o&avo Georoii III. c. 33.'	369

wd certain drawbacks are allowed refpe&tvely upon the exportation \btreeffrem Great Britain: and whereas it is expedient that thefaid Qwral and refpefttve duties and drawbacks, Jo far as the fame re-fpeBbely relate to wine imported or brought into Great Britain, or tspoftedfrom Great Britain, except wine of the produce of the Euro-* pean dominions of the French king, Rheoifti, German, and Hungary wine, Portugal and Madeira wine, and wine of the produce of Spain, or of any of the dominions of the king of Spain, Jbould ceaje9 determine, and be no longer paid or payable, or allowed, and that other duties Jbould be charged and impofed on the importation thereof, and other drawbacks allowed on the exportation thereof from Great Britain; be it therefore enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the firft day From Sept, i, of September one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, the i7$Mhedu-feveral duties of cuftoms and excife, charged and impofed by tici the faid recited a& upon wine imported or brought into Great backs allowed Britain, except upon wine the produce of the European do- by the recited minions of the French king, Rbenijh, Germany, and Hungary a&, to ceafe wine, Portugal and Madeira wine, and wine of the produce of on *11pities, Spain, or of any of the dominions of the king of Spain, and the ^nethc feveral drawbacks allowed upon the exportation thereof from produce of Great Britain, (hall ceafe and determine, and be no longer paid the European or payable, or allowed; fave and except in all cafes relating to dominions of the recovering, allowing, or paying any arrears thereof refpec- ting/fcc? tively, which may, on the firft day of September one thoufand Arrears of feven hundred and eighty-eight, remain unpaid, or to any fine, duties and penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, relating penalties re-thcreto refpeftively, which (hall have been incurred at any time coveraWc* before the faid firft day of September one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight.

II.	Provided always. That nothing in this adl contained (hall This a A not

extend, or be conftrued to extend, to repeal or anywife alter the	t0e

duties of package, fcavage, or any other duties payable to the r^w^etc. mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, or to V 1

the lord mayor of the faid city for the time being, or to any other city or town corporate within the kingdom of Great Britain, or to repeal or anywife alter the prizage of wine, or the duty called Butlerage, or to any fpecial privilege or exemption to which any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, is or are now intitled by law; but the fame fhall be continued as heretofore.

III.	And it is hereby ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That, In lieu of the from and after the firft day of September one thoufand feven hun- duties °f <juf-dred and eighty-eight, in lieu and inftead of the duties of cuf- tb^fdlowing }oms hereby repealed, there (hall be railed, levied, collected, to be levied, and paid ta his Majefty, his heirs and fucceiTors, in ready viz. money, without any difeount whatever, upon all wine imported or brought into Great Britain, except wine of the produce of

European dominions of the French king, Rbenijh, German,

T ! * • ’ " .......................................... an^

Digitized by v^ooQle

For all wine (except French wine, etc. imported in a Britifti-built thip into the port of London, 19I. 83. per ton:

Imported in a foreign ihip, into the port ofLondon,33l xzt. per ton: Imported in a Brittfh (hip, into any Qther port in Great Britain, 15!* 48. per ton s Imported in a foreign (hip, into any other port in Great Britain, 49!. 8s. per ton: Imported into the port of London in a Britifti-built ihip, and entered for prizage,ail. ns. xod. per ton: Imported into the port of London, in a foreign (hip, and entered for prizage. Imported into any other port in England, in a Britifh-built ihip, and entered for prizage, 181.16s. xod. per ton: Imported into any other port in England, in a foreign ihip, and entered for prizage, ail. ns. iod. for every ton

Anno viceflirio odtavo GeorgiiIII. c. 33I fiyW.

and Hungary wine, Portugal and Madeira wine, and wise efte produce of Spain, or of any of the dominions of the king 4 Spain, the feveral duties of cuftoms herein-after mentioned \ the is to fay,

For every ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two galtoot of wine, except wine of the produce of the European domanfcttv of the French king, Rkenijh> German, and Hungary wioc, Pe&U* gal and Madeira wine, and wine of the produce of Spain, «MI any of the dominions of the king of Spain, imported or brought into the port oi\London^ in a Britijk-buih Ihip, owned, navigated, and registered according to law, a duty of twenty-nine pounds and eight (hillings: ,

For every ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of wine, (except the wine herein-before excepted), imported or brought into the port of London, in a foreign (hip, a duty of thirty-three pounds and twelve (hillings:

For every ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two galkms of wine, (except the wine herein-before excepted), imported or brought into any port of Great Britain (except the port of Lon-don) in a Britijh-built (hip, owned, navigatod, and regiftered according to law, a duty of twenty-five pounds and four (hillings: For every ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of wine, (except the wine herein-before excepted), imported or brought into any port of Great Britain (except tho port of London) in a foreign (hip, a duty of twenty-nine pounds and eight (hillings:

For every ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of wine, (except the wine herein-before excepted), imported or brought into the port of London in a Britijb-b\x\\t (hip, owned, navigated, and regiftered according to law, and entered for prizage, a duty of twenty-one pounds eleven (hillings and ten-pence :

For every ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two'gallons of wine, (except the wine herein-before excepted), imported or brought into the port of London in a foreign (hip, and entered for prizage, a duty of twenty-four pounds fix (hillings and nine-pence :

14I. 6s. 91Lper ton:

For every ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of wine, (exeept the wine herein-before excepted), imported or brought into any port of England (except the port of London) in a Britijb-bu\\x. (hip, owned, navigated, and regiftered according to law, and entered for prizage, a duty of eighteen pounds fix-teen (hillings and ten-pence:

For every ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of wine, (except the wine herein-before excepted), imported or brought into any port of England (except the port of London) in a foreign (hip, and entered for prizage, a duty of twtoty-ogo pounds eleven (hillings and ten-pence*

per ton.

For every ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons

of

Digitized by Google

Anno rfccftmo o&avo Gegroii III. c. 33.	371

rf vine, (except the wine herein-brifofe excepted), being in °f "**}* («** boofeg exceeding three dozen, or iu 1 oafk or cfcfks exceeding tm gallons in quantity, fent coafb/rfe or by land carriage into fentcoaawife, the port of London or the members thereof, 6r to any place what- or by landcar-ever within the defiance of twenty miles from the Royal Ex- ruge, within dkttogtol London, to be paid to the proper officers of the cuftoras	®j#

neareft to the place from whence fuch wine is intended to be re- 48. if removed moved, a duty of four pounds and four (hillings.	in a quantity

exceeding 3 dozen bottles, or xo gallons in calk.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority afbrefaid,That On the ex* on the exportation of any wine, whereon the duties of cuftonu P°rtat*°n charged and impofed by this aiSt (hall have been duly paid, there ft^fbe allow-Qiall b« paid or allowed, to the exporter or Exporters of any fuch ed the fellow-wine, the feveral and refpedlnre drawbacks of the duties of cuf- ing draw-toms herein-after mentioned ; that is to fay,	backs, viz.

For every ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons For every ton of wine, (except wine of the produce of the European^Q/nimons £CXCCP* . of the French king, Rbenijb, German, and Hungary wine, Portu- e^^imported %<d and Madeira wine, and wine of the produce of Spain, or of into the port any of the dominions of the king of Spain), which (hall have of London, been duly imported into the port of London, and which (hall be ^fP*#** duly exported to any Britijb colony or plantation in America, or colonHn to any Britijb fettlement in the Eajl Indies, a drawback of America, or a twenty-nine pounds and eight (hillings:	Britilh fettle-

ment in the Eaft Indies# *9** Ss* > *nd.

For every ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of wine, (except the wine herein*before excepted;, which (hall have been duly imported into the port of London, and which (hall be duly exported from thence to any place other than a Britijb colony or plantation in America, or a Britijb fettlement in the Ea/l Indies, a drawback of twenty-four pounds thirteen (hillings and fixpence:

For every ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of wipe, (except the wine herein-before excepted), which (hall have been duly imported into any port of Great Britain (except the port of London), and which (hall be duly exported to any Britifi colony or plantation in America, or to any Britijb fettle-. mem in the Eajl Indies, a drawback of twenty-five pounds and four (hillings:

Britifh fettlement in the Eaft Indies,

if exported to any other place, 14!. 131. 6d.

For every ton imported into any other port in Great Britain, and exported to any Britiih colony in

For every ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons if exported to of wine, (except the wine herein-before excepted), which (hall any other have been duly imported into any port of Great Britain (except g8*C$i.a° “ the port of London), and which (hall be duly exported to any place other than a Britijb colony or plantation in America, or any Britijb fettlement in the Eojl Indies, a drawback of twenty pounds nine (hillings and fixpence:

For every ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons For every ton of wine, (except the wine herein-before excepted), which (hall Import 0?*° haveb^en duly imported into the port of London, and entered London, and

for entered for

Digitized by booQle

prizage, and exported to any Britifh colony in America, or Britifh If exported to any other place, 17I. X7S. id.

For every ton into any other port, and entered for pri-zage, and ex-

Sarted to any ritifh colony in America, or Britifh fet-tlement in the Eaft Indies, 18I. 161. iod.; and if export* cdtoanyother place, 15I. oa. yd.

In lieu of the duties ofex-cife repealed, there (hall be paid.

for every ton of wine imported into Great Britain, (except French wines, etc.) 171.17s.

On the exportation ofwine, for which the duties of ex-cife have been paid, the following drawbacks to be allowed:

For every ton

French *ine, etc,) exported

Anno vlcefimo o£Uvo GeoRgII III* c. 33. [>788.'

for prizage, and which (hall be duly exported to any Britffc colony or plantation in America, or to any Britijh (ettlemcot m the Eajl India, a drawback of twenty-one pounds eleven fillings and ten-pence:

fcttlement in the Eaft Indies, ail. xxs. xod. and,

For every ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two gaBdjtf ofwine, (except the wine herein-before excepted), which have been duly imported into the port of London, and entered for prizage, and which (hall be duly exported to any place other than a Britijh colony or plantation in America, or any Britijh fc|-tlement in the Eajl India, a drawback of feventeen pounds feventeen (hillings and one penny:

For every ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of wine, (except the wine herein-before excepted), which (hall have been duly imported into any port of England, (except the port of London), and entered for prizage, and which (hall be duly exjtfujted to any Britijh colony or plantation in America, or to any aritijh fettlement in the Eajl Indies, a drawback of eighteen pounds (ixteen (hillings and ten-pence:

For every ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of wine, (except the wine herein-before excepted), which (hall have been imported into any port of England, (except the port of London), and entered for prizage, and which (hall be duly exported to any place other than a Britijh colony or plantation in America, or any Britijh fettlement in the Eaft Indies, a drawback of fifteen pounds and feven-pence.

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore&id,. That, from and after the firft day of September one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, in lieu and inftead of the duties of excife hereby repealed, there (hall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, in ready money, without any difeount whatever, upon all wine imported or brought into Great Britain, (except wine of the produce of the European dominions of the French king, Rhenijh, German, and Hungary wine, Portugal and Madeira wine, and wine of the produce of Spain, or of any of the dominions of the king of Spain), the following duty of excife; that is to fay, for every ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of wine* (except the wine herein-before excepted), which (hall be imported into Great Britain, and fo in proportion for any greater or lef-fer quantity, to be paid by the importer thereof before the landing thereof, a duty of feventeen pounds and feventeen (hillings.

VI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That on the exportation of any wine, whereon the duties of excife charged and impofed by this a<5t (hall have been duly paid, there (hall be paid or allowed to the exporter or exporters the fevei al and refpedlive drawbacks of the (juries of excife hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay,

For every ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of wine, (except wine of the produce of the European dominions of the French king, Rhenijh, German, and Hungary, wine, Portugal

Digitized by Google

178$.] Anno vlcefimo o&avo Georoii III. c. 33;	373

gal and Maderia wine, and wine of the produce of Spain, of df to any BritUh anj of the dominions of the king of Spain)* for which all the ^°,onT!n duties hereby impofed in refoeft thereof (hall have been paid, BHt!£CfctSe-and which (hall be exported from Great Britain as merchandize meat in the to any Britijb colony or plantation in America, or to any Btitijb Eaft Indict, fcttlement in the Eafl Indies* and fo in proportion for any greater x*h 7** i or lefler quantity, a drawback of fourteen pounds and feven (hillings:

For every ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons and for every of wine, (except the wine herein-before excepted), which (hall be imported into Great Britain, for which all the duties hereby aizc to any" impofed in refpeft thereof (hall have been paid, and which (hall other placebe-be exported from Great Britain as merchandize to any other port yondthe feat, or place beyond the Teas, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity, a drawback of five pounds and thirteen (billings.

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That the feveral duties of cuftoms and excife by this aft charged Dutieslmpof-and impofed, and the feveral drawbacks of the duties of cuftoms ed,and draw-and excife by this aft allowed, (hall and may be refpeftively backsallowed, managed, afeertained, raifed, levied, collected, anfwcred, paid, be managed as recovered, and allowed, (except where any alteration is ex- the former preflly made by this aft), in fuch and the like manner, and in duties were, or by any or either of the means, ways, or methods, by which	„

the former duties of cuftoms and excife upon wine, and draw- * altcr" backs of duties of cuftoms and excife upon wine, were or might be managed, afeertained, raifed, levied, collefted, anfwered, paid, recovered, and allowed ; and the faid wine, fo by this aft refpeftively made liable to the payment of, or chargeable with duties of cuftoms and ejeife, or fo intitled to draw back duties of cuftoms and excife, according to the direftions of this aft,

(ball be, and the fame are hereby made fubjeft and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, reftriftions, and forfeitures refpeftively, to which goods, wares, or merchandize in general were fubjeft and liable by any aft or afts of parliament in force on and immediately before the faid firft^day of September one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, re-fpefting the revenue of cuftoms and excife, (except where any alteration is expreffly made by this aft); and all and every pain, Penalties, etc. penalty, fine, or foifeiture, of any nature or kind whatever, for breach of for any offence whatever, committed againft, or in breach of fore*008 any aft or afts of parliament in force on and immediately before x°r^gg” fo^* the firft day of September one thoufand feven hundred and eighty- fecuring the eight, made for fecuring the duties of cuftoms and excife, or duties of <;uf-for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the feveral claufes, tomsorexcHe, powers, and direftions therein contained, (unlefs where ex-	0

prefsly altered by this aft), (hall, and are hereby direfted and declared to extend to, and ihail be refpeftively applied, praftifed, and put in execution for and in refpeft of the feveral duties of cuftoms and excife, and drawbacks of duties of cuftoms and excife, hereby charged and allowed upon wine refpeftively, in as.

full

Digitized by v^ooQle

Anno vicefimo oftaro GeoRGII HI. C. 33.	[ 17II.

foil and ample manner, to all intents and purpofes whatever, as if all and every the faid adts, claufes, provifions, powers, A-tfedtions, fines, pains, penalties, or forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enadted in the body of this adt.

•VIII. And be it further enadted by the authority afofeMd, Adts in force That every adt of parliament in force on and immediately befflte on Sept, i, the ftrft day of September one thoufand feven hundred and eighty* ■788, for fe- eight, by which any conditions, rules, regulations, or tcflrie-tiea'o&uftoms t*ons> were made, eftablifhed, or diredted, for the better fccur-and excife, ing the revenue of cuftoms and excife, or for the regular im-etc. to con- portation into, or exportation from, Great Britain, or the bring-tinuein force. ,ng or carrying coaftwife, or from port to port within the lame kingdom, or the entering, landing, or (hipping of any goods, wares, or merchandize whatever, (except where any alteration is exprefsly made by this adt), (hall and are hereby declared to be and remain in full force and efFed, and (hall be applied to the fubjedt of this adt, and for carrying the fame into execution, as fully and effedtaally as if they had been repeated and re-en-adted in this prefent adt.

IX. And whereas hy the faii all made andpajfedin the faid	-

fiventhyearof the reign of h'ts prefent Majefty, certain duties of tms and excife are refpellively tbarged	impofed on foreign green

glafs bottles, imported or brought into Great Britain: and whereas it is expedient that the duties of excife, granted by the faid all, Jhtuld be repealed, and that an additional duty of cttjlonts	be charged and

impofed upon foreign green glafs bottles, imported or brought into this kingdom: be it therefore further enadted by the authority afore* Prom July 5, (aid, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thoufand tieHmpofell1 ^even hundred and eighty-eight, the duties of excife, charged by the recited ant* impofed by the faid recited adt upon Foreign green glafs hot* aft on foreign ties, imported or brought into Great Britain, (hall ceafe and de* green glafs termine, fave and except in all cafes relating to the recovering, ed^to'ceaf”^ a^ow*n8» or Pay*ng any arrears thereof refpedtively which may, and ifUieu*' on fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-thereof, there eight, remain Unpaid, or to any fine, penalty or forfeiture, ihall be paid fines, penalties or forfeitures, relating thereto refpedtively, which an additional (hall have been incurred at any time before the fifth day of toms of 49!" one thoufand feven hundred eighty-eight; and that there fhali «q. for every be raifed, levied, colledted, and paid to his Majefty, his heirs nslb. of and fucceffors, in ready money, without any difeount whatever, gr®f.n	an additional duty of cuftoms of four (hillings and one farthing

nwnnfaftare* uPon cvery one hundred weight, containing one hundred and of the Euro- twelve pounds, of green glafs bottles of the manufadture of the pean domi- European dominions of the French king, imported or brought into nionsofthe Great Britain diredtly from thence, either in Briti/b-butit (hips, Imported into or *n ^'Ps °f the built of the European dominions of the French Great Britain, king; which -faid additional duty, fo charged and impofed by etc.	this adt, (hall be raifed, levied, colledted, and paid, in fuch and

the like manner, and under and futyect to the like rules, regulations, Securities, penalties, and forfeitures, in all refpedts, as the prefent duty of cuftoms upon foreign green glafs bottles,

tin*

1783.] Anno vicefuno oftaro GeoroIZ III. c.	375

imported or brought into Greet Britain, are now rated* levied, ceUeded, and paid.

X And	whereas concha, chariots,	landa, , , and

other carriages of the manufacture of the European dominions of the French king art, by the laws now in force, fubjeti on importation into ibis kingdom to a duty of twenty/even pounds ten /billings for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof: and whereas articles of BritUh manufacture are considered, when imported into the European dominions of the French king, as fadlery, and charged as fitch with a duty only of fifteen pounds for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof; and it being expedient that theft articles Jbeuld be mutually imported into noth kingdom on equal duties} be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid. That* from and after the fifth day of From Juir j, July one thousand feveo hundred and eigbty>eight, until the »7*8, to May tenth day of May which will be in the year of our Lord oqe ri*’»efm»v*be thoufaad eight hundred, and no longer, it (hall and may be law- "m^rted7 ful for any perfon or perfons whatever to import or brii^ into from the Great Britain, either for falc or otherwifc, diredly from Frame, European doer from any place in the European dominion! of the French king* in BritiJb-buWt (hips or veffcls, owned, navigated, and regifter- ^payment* ed according to law, or in /WauA-built (hips or reflels, owned of a duty of by, and belonging wholly to, the fubje&s of the Ftench king, 15b for every and whereof the matter and three fourths of the mariners at the xof>l* leaft are the (ubjeds of the French king, any coach, chariot, *tc*c “*** ^ landau, berhn, chaifc, or any other carriage whatever, on payment of a duty of fifteen pounds for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof, and no more; which duty (hall be managed, afeertained, raifed, levied,* collcded, anfwered, paid, recovered, appropriated, and applied, in fuch and the like manner, in every refped whatever, as the duties payable by law on fuch goods^ on or immediately before the fifth day of July one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-eight, were managed, afeertained, raifed, levied, collected, paid, anfwered, recovered, appropriated, and applied; and the faid goods, fo imported as aforefaid, aod the importer or importers thereof, (hall be fubjedvand liable to every rule, regulation, and reftridion, and to every pain, penalty, and forfeiture whatever, (except where any alteration is exprefsly made by this ad) to which fuch goods, or the perlbn or perfons importing the fame, would have been fubjedt or liable in cafe this ad had not been made-

XI.	And whereas by an 08 made and faffed in the ftxtb year if tht rtign of her late majejly Sfyucen Anne, intituled, An ad for en- 6 Annexe. £ couraging the dreffiog and dying of woollen cloths within this and ’ kingdom, by laying a duty upon broad cloth exported white, a duty of five /hillings was d/rtiled to be paid to her Majejly, bet beiri andJutceJffbrs, for every white woollen cloth, commonly called Broad Cloth, exported out of this kingdom into foreign parts; and whereat by an aft made and pajffed in the twenty-/eventh year of the reign of bis prefent Majejly, intituled. An ad for repealing the fcvcral s1 tit0. y. 6. duties of cuftoms and cxcife, and granting other Cities irr lieu *3* recited, thereof, and for applying the faid duties, together with the other Vot, XXXVI.	C	c	duties

Digitized by Google	m

37$	Anno	vicefimo	ofltavo	GeoRgii III. C. 33.	[178?.

duties coiripofing the publick revenue; for permitting'the importation of certain goods, wares, and' merchandize, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the Frmeh king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in*the exchequer for the payment of enmities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt: the/aiddttft impofed by the /aid atti fo made and pa/fed in the /aid fixth year of She reign of her late majefiy uten Anne, was repealed, and in fin thereof a duty of five /hillings and fixpence the piece was impofed m the exportation of white woollen cloth, commonly called Broad Cloth: and whereas doubts have arifen whether the faid duty of five/hillings and fixpence, fo impojed as aforefaid, is not now payable upon any woollen cloth, if white, although the fame may have been dyed or dre/Jed in this kingdom: be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid. That nothing in the faid recited aft, fo made and patted in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Mi^ jefty, (hall extend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend, 10 charge with duty any white woollen cloth, on the exportation thereof from this kingdom into foreign parts* provided the fame lhall have been dyed or drefled in this kingdom.

XII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the feveral duties impofed by this aft fhall be appropriated and applied in like manner a$ the duties granted by the before recited aft, made and patted in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, were appropriated and applied.

XIII.	And whereas by an aft made in the firfi year of bis prefent Majefiy9 s reign, intituled, An aft for the fupport of his Majefty*s houlehold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain, the hereditary revenues of the crown, and other revenues granted to his late majefiy King George the Second, for defraying the expences of his Majefiy9s civil government, were made part of the aggregate fund, and a certain revenue granted out of the faid fund to bis Majefiy during his life; but in the faid at1 it is provided and enabled, 44 that the feveral and refpefiive duties and revenues which wer a payable to his late majefiy King George the Second, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for and during bis life, /ball be continued, raifed, levied, and paid, during the life of his prefent Ma~ jefty, in the fame manner only, and fubjeft to the fame or the like charges thereon, as the fame were liable or fiubjeft to during his find late Majefiy9s life; faviug always to all and every perfons, bodies politick and corporate, their heirs and fuctejfors, executors, adminifira-tors, or affigns (Other than to our faid fivereign lord the King, bis heirs and fvcce/Jors, and other than to fiucb perfon or perfons who may or do /land fenced or poffe/Jcd in trufi for his Majefiy, his heirs and fuccej/ors), all fuclrrights, titles, efiates, cufloms, hereditaments, and other the premifer aforefaid, or any of them, as they or any of them had or ought to have had at9 the making of this as fully and effectually, all intents and purpofes, as if this atl ftad never been tnade-y any thing herein contained :to the contrary notwithstanding:99 and whereas by an att made in the twenty-feventh year of .bit prefent

27 Geo. 3. Majefiy r reign fintituled. An aft for repealing-the feveraj duties c- 13-	-	Of

Laft recited aft not to extend to charge white woollen cloth, dyed ordrelT-ed here, with any duty on exportation.

Duties under this aft to be applied as duties granted by the recited aft.

s Geo. 3. c. z.

Digitized by

Google

1788.] Anno vlcefimo o&avo GeoROII III. c. 34.

ofcuftoms and cxcifc, and granting other duties in lieu thereof* and for applying the faid duties, together with other duties com* pofing the publick revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manu* fa&ure of the European dominions of the French king, into this kiogdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remain* ing tn the exchequer for the pay meat of annuities on lives* to the redudion of the national debt; the hereditary revenues of the crown, and the other revenues granted to his late majejly King George the Second during his life, for defraying the expenses of his civil government, were made part of a fund called the Confolidated Fund, during bis prefent Majefiy s life: and whereas doubts have arifen, whether in the lajl recited aft the hereditary revenues of the crownf in that part of the united kingdom called Scotland, and the other revenues there referved to his Majejly, by the before recited claufe of the aft. made in thefirji year of his Majefiy* s reign, are fufficicntly Javed and referved to his Majejly during bis life: in order therefore to obviate and remove all fuch doubts, be it enacted and declared by the authority aJbrefaid, That the hereditary revenues of the crown. The heredity in Scotland, and other revenues there granted to his late majefty ry revenues King George the Second during his life, and referved to hispre- ScotJand” font Majefty during his life, by an aCt made in the firft year of etc. grantedtd his Majefty’s reign, do belong to and are at his Majefty’s difpo- King George fal, as provided for by the. faid adt, and that the civil eftablifh- the Second, ment in Scotland (hall continue to be paid in future, in like man- prefen? Ma. ner as it has been paid heretofore; any thing contained in the jefty*# difpey^ before mentioned a<5t, made in the twenty-feventh year of his f&l. prefent Majefty’s reign, to the contrary notwithftanding.	^

CAP. XXXIV.

An aft more effeftually to Jecure the performance of quarantine, and for amending fever cl hws relating to the revenue of cufloms•

WHEREAS by an aft, made and pajfed in the twenty- Preamble fixthyear of the reign of his late majejly K tig George the Second, (intituled, An adt to oblige (hips more effectually to pef- *6 Geo. 1. form their quarantine, and for the better preventing the plague c. 6, recited* being brought from foreign parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the ifles of Guernfey, Jor fey, Alderney, Sark, or Man), various provifions are made, authorities are given, and penalties are impofedj for effecting the purpofes intended by the faid aft: and whereas it ii expedient to make further provifions to oblige Jhips and veffels more effectually to perform quarantine: be it therefore enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent ■ parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, From July $4 from and after the filth day of July one thoufand leven hundred and eighty-eight, in addition to the particulars which the prin- particular* cipal officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms, or fuch perfon as (hall authorifed by be authorifed to fee quarantine duly performed, is authorifed the recited and required, by the faid recited adt, to demand an account of from the 'commander, matter, or other perfon having charge 0Vtoe°cuT-Cc 2	©1	lotos eic. to

37S	Anno	vicefimo	oftavo	Georgii III. C. j4* C1?***

demand of the 0f any (hip or veflel, which (hall attempt to enter into any port gander or place in Great Britain or Ireland* or the ifles of Gtiernfey* Jer-the^urther fa* Alderney* Sark* or Man* and of which particulars fi> de* particulars manded, the faid commander, matter, or other perfon having herein charge of fuch (hip or veflel is required, by the faid recited aSt* fpecifitd. *0 gjve a truc account of, under the penalties by the faid u&htb flidled; the faid principal officer of his Majefty’s.enttoms, or (uch perfon as (hall be authorifed to fee quarantine duly performed, (hall, and is hereby required to demand of the find commander, mailer, or other perfon having charge of fuch (flip or veflel; and the (aid commander, matter, or other perfon having charge of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall, upon fuch demand, ore a true account of the following particulars; (that is to fay), whether his (hip or veflel touched at the IJleof Rhodes* the Marat* or any part of the coaft of Africa within the Mediterranean or the Levant feas, or the port of Magadore; or whether any of the (hip’s company, or any other perfon on board his (hip or veflel, had, during the voyage homewards, in any manner whatever, any communication with any (hip or veflel coming from any of thofe places ? what pilot or pilots, or others persons from the (hores of the kingdom of Great Britain, the iflands of Sofy, Guemfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark* or Man* have been on board hrs (hip or veflel, or had any communication with his (hip's company in any manner whatever during the voyage homewards ? and whether any of his (hip's company had been tick, and of what diforder, in the courfe of the voyage, or were fo Commanders at the time the particulars are demanded ? and in cafe fuch Com-anTwers1”©^ mant*cr* maftcr» or other perfon having charge of fuch (hip or veflel, forfeit aool. (hall, upon fuch demand as aforefaid, give an untrue or fclfe anfwer to any of the particulars required by this prefent a61, fuch commander, matter, or other perfon, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds, to be recovered, difpofed of, and applied in like manner as the penalty inffitt-cd by the faid recited a<tt, for not making a true difeovery of the particulars required thereby, may be recovered, difpofed of, and applied.

II.	And whereas by the laws now in farce it may be deemed nettf-firy* in certain cafes, that the perfon or ptrfons offending againfi thi fame Jhould have aflual notice of the Orders in council of bis Meyefy* kis heirs or fuccejfors, touching and ref betting quarantine: and wbere-as it is frequently impoffible to prove fuch aftual notice j therefore be it enabled, That it (hall not be neceflary to give any altual notice of any order or orders of his Majefty in council, or of any regulations therein contained, which are now in force touching and refpedling quarantine; and that it (hall and may lawful for his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, by any order or orders in council hereafter to be made, to limit and fix a time or times, after Publication in which the publication of fuch order or orders in the Louden future ^orders Gazette (hall he deemed and taken to be fufficient notice to all in council, to perfons concerned, of all and every fuch order or orders in be fufficient council of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors. n*licc*	III.	And

Digitized by vjOOQlC

Notice of regulations in torce touching quaran-tine, not neceffary to be given.

f 788.] Anno vicefimo oftavo GboRGII III. c. 34.	^79

III• And be it further ena&ed, That evcrv commander, maf- From Jan. rf ier, or other perfon having the charge ot any (hip or vef- *7®?’ fel liable to the performance of quarantine, (hall and is hereby rantinc°toa" required, from and after the firft day of January one thoufand boift a fignal, fcven hundred and eighty-nine, in cafe of meeting or falling in ofthcdcfcrip-with any (hip or veflel at fea, or within four leagues of the coaft J.ion.|j"cin of Great Britain or Ireland, or the ides of Guernfey, Jurfey, Al- pen^itv^of0” demey, Sari, or Man, to hoift a particular fignal, to denote that aooi, * bis veflel is liable to quarantine; fuch fignal, for the day time, to be a large yellow flag at the main top-maft head; and, for the night time, to be a light at the fame maft-head; on failure whereof, fuch commander, mafter, or other perfon having charge of fuch (hip or veflel, fo liable to the performance of quarantine, (hall forfeit, for every offence, the fum of two hundred pounds.

IV.	And be it further ena<5ted. That every offence committed Offences may

contrary to, or in breach or violation of, the faid herein-recited ** t™**in . a St, or this prefent aft, or any order or orders of his Majefty, Grea^Britain1 ins heirs or fucceffors, now or hereafter to be made in his or etc.	*

their privy council,^ touching or refpefting quarantine, and notified by proclamation, or publi(hed in the London Gazette, (hall

and may be tried, heard, and determined, in any county within Great Britain, or in the proper courts of the ifles of Guernfey,

JcrJey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, refpeftively.

V.	And whereas certain vejfels and boats, after feizure and condemnation for offences againft the revenue of cuftoms and excife, are now by law liable to be broken up, and the feizing officers are rewarded with a moiety of the produce of the materials thereof, after deducing the charges of condemnation and fale: and whereas the reward of the feizing officers in fuch cafe is in general very trifling, and in fome inflames the charges of condemnation and fale hove exceeded the produce: and tobereas it is expedient that officers of the cuftoms and excifeJhould have a proper encouragement to induce them to ufe their ut-mojl endeavours to feize fuch veffels and boats; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the From June 14, twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and cuftoms eighty-eight, the commiflioners of his Majeftv’s cuftoms and ancj CX(!jfe excife in England for the time being, or any four or more of feizing vcflels them, and the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in Scot- liable to be land for the time being, or any three or more of them, (hall, {^warted*0 and they are hereby authorized and required refpe&ively, out as herein

of any monies in their hands, arifing from his Majefty’s (hare mentioned, of feizures, to reward any officer or officers of the cuftoms and excife, who (hall feize any veflel or boat, which by law (hall be liable to be broken up after condemnation, and (nail not be ufed in his Majefty’s fervice, in the following manner; (that is to fay), they (nail refpeftively reward, and caufe to be paid to fuch officer or-officers the fum of ten (hillings ton, according to the legal admeafuroment thereof, for all fuch veflels and boats as (hall exceed four tons by admeafurement; and the fum of forty (hillings for every fuch boat which (hstfl not exceed four '	C	c	3	tons	*

Digitized by Google	^

Commilfion-ers of the cuftoms and cxcifc may caufe feized vcflcls, not conftructed forfnaugglingj lo be fold in (lead of $>rokei* up.

tens; and alfo one moiety of the produce of the materials of fuch veflels and boats refpeftively, after deducing therefrom the charges of condemnation and fale.

Vi. And whereas it happen:, in fome cafe:, that vejfih feized and Condemned under the laws of cujioms and excife for illicit practices, which ore now by law dire fled to be broken up, if not fold to the navjy or to the cujioms or exefe, are not confirufted or fit for the purpofes of Smuggling, and may be ufeful as trading vejfds; be it therefore further enafted by the authority aforefeid, That whenever it (hail appear to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms and excife, in England and Scotland refpeftively, that any Veffid under feizure .by their officers refpeftively, and which, on condemnation, is now by law liable to be fo broken up* is of fucli built and con-flruftion as not to be proper or calculated for fmuggling, bat (haJI, in their judgement, be fit and fuitable to be uted and employed in fair mercantile trade, in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commiffioners refpeftively, and they are hereby authorized andf impowered ro caufe every fuch veffet to be fold after condemnation, inftead of being broken up; and fhe produce arifing from fuch Tale (hall be difpofed of and applied in like manner as the produce of vefl'cls feized by the officers of the cuftoms and excife refpeftively, and which were not liable to be broken up, were heretofore fold, and the produce thereof difppfed of and applied.

VII.	And whereas it is expedient, under certain circumficnus, ti permit and allow the delivery of goods or commodities, upon fecurity, 'which Jhall or may be feized in purfuatice of any aft or afts of parliament made in Great Britain relative to the trade and revenue of the Bririfh colonies and plantations in America 5 be it therefore further

Goods feized enafted by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any goods or relative to the comm°dities (hall be fe^cd as forfeited, by virrue or in purfu-trade of tbe ar^c? any a<^ or a(^s parliament, now or hereafter to be B iufh color made in Great Britain, relative to the trade and revenue of the nies in Ame- faid colonies and plantationsin America, it (hall and may be lawful deUv(Tedy on ^or c^e or judges of any court, having jurifdiftion to try fecurity being anc* determine fuch Teizures, to order the delivery of fuch goods given to or commodiiies, on fufficient fecurity by bund being given to anfwer double anfwer double the value of fuch goods in cafe of condemnation, the value. fuch fecurity to be good and fufficient, and to be taken to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, by and in the name of the colle<5^or of his Majefty’s cuftoms in whofe cuftody the faid goods may be lodged.

VIII.	And, to the end that fycb fecurity may be good and fufficient,

Direction! be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the collector and with regard t° comptroller of the cuftoms (hall, previous to the execution of the fecurfty^tc.	make drift enquiry into the fufficiency of the furcties pro-

*v 9	*	pofed to be bound ; and if the faid colleftor and comptroller

ihall find them of ability to anfwer the fum of fums in which they are about to become bound, they (hall then certify the fame in writing jto the judge or judges of fuch court refpeftive-iy ; and upon the production of fuch certificate, if the judge is

•	'	alfq

^	Digitized	by	VjOOQLC	,

\?88.] Anno vkafimo o&avo Georoii III. C. 34,	381

sjfo (arisfied with the fufficiency of the fureties propofcd, the bond (hall and may be executed, but not otherwife; which bond lhaii be delivered to and kept ip the joint cuftody of the faid col-Ie6tor and comptroller; and in cafe the goods or commodities for which fuch fecurity (hall be fo taken as aforefaid, (hall be condemned, the value thereof (hall be paid into the hands of fuch coile&or, conformably to the condition of the bond, who (hall thereupon, with the confent or privity of his comptroller, cancel the bond fo given as aforefaid.

IX.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That this ****• ’n ad (halL not extend, or be confirmed to extend, to authorife or "a^b/dcli-permit the delivery of any goods Or commodities whatever, but vere<i. only in cafes where the fame (hall be peridiable, or where the informer or profecutor (hall delay coining to as fpeedy a trial as

the courfe of the court in which the profccution (ball be commenced, and the nature of the circumdances will permit; any law* cudom, or ufage, to the contrary notwitbdanding.

X.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from From Au*. r, and after the fiffl day of dugufl one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, in cafe any open boat, belonging in the whole or defection, if in part to any of his Majefty’s fubje&s, and being of the length found within of twenty-three feet and upwards, built and confirudted for row- four Gagnes mg or uiiing, or for rowing and failing, the length cf which °fthc I*™1* fhall be* greater than in the proportion of three feet and ^cat ' an half to one foot in breadth, to be meafured by a ftraight Britain, hne from the fore part of the (tern to the aft fide of the.

tranfum or ftern-poft aloft, (hall be found, either upon the water, within any port of the kingdom of Great Britain, or member or creek thereof, or within four leagues of the coaft of Great Britain^ or in any place upon land in Great Britain, fuch open boat (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized and boats, by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife; and in of the built cafe any open boat, which (hall be built for rowing or failing, or	b,«Cl"

for rowing and failing, belonging in the whole or in part to any forfeited." of his Majefty’s fubje&s, and being of the length of eighteen feet, and under the length of twenty-four feet, from the fore part of the Item ro the aft fide of the tranfum or ftern-poft aloft, and the depth of which (hall be greater than in the proportion of one inch and one quarter of an inch to every foot in length, fuch depth to be taken from the upper part of the plank next the keel to the top of the upper drake, whether fuch upper ftrake (hall be fixed to the boat, or (hall be ufed as loofe or (hiding wadi drakes, fuch boat (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cudoms or excife, together with the (hip or veffcl to which fuch boat (hall belong. Boats of 14

XI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That fcct>.of a Pr0*

all open boats, belonging as aforefaid, of twenty-four feet and	than

upwards, the depth of which (hall be greater than in the pro- ,inchindeptb portion of one inch to one foot in length, fuch depth to be taken to 1 foot in as herein-before mentioned, (hall and may be feized by any [5nft.h» ™aT officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife.	**

XII.	Provided always. That this a£t (hall not extend, or be	c*“

C C4 Googk cona™*

3S2	Anno	ytcfefimo	oftavo	G®o*gii	HI.<1. 34* [1788*

belonging to conftroed to extend, to forfeit any boat on account df her fte navy, &c. belonging to or employed in the fervice of his Myfty^nwpjM victualling, ordnance, cuftoms, exrife, or poft-office, or vbhki is ufed on any canal or inland navigation, nor to any boat wbHy ever the owner of which (hall have a licence from the lord imfe admiral of Great Britain, or the eommHfi oners of the adosoNjfr for the time being, if fuch licence (hall be actually on boOTfc fuch boat at the time of her being detained or examined: 4M|t boats which (hall be conftru&ed and built with timbers plank not lefs than the following fcantling; (vide&eet), xn opo* boat from twenty to twenty-five feet in length, having pinole three quarters of an inch thick, ami timbers one inch and can quarter of an inch fquare 5 from twenty-five to thirty feet h| length, having plank one inch and one eighth of an inch rfaickt and timbers two inches fquare 5 from thirty to thirty-»five feet i* length, having plank one inch and three quarters of an inch thick, and timbers three inches fquare; from thirtyrfive to forty feet in length, having plank two inches thick, and timbers four inches fquare; from forty to fifty feet in length, having plank two inches thick, and timbers five inches fquare; from fifty feet and upwards in length, having plank three indies thick, and timbers fix inches fquare.

XIII.	And whereas it bat been found that majflers of flip* and vef* felt have wilfully and maheioufly detained and ref ufed to deliver of certificates of regijlry1, granted tn pvrfuana of an aG made and pcffH in the feventk and eighth years of the reign of bis late majefty King C.M. 1‘3 William the Third, (intituled. An ad for preventing frauds, and * *	'	regulating	abufes	in	the	plantation trade); and alfo of an *G%

payed in the twenty firthyear of his prefent Majefifs reign, {intituled, *6 Geo. |. An ad for the further increafe and encouragement of (hipping c*	and navigation), to the prejudice of the owner or owners of fycb Jbips

and vejfels; for the remedying whereof in future, be it further ca-?ali“ a^c<*» That on complaint made on oath (by the owner or any ingUcertiir-1^’ lfle owners of any (hip or veflel whofe certificate of regiftry cates of regi- (hall be fo detained and refufed to be delivered up) of fuch de* (try, toforteit tainer and refufal, to any juftice of the peace Widing near to the ioo\. on con- place where fuch detainer and refvtfal (hall be, either in Great viaion.	Britain,	or in the iflands of Jerfey, Guemfey, or Man, or in any

colony, plantation, ifhind, or territory, to his Majefty belonging, in America, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juftice, by warrant under his hand and feel, to caufe fuch matter to be brought be* fore him to be examined touching fuch detainer and refufel; aid if it (hall appear to the faid juftice, on examination of the matter or otherwise, that the fame is not loft or miflaid, but is wilfully and malicioufly detained by the faid matter, fuch matter (hall be thereof convitfed, and (hall forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, and On failure of payment thereof, within the (pace of two days after fuch con vi fiion, he (hall be committed to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail or mainprise, for fuch time as the faid juftice (hall, in his diferetion, deem proper, hot being lefs than fixmonths, nOr more than twelve months. r*	u	*	XIV.	And

Digitized by

Google

x 789 } Anno vicelimo o&m> Georgii tU. c. 35.	383

nXIVp And be it further cna&cd, That it (hall and may be Juftice» majr hmwteA for the ftid juftice, and he is hereby required to iflue a ,ffu5 wa£I?nt# wirrant tinder his hand and feal, to caufe fearch to be made ceitA^tesT far fech certificate; and if the fame (hall be found, the faid &c. and if not juAice (ball caufe the fame to be delivered to the owner, or found, to cer-fach of'the owners as (hall have made the faid complaint; and if the tame (haU not be found, the faid juftice (hall, and he is ^ho panted hereby required to certify the aforefaid detainer, refufal, and the laft certi-cenvidion, to the perfon or perfons who granted the lafl cer- ficatei, that tifieate of regiftry for fuch (hip or veflel, who fhall, on the frcfli ones terms aod conditions of the faid ails being complied with, make regiftry of fuch (hip or vefiel de novo, and grant a certificate thereof, conformably to the directions of the faid a&s, aerifying on the back ot fuch certificate the ground upon which fuch (hip or veffel was fo regiftcred do novo.

CAP. XXXV.

An *£ to enable bis Majefly to wake fuch regulations as may be ne~ ceffary to prevent the inconvenience which might ar'tfe from the competition of his Majefly's fubjefis and thofe of the moft ebriftian king 1 in carrying on the fifhery on the coojls ofthe if and ^Newfoundland „

WHEREAS, by the thirteenth article of the treaty con- Preamble.

eluded at Utrecht on the fourth day of April, new file, in Treaty of the year of our Lori one thoufand feven hundred and thirteen, be- Utrecht re-tween her late majefy £>ueen Anne and the mofi ebriflian king citcd* Louis the Fourteenth, it was, among other things, agreed, That tbesjland called Newfoundland, with the adjacent iflands, fhould, fremibat time forward, belt

that end tie town am

\rd, belong \d fortrefs .

of right wholfy to Britain, and to of Placentia, and whatever other places in the faid ifland were in the poffeffion of the French, Jbould be yielded and given up, within feven months from the exchange of the ratification of that treaty, or fooner if pdfible, by the mofi chrif ian king, to thofe who had a commijfton from the £)ucen of Great Britain^* tlmt purpofe; nor Jbould the mofi chrifian king, bis heirs or fuccejjors, or any of their fubjttts, at any time there-after, lay claim to any right to the faid ifland and iflands, or to any part of them ; moreover, it Jbould not be lawful for the fubjefls of France to fortify any place in the faid ifland of Newfoundland, or to *re& any buildings there, befides ftages made of boards, and huts ntteffary and ufeful for drying of JiJb, or to refort to the faid ifland beyond the time necejfary forfijhing and drying JiJh : That k Jbould be allowed to the fubjefts of r ranee to catch fijb, and to dry them on land, on that part only, and in none other befides that part of the ifland ^Newfoundland, which Jlr etches from the place called Cape Bo-navifla, to the northern point of the faid ifland, and from thence running down by the weflern fide, and reaches as far as the place called Cape Riche : and whereas, by the fifth article of the treaty Treaty of if peace, concluded at Paris on the tenth day of February one thou- paris recited. [and feven hundred and flxty-tbrte, between bis Majefly and the

late

Digitized by Google	^

384	Anno viccfimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 35. Ci;st.

late mofi cbrifiian King Louis the Fifteenth, and bis moft catbwSd majefiy, it was, among other things, agreed, that (be fubyeOt d France Jbould have the liberty of fijhing and drying on a fart eftm coafl of the ifiand of Newfoundland, fuch as is fpedfied m the thirteenth article of the treaty\ of Utrecht, wbieh article it Treaty of firmed and renewed by the prefent treaty: and whereas, by the fiflb VcrJa,^ca	article	of the definitive treaty of peace, concluded at VcrfiHles^fc*

rtciteo*	tween	his Majefiy and the mojl chriftian king, on tbe third detynj

September one thoufand [even hundred and eighty-throe, it wm, afnong^ other things, agreed, That his majefiy, the King of Gut Britain, Jbould be maintained in his right to thi ifiand of New* foundland, and to the adjacent ifiarids, as the whole were offered to Mm by the thirteenth article of the treaty ^Utrecht, excepting the Ifiands of Saint Pierre and Miquelon, which Were ceded in fad right, by the ford treaty of the third day of September one tbau-f and feven hundred and eighty-three, to his moft chrijlian majefiy \ and that bis majefiy, the mofi chriftian king,'in order to prevent the quarrels which had before then arifen between the two notions if England and France, confented to remove the right of fifbing which belonged to him in .virtue of the aforefaid article of the treaty rf Utrecht, from Cape Bonavifta to Cape Saint John, fituatedon the eafiern coafl ^Newfoundland, in fifty degrees north latitude, and his majefiy, the King of Great Britain confented, on bis part, that the fifhery.affigned to the futijefis cf bis moft chriftian jefty, beginning at the faid Cape Saint John, pdfjtng to the north,

. and defending by the wefitrn coafi of the ifiand of Newfoundland, Jbould extend to the place called Cape Rage,' fitvate in ferty-fevm degrees and fifty minutes latitudes she French fifbermen fbaufi enjoy the fifhery which was ajfigntd to- them by the faid article, as they had the right to enjoy that which *was ajfigntd to them by the treaty Declaration of Utrecht: and whereas, by a declaration delivered by bis Moot the French jefty9s ambaffhdor extraordinary to his meft chriftian majefiy, bearing 5 ”1*783	^ate af° on l^efad third d'y ^/September one thoufand feven hundred

cited. * and eighty-three, his Majefiy engaged not' only to injure the execution of the laft-mentioned triay with his known good faith and punctuality, but to give all poffible efficacy to fitch principles as my prevent difpute; and, that the fijhertnen of the two nations -may net gibe caufe for daily ' quarrels, was plyafed to engage that be would take the mofi pofitive meafurcs for preventing his fubjetls from interrupting in any manner, by their competition, the fifhing of the French, during the temporary exercife thereof which is granted ts them upon the coafis of the ifiand of Newfoundland, and that be would, for that purpofe, caufe the permanent fettlements which Jbould be formed there to be removed; and that be would give orders that the French fijhermcn Jhould not be incommoded in the cutting of wood ntceffary for the repair of their feoff olds, huts, and fjhing boats; and that the thirteenth article of the treaty ^Utrecht, and the method of carrying on the fifhery which had at all times ban acknowledged, Jhould be the plan upon which the fijhery flxnsli be carried on there, and that it Jhould not be deviated from by either party, the French fijhermen building only their ftaffolis, confining

f'r.r.'alp	tbemfehjti

Digitized by VjOOQLc	•

Anno vicefimo oflavo Georgii III. c. 35.	385

Skfs to the repair of their fifhing veffels, and not wintering ; the fubjefls of his Britannick Majefiy, on their party not fling in any mariner the French fijhermen during their fifhingy injuring their feoff olds during their abfence: and whereas it is dent, in conformity to the definitive treaty of peace and the de-\ii:n aforefaid y that his Majefiy s fubjefls fhould be prevented t interrupting in any manner, by their competition, the afore-fijbery of the fubjefls of kis moft chrifiian majefiyy during the iorary exercife thereof which is granted to them on the coafi of tfoundland ; and that all permanent efiablifhments on that part he (tall allotted to the French fifloermen fhould be removed; and fuch fijhermen fhould be in no manner moUfiedy contrary to the r of the faid treaty, and the good faith thereof: in order, there-9 that kis Majefiy may be the better enabled to carry the faid h! treaties and declarations into faithful and punctual execution, w8 make fuch regulations as may be expedient, refpefling the Tr, in the manner berein-after mentionedy be it enaded by 'King’s moft excellent majefty* by and with the advice and lent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in tprefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the t, That it (hall and may he lawful for his Majefty, his His Majefty k and fucceffors, by advice of council, from time to time, by advice of

Iive fuch orders and inftrudions to the governor of New- council, may Handy or to any officer or officers on that ftation, as lie to^he^ ley (hall deem proper and neceflary to fulfil the purpofes governor of he definitive treaty and declaration aforefaid ; and, if it Newfound-11 bencccffary to that end, to give orders and inftrudions et<*- 39 the governor, or other officer or officers aforefaid, to re- proper**^ or caufe to be removed, any ftages, flakes, train vatts, fujtil the purser works whatever, for the purpofc of carrying on fifhery, poles of the Jed by his Majefty’s fubjeds on that part of the coaft of j.r?aty °f ^er* wfmdland which lies between Cape Saint John, Pa^ing to [he decUra-‘ north, and defeending by the weftern coaft of the faid tion of the d to the place called Cape Ragey and alfo all (hips, veffels, French king-, boats, belonging to his Majefty’s fubjeds, which (hall be above recited, i within the limits aforefaid, and alfo, in cafe of refufal part from within the limits aforefaid, to compel any of I Majefty’s fubjeds to depart from thence 5 any Jaw, ufage,

‘utlom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

3, And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, tet if any perfon or perfons fhall refufe, upon requifuion Perfons refuf-kic by the governor, or any officer or officers ading under J.nS to con* n, in purfuance of his Majefty’s orders or inftrudions as irtfaid, to depart from within the limits aforefaid, or other- the governor, ft to conform to fuch requifition and diredions as fuch go-to forfeit xool. fuor, or other officer as aforefaid, (hall make or give, for t purpofes aforefaid, every fuch perfon or perfons fo refufing, otherwife offending againft the fame, (hall forfeit the fum two hundred pounds, to be recovered in the court of fef-,ni or court of vice admiralty in the faid ifland of New- How pennl-

indlond, or by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his t7es are to be J	‘	^	recovered and

„ Digitized by



Limitation of fuits.

386 x Anno viccfimo odavo Georgii I1L C. 36. [ 1788.

Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler\ one moiety of Isacfc penalty to belong to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefibi*, and the other moiety to fuch perron or perfons as (ball Ibe or profecute for the fame: provided always, That every fuch hit or profecution, if the fame be commenced in Wwvf nmiUmi. (hail be commenced within three months, and if commeuqpd in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeftminJler* withift twelve months, from the time of the commiffion of fuch offence.

CAP. XXXVI.

An all for the better fecuring tbt rights of. perfons qualified to voU at county elections.

Preamble. 117 H E R E A S the laws now in being for afeertaining tbt rhjks V V of perfons claiming to vote at the elections of Inigbts of tie /hire to fervt in parliament for that part of Great Britain csBoi England, and for the dominion of Wales, have by experience ten found inadequate: and whereas it is highly expedient to prevent, in fuch elections* difputes* delays, uncertainty* and expence: and whereas it would greatly contribute to the prevention of the feed evils* and to the afeertaining of the rights of the foid perfons* if prep* regifters of freeholders were to be by law efiablifbed: and whereas it would be much for the eafe and convenience of the generality of freeholders* if they were to be enabled to caufe their names to be enrolled therein* without being obliged to travel to a great Sfianu from their refpeClive habitations for that purpofe : be it therefore enaded, and it is hereby enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflcmbled, and by the authority of the fame. That the King’s printer (hall provide, for every county in that part of Gnat number of re- Britain called England* and for every county m the dominion giftera Mihail of Wales* fuch number of regifters as he (in manner hereinafter mentioned) (hall, by the clerk of the peace of each foch county (riding or divifion) refpedively be required to provide •* and every fuch regiftcr (hall be of the form fpecified in the fchedule hereunto annexed, No. 1; and each and every fuch regifter (hall contain a copy of this ad, printed by the •	.	King’s	printer,	in the Roman letter, or in the Roman and

March? 1780! Balici; and there (hall be an abftrad of jhis ad printed in the margin of every fuch copy ; and the King’s printer (haS, on or before the fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, deliver fuch regifters (or caufe the fame to be fafely delivered) to each fuch clerk of the peace refpedively; Clerk of the and every fuch clerk of the peace (hall, on or before the fifth r^re°ifter ^	onc	t*l0U^ar^	^evcn hundred and eighty-nine, de-

to^ach^rrgif- ^iver onc fuch regifter (or caufe the fame 10 be fafely delivered) {er-keeper be- to each perfon herein-after authorifed to ad as a regiftcr-keep-ture Apiil 6, er within fuch refpedive county, and foch regifter-keeper (hall, and is hereby required to fign a receipt for the fame, of the form fpccificd in the fchedule hereunto annexed, No. 2.

'	-	U. And

^	Digitized by VjOOQ 1C

The King's printer to pro ▼rde fuch

be required • and to tranf-snit them to the clerks of the peace for c-ach county in England

178SJ Anno vicefimo oftavo Geokgii III. C. 36.	387

H. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That	parift1 to

there fhall be, for each and every parifh in that part of Great Britain called England, and in the dominion of WaUsy a re-gitter-keeper, and that (inafmuch as there are, in. fome parts of this kingdom, parUhes of a large and inconvenient ex* tent, but which are fubdivided into diftrifts) every fubdivifion of a parifh, or every particular diftrkSk (whether townfhip, and every quarter, hamlet, parochial chapelry, conftablewick, or other) for which a (Separate and diflinft collector or joint coileftors of the there it land tax, is or are'now appointed, (hall be deemed to be a fe- a diftinft col-parate and diftinft parifh for all and every the purpofes of this leftorof the ad, but for no other purpofe ; and that the perfon who fhall {j^Jleemed^i colled the land tax for each parifh (or diftrift) as aforefaid re- diftindtpaHA. fjpedively, (hall be regifter-keeper for fuch parifh (or diftrift), Colleftora of* and he is hereby required to aft as fiich; and where there the land tax to (hall be, for any parifh (or diftrid) as aforefaid, joint collec- j* regif* tors of the land tax, the perfon firft named for collector in the tcr‘ ccpcr8-inftrument appointing fuch joint colleftors, (hall be the regif-ter-lceeper for fuch parifh (or diftrift) 5 and in cafe of the death. If in any di-illaefs, or abfence of the perfon fo firft named, then the next 5n<^hlfre perfon authorised by law to ad as collector, (hall and is here- la£j no by authorifed and required to aft as regifter-keeper for fuch granted, or if parifh (or daftrid); and if at any time there (hall be no land thecolleftor tax granted and affeffablc, or in cafe of the death, illnefs, or (hall die, dec. abfence of every perfon authorised by law to collet the land tor^Tp-tax in any particular parifh (or diftrid) as aforefaid, or if at pointed, the any time there (hall (from any other caufe) be no perfon au- conftable to thorifed by law to colleft the land tax in any fuch parilh (or betheregif-diftrift,) then and in every fuch cafe the conftable or conftables ttr kccPer-of fuch parifh or diftrid (or other officer or officers executing or performing the fame or the like duty as that of conftable) fhall, and is or are hereby required to ad as regifter-keeper for fuch parilh (or diftrid) as aforefaid ; and every perfon who Regifter-fhall aft as regifter-keeper as' aforefaid fhall and is hereby re-quired carefully to preferve the faid regifter, which ihall be Jdfter.andde-called the 44 Regifter of freeholders” for	[fpc-	liver it to kis

cifying the parifh or diftrift as aforefaid], and the faid regif- fucccflbr. ter of freeholders fhall be fafely delivered to the fucceflbr in office of fuch regifter-keeper 5 and that, from and after the Every free-palling of this aft, every perfon having, in any county afore- holdertohave laid, a freehold eftate or eftates within the true intent and mean-ing of this aft, (hall have a Tight to caufe his name to be en- fhe regiftlr rolled in the regifter of freeholders for the parifh (or diftrift) for the parifli as aforefaid within which the whole or any part of fuch eftate where bis or eftates (hall lie, or out of which the whole or any part of «ftate,orpt^ fuch eftate or eftates (hall iflue, upon making perfonal appli- ^‘asd regif-cation for that purpofe to the regifter-keeper of fuch parifh ter-keeper*, if (or diftrift) as aforefaid; and if any regifter-keeper fhall be qualified, may duly qualified, according to the true intent and meaning of this aft, to have his name enrolled in the regifter of free- t v€ * holders in his cuftody, it (hall be Jawful for him to enrol his own name in fuch. regifter.

-	Google	III.	And

388	Annq	viccGmo o&avo Georgii HI. c. 35. [1788,

Freeholders III. And whereas it would be expedient that freeholders* rtjd* refidtng at a \„g Qt Q dijjance from /he parijh or place within which their n* theiVfree-0m fptblive freeholds Jhall lie* or out of' which the fame jball iflue, Jbs&U holds, may be be enabled to cauje their names to be enrolled in the regifter of frte-enrolled, on holders aforefaid, without their being obliged to travel to fuch pc-fWearing to an rjjft j bc jt therefore further ena&ed by the authority afore-fore a juftice	That lt ^all an<* may lawful for any freeholder of any

jof the county county aforefaid, who (hall refide (or (hall be) within fuch in which they county, or within any other county of Great Britain, tocaufe who is his name to be enrolled in the regifter of freeholders aforefaid, »t totheat-" *n l^e Allowing manner ; (that is to fay), fuch freeholder (hall teftation. produce, to any juftice of the peace for the county wjiercfuch freeholder fliall refide (or (hall then be) an atteftation of the form fpecified in the fchedule hereunto annexed, AJo. 3, which atteftation fliall be fworn to and fubferibed by fuch freeholder before fuch juftice, and fuch juftice is hereby impowered and required, upon requeft being made to him by fuch freeholder, to adminifter fuch oath “gratis ” and to fign the jurat at the If thejuftlce foot thereof, (and unlefs the juftice, who (hall fign the faid b5<vnotilmar jurat, (hall be a juftice of the peace for the county in which county where l^e eftate of fuch freeholder (hall lie, or out of which the fame the freehold (hall iflue, an oath of the form fpecified in the fchedule liere-lies, the attef- unt0 annexed. No. 4, (hall be written or printed at the end *rodu-ed^oa	atteftation; and the faid atteftation (hall be pro-

juftice'of thaf duced to fome juftice of the peace for the county in which die county; eftate of fuch freeholder fhall lie, or out of which the fame andtheperfon fliall iflue; and the perfon producing fuch atteftation to fuch producing it juftice (hall, before fuch juftice, take and fubferibe the faid laft m d^ubferibe ment,one<* oat^> anc* fuch juftice is hereby impowered and re-an oath at the cluire^y upon requeft being made to him by fuch perfon, to foot thereof, adminifter fuch oath “ gratis” and to fign the jurat at the On fuch attef- foot thereof); and any atteftation as aforefaid being aftcr-tation’s being wards produced to the proper regifter-keeper aforefaid, the free-produced to holder whofe eftate is deferibed jn the faid atteftation (hall be keeper he" as em*tled to have his name enrolled in fuch regifter of freeholder is freeholders, as if fuch freeholder were perfonally to apply as entitled to be aforefaid to fuch regifter-keeper for that purpofe; and fuch at-enrolled. teftation (hall be left with fuch regifter-keeper, who is here-Attentions by reqUirecj l0 demand the fame to be lo left: and the rcgiftcr-theregiftw- ^cePer foall deliver “gratis" unto -every perfon who lhall keeper, whois produce to him any fuch atteftation as aforefaid, a copy of the to give a copy enrolment which (hall be made in confequencc of fuch attef-of the enrol- tation being fo produced, provided that the faid copy (hall be manded the demanded on the day on which fuch atteftation (hall be fo pro-fame day. duced.

Freeholders IV. And be it further enafled and declared by the authority

above 18 years aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for any freeholder,

*»f age, enti- above the age of eighteen years, ro he enrolled in any regifter

li1,0 ke en- f frec’00idcrs aforefaid, provided fuch perfon (hall have a free-roiled. on rc- t , .	-	.	...	7	r	.	.	r	r	.	.	~	,

quelling fo to h Jd eftate within the true intent and meaning of this act, and

be.	provided fuch perfon (hall, (by pcrfanal application, or by

atteftation.

* L

Digitized by

3*9

«738*1 Anno vicefimo o&avo Georgii 1IL c. 3

atieftation, as aforefaid) rcqueft to be enrolled; and ever}' fuch perfon (hall be as fully entitled to be enrolled, and (hall, in cafe of a refufal, have the fame remedy or remedies, as any ocher freeholder.

V.. And be it further enafled and declared by the authority aforefaid. That the regifters of freeholders aforefaid (hall con- Regifter* to tain the matters and things in the fchedule hereunto annexed, Otters in Afe, 1, particularly fpecified ; and that no regifter-keeper, au- fchedule,N«r. thorifed to make enrolments in purfuance of this ad, (hall rCgjftcr„ have any judicial power or authority whatfoever, with refped keeper to toany queftion which may arife relative to the right of any per- have any ju-fbn to be enrolled within the true intent and meaning of this dicia! power a£t 5 but every fuch regifter-keeper (hall, and is hereby requir- queftion of ed to enrol (or in his orefence to caufe to be enrolled) the name nght to en-of every perfon who (nail (by perfonal application, or by attef- rolment; cation as aforefaid, and at the dwelling-houfe of the proper re- but 18 tocn' gifter-keeper, on any day, and at a feafonable hour) requeft fon^hcTap^* to be enrolled in the proper regifter of freeholders aforefaid; plies accordant! the regifter-keeper who (hall make any fuch enrolment ingtothisad. (or whof (hall caufe the fame in his prefence to be made) (hall Regifter-and is hereby required to fign fuch enrolment; but no regifter- Cn^ment6^a keeper as aforetaid (hall be compellable to make any fuch en- but not com-rolment before the fixth day of April one thoufand (even hun- pellable to dred and eighty-nine, or on a Sunday, a Good Friday, or a U1akc anT bc~ Chrijlmas-ioy, or on any day fet apart by authority for general oron a fading or thankfgiving; and every freeholder, or other perfon Sunday, See. as aforefaid, who (hall (in either manner aforefaid) make ap- Freeholders plication for any fuch enrolment to be made, (hall have the may examine right to be prefent, and to examine whether the fame be cor- an^r^uire redfcly entered in the regifter of freeholders, and (hall likewife ^gifter-have the right to require that the faid regifter-keeper (hould keeper to iiga fign the faid enrolment forthwith in the presence of the perfon them, making fuch application; and every fuch regifter-keeper (hall ^b^made* and is hereby required to make every fuch enrolment u gratis ” gratI-s#

VI.	And be it further cnafted by the authority aforefaid.

That after the tenth day of July one thoufand feven hundred After July to, and ninety, no perfon (nail be permitted to vote at any elec- *79°. noper-tion of any knight or knights of the (hire to ferve in parlia- ^kni 'ht naent for any county aforefaid, until fuch perfon (hall have 0f the (lifrc made the following declaration ; (videlicet),	until he makes

the following

I Do declare, That my name is A. B. and that lam	degaratioo.

[fpecifying the addition, profeffion, or trade of fuch per-(bnj and that the ujual place of my abode is at

Jand, if it be d town confiding of more ftreets than one, then pecifying in what ftreet] in the eounfy of ,	and

that Jam enrolled in the regifler of freeholders for [fpecifying the parilh or diftriCt in the regifter of freeholders for which fuch perfon is enrolled] in she county of and that 1 really and truly have in the f aid pari/h or dijlrift, [or in the faidparifb on difiriH, .and in	Jpecifying in

~ •	wiut

Digitized by v^ooQle

No perron to vote who bat not been enrolled a year.

Perron* tendering rote* to make the following

declaration.

Per fan ft to whom freeholds (hail have come by death, office, or marriage, within 2 yeari beforetendering their

Anno vicefirm o&avo GeoRGII HI. C. 38.

What other parilh or diftrift, if the cafe (ball be, i

ttunty] an tjiaUef	the	clear yearly value of ,

and above the interejl of any money	by	mortgage 1

efiate, and al/o over and above all rents and outgoings) of or in re/pe3 of the faid eftattyother than or parochial taxes; and that the faid efiate	of

[fpecifying whether the fame confide of lands, oreft or of tythes, or of an office, or of a rent charge ; 1 faid efiate confift of lands, or of mefiuage, or of I naming lome occupier of foch lands or mefiuage jr (aid efiate confifi of an office, then naming the that I am in theaffual	pejfeffien or receipt of the rents $

the faid efiate for my own ufe; and that I do [or, da i cafe may be] vote in virtuo of a lea/e, [and if it be-* a leafe, then fpecifying the date of the faid leafe, andt tian names and the fumames of the parties thereto];

1 have not bten polled before at this	;

my knowledge and	belief ,I am of the full age of i

tend have in my faid ejlate a freehold.

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority That after the faid tenth day of July one thou find f deed and ninety, no perfon (except as herein-after (hail have a right to vote at any ele&ion ad any knights of the (hire to ferve in parliament for any cyal (aid, without having been enrolled, as herein* before I ed, in (one regifter of freeholders within foch cow twelve calendar months before the day on which (hall tender his vote at fuch ele&ion ; and every as herein-after excepted) who (hall after the'fei his vote at any fuch election as aforefaid, (hall, permitted to vote at fuch cledion, make the foiloi ration:

I Do declare. That 1 have been enrolled at leaf months in the regifler of freeholders for [fpecifying the pariih or diftrift in the regifter of for which fuch perfon is enrolled] in the county of and that I have, by myfelf or	been	for	at	leaf

lendar months lajl pajl in the aSlual poffcjjion or reeetpt of or profits, for my own	ufe, of the efiate for which	I claim to I

this eleflion.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted by I thority aforefaid. That if anv perfon (without has* name enrolled for twelve calendar months as afe claim a right to vote at anv fuch election as aforefaid, * tue of a freehold eftat* which (hall have come to him i the death of any perfon, or by promotion to any I any office, or by marriage, fuch perfon (hall have a vote for fuch efiate, any thing hercin-before coir~ 1

*y88J Anno viccfimo o&aro GeoroII III. c. 36.	391

CWOTJ notwithftanding, provided that the faid freehold totes, to be dUfe (nail have come to him within two years before the day 4pX which he (hall tender his vote, and provided the perfon fo names have claiming to vbte (hall have had his name enrolled as herein- been enrolled hrfeir mentioned, in the regifter of freeholders for fome pa- prior to ten-rifia (or diftrid) within the countv, before the time when he'd€rin&thero* Hcdl tender his vote; and every fuch perfon who (hall, after the Such perfona Aid tenth day of July one thoofand feven hundred and ninety, *°^*kj* tender his vote at any fuch election as aforefaid, (hall, before,	*

llC be permitted to vote at fuch eledion, make (inftead of the declaration 1aft above-mentioned) the following declaration ;

{videlicet),

*

I Do declare. That the eftate for which 1 claim to Vote at this declaration. elifiion came to mo within two years laft pajl, by the death of £fpccifying the chriftian name and the fur-name of the perfon by whole death the perfon claiming to vote lhall have acquired fuch eftate, or] by promotion to the benefice cf	[or] by promotion to the Office of

CpO h marriage with	[as the cafe may be.]

But no fuch perfon as aforefaid, whofe name (hall have been But no fuch enrolled as aforefaid lefsthan twelve calendar months, (hall be P^0" **" ffennitted to vote, unlefs fuch perfon (moreover) do produce to produce a co* U19 fherifF (or other perfon who (hall by law be ?uthorifcd pT 0f hit en-mtalre the poll at fuch eledion) a copy of his enrolment, and. rolment, and (Kh copy (hall be left with the faid (heriff (or other perfon au- |£iv!L’t tfsbrifcd to take the poll) who is hereby required to demand Uien • Ole faid copy to be fo lefti

IX.	And whereas inconvtniencies might arije, if perfons not hw any frubold ejlate, within the true intent and meaning of this	,

o&y were to caufe their names to be enrolled in any regifter of freeholders as aforefaid; be it therefore further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon (hall (by perfonal appli- If any perfon cation, or by atteftation) caufe his name to be enrolled in any ^i caufe regifter of freeholders which (hall be kept in purfuance of this cnroUed who ad, without fuch perfon adually having, at the time of fuch has not a le-cnrolment, a freeholdj or if fuch eftate (hall not (at fuch gal freehold, time) be of the clear yearly value of forty (hillings, over and or which does above the intereft of any money fecured by mortgage upon the dt°ftriS for * faid eftate, and alfjo over and above all rents and outgoings which the en-payable out of or in refped of the faid eftate, other than par- rolment is, Iiamentary, publick, or parochial taxes 5 or if the whole or jpade, or if he fome part of the faid eftate (hall not lie in the parifti (or diftrid) ^cdpVof the in the regifter of freeholders for which fuch perfon (hall have rents; or if caufed Vis name to be enrolled, or iflbq out of lands or tene- it be fraudu-ments within fuch parifh (or diftrid) ; or if fuch perfon (at lently granted the time of the making of fuch enrolment) (hall not be, by mif!i^te himfelf or others, in the adual pofteflion or receipt of the anyparticu-rents or profits of fuch eftate for fuch perfon’s own ufe; or lars thereof, if any perfon who (hall caufe his name to be enrolled in any he (bail for-Voi. XXXVI.	D	d	fuchfeit ioL

Digitized by Google

39*

Per font voting who arc under twenty-one years, or who have not a freehold, to forfeit aol.

Anno vicefimo oftavo Geor&ii III. c. 36. [1788.

fuch regiftef of freeholders (hall be palfefTed of rto freehold eftate, but of fuch is (hall have been granted to him fraudulently, or in which his intereft (full be nominal or fi&itioos; or (hall, upon perfonal application to be enrblled, mif-ftate any of the particulars directed by this a<51 to be fpecified in his enrolment j every perfon who (hall be found guilty of any of the faid offences, (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to any perfon or perfons Who bill firft fue for the fame.

X.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon (half Vote at any eledion of any knight ot knights of the (hire to ferve in parliament for any oounty aforefaid, in virtue of any eftate which (lull dot be a freehold, or without being of the full age of twenty-one Veats, fuch peffel (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds of lawtfl money 0(Greet Britain to any candidate for whom fuch perfon (hall not have voted at the faid cledion, and who (hall firft foe for the faid forfeiture ; but if no fuch candidate (hall fue iot the faid forfeiture within three calendar (ntirith* after the offence (hall have been committed, then the faid forfeiture (hall go to any perfan or perfons who (hall firft fue for the fame.

XI.	And be it further eriaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any regifter-keeper authorlfed and required to make enrolments in any regiftcr of freeholders in purfuance of this

(hall wilfully refufe to dnfrol therein zi aforefaid the name and not (hew- of any perfbn who (hall (by perfonal applicafidh or atteftatioo) ing fuffivient requeft to have his name fo enrolled, then, ind in fuchc?fe, rcfufaltoa lf	fcfufal being proved upon the oath, of "one ormor*

juftice, to for- credible witnefs or witneftes, before any juftied df the peace feit 40*. to the for the county, (riding or diyifion), it (hall be lawful for Web pc-rfon refuf- juftice, and he is hereby required to fummon fuch regifter-keeper to appear before him, and to (hew caufe why he did fo refufe to make fuch enrolment; and if fetch regifter-keeper (hall not (hew fufficient caufe to fuch juftice for Juch refuhl, or if fuch regifter-keeper, bdng duly fummoned as aforefaid, (hall ncgled to obfcy fuch fummons, without giving fuffident reafon for not obeying the fame, fuch juftice (hall, by warrant under his hand and feal, caufe to be levied, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the faid regifter-keeper, the fum of forty (hillings of lawful money of Great Britain, and alfo the full cofts and charges attending fuch diftrefs and (ale, • and the fum fo levied (hail go and be paid to the perfon who and ifThey re- Hiall have been fo refufed to be enrolled as aforefaid; and if tiineatoCfor- a^ter any ^ch diftrefs and fale fuch regifter-keeper (hall (on ’	*	fre(h	application by fuch perfon as aforefaid to be enrolled)

again refufe to make fuch enrolment, fuch regifter-keeper, being convidled thereof in manner aforefaid, (hall forfeit to the perfon who (hall have been again fo refufed to be enrolled, the fum of ten pounds, (to be recovered in manner aforelaid), and alfo the full cofts and charges attending the diftrefs and fale, and (hall alfo forfeit to the fajd perfon, upon every fubfc-

^	1	quent

Digitized by VjOOQLC

Segifter-keepers.rcfu-fing to make enrolments.

«d;

a i

fat tol and fo for every iuotctquent ret utal.

393

17B&.} Amo vicefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 3

qnent conridion for the like offence, the like fum of ten pounds, (to be recovered in manner aforcfaid), and alfo the fail coils and charges attending the diftrefs and fate.

XII.	And, for the bitter promulgation of this afty be it further Sia&ed by the authority aforcfaid. That the cleric of the Clerk of the peace for every county (riding or divifion) aforcfaid (hall, on jt before the faid fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred toPdeli*er to* ind eighty-nine, caufe to be delivered to the different regifter- the different keepers within the faid county (riding or divifion) a fufficient regifter keep* number of printed copies of the following notice, to be diftri- frs within his tinted by the faid regifter keepers to all the freeholders within ^copies ofs* the diftri&s of fuch regifter-keepers refpeftively ; and the faid notice, to be regifter-keepers are hereby required to leave (or to caufe to be left at the left) one of the faid printed notices at the ufual place of abode cb°uC?jCVC^ of every freeholder within their refpeflive diftri&s, in the faid thVfadd^* * month of April one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine ; month of and every fuch regifter-keeper (hall alfo, on fome one or April; which more of the Sundays in the faid month of April one thoufand •\lf® t®n^jic fmn hundred and eighty-nine, affix, or caufe to be affixed, jjoor of°evcry on the principal door of every church or chapel (if any fuch church, there be) within his refpedtive diftrift, immediately before the ufital hour of morning fcrvice (or if no morning fervice, then immediately before the ufual hour of evening fervice) a notice in the following words; (that is to fay), “ Whereas, by an aft of parliament, made and parted in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, intituled.

An aft for the better fecuring the rights of perfons qualified to vote <* county eleft ions, it is enacted, That no perfon (except as therein excepted) (hall vote at any election of any knight or knights of the (hire to ferve in parliament for any county in that part of Great Britain called England, or in the dominion of Wales, without having had his name enrolled in fome regifter of freeholders within fuch county, at lead twelve calendar months before the day on which fuch perfon (hall tender his vote at fetch ele&ion: every freeholder therefore, having in any one county a freehold eftate of the clear yearly value of forty (hillings, is to take notice of the faid adt, and to caufe his name to be enrolled accordingly; and the collector of the land tax for each pari(h or diftridl (being by virtue of the faid a<fl au-thorifed and required to adt as a regifter-keeper) will be ready St his refpedtive dwelling-houfe on the firft Monday in the month of May one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine,	x

(between the hours of nine in the forenoon and of three in the Afternoon of the faid day) for thepurpofe of making enrolments inporfuance of the faid adkand the faid regifter-keeper (hall Regifter* fibfcribe his name, and his place of abode to the faid notice:

Ind the clerk of the peace for every county (riding or divifion)	D0*

Ifortfeid (hall, on or before the faid fifth day of April one Clcrk of the [thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, alfo deliver, or caufe peace, by 90 be delivered, to each and every regifter-keeper within fuch April 5,17$9, tounty (riding or divifion) a printed charge in what manner t^regmer-*	D	d	2	h*	S

394

keepers charges relative to pob-lifhing the notices, See. to caufe the notices to be proclaimed, and to fend a copy thereof to every newfpaper printed within the county, in thefaid month of April. Regifter-keeper to fign a receipt tor the notices.

Regifter-keepers, between the firft Monday in May ,and June l,1789, to deliver to every freeholder, who has not been enrolled the following fummons.

Regifter-keeper to fub-fenbe the fulfcmons.

Regifter-keeper to be already at his

Anno vlcefimo o&avo Georgii III, c. 36. [1788;

he is to publifh the faid notices, and alfo in what manner foch regifter-keeper is (in other rcfpe&s) to execute this ad, which charge (hall be of the form ipecitied in the fchedule hereunto annexed. No. 8.; and every fuch clerk of the peace (hall caufe the faid notice to be publickly proclaimed in all the principal ftreets, fquares, and places, in every market town within the county (riding or divifion) on fame market day (if £ny foch there be) in the faid month of April one thoufand fetfen hundred and eighty-nine; and every fuch clerk of the peace (hall fend a copy of the faid notice to the printer of every newfpaper printed within fuch refpedtive county (riding or divifion), in order that the fame may be inferted in a confpicuous manner at the head of the firft column of the firft page of every fuch newfpaper, once in the faid month of April one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-nine; and every regifter-keeper aforefaid (hall fign a receipt for the faid notices* of the form fpecified in the fchedule hereunto annexed, No. 2.

XIII.	And wbereasit is expedient to prevent any freeholder from being by accident or inattention omitted to be enrolled in the fad rv-gijler of freeholders; be it further enacted by the authority afore-laid, That every regifter-keeper aforefaid (hall, between the faid firft Monday in the faid month of May one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-nine and the firft day of the month of June then next following, deliver or caufe to be fafely delivered unto each and every perfon who (hail have a freehold efbfte within the parifh (or diftri<ft) of fuch regifter-keeper, and who (hall then refidc within fuch parifh (or diftridt), and who (hall not have caufed his name to be enrolled as aforefaid in the regifter of freeholders of fuch parifh (or diftrift), a printed or written fummons in the following words; (videlicet), <4 By an a£t of parliament, made and pafled in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, intituled, An aft for the better fecuring the rights of per font qualified to vole at county elections, it is ena&ed. That if you have a freehold of the clear yearly value of forty (hillings within my dif-tridt, and if you (hall not caufe your name to be eorolled in the regifter of freeholders in my cuftody before the feoond Tburfday in the month of June one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine; then and in fuch cafe you (hall appear before me at my dwelling-houfe on the faid day, and between the boors of nine in the forenoon and of three in the afternoon of the faid day, in order then and there to caufe your name to be enrolled; for, you will not be entitled to vote at any election of any knight or knights of the (hire to ferve in parliament, in virtue of the faid freehold, without having l>ad your name enrolled in fuch regifter of freeholders at Teaft twelve' calendar . months before the day on which you (hall tender your vote at fuch ele&ion ;” and the faid regifter-keeper (hall fubfcribe his name and his place of abode to the (aid fummons*

XIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefeid. That each and every regifter-keeper (hall, and he is hereby required to be ready at his r$fpe£Uvo dwclling-houfe, on the

^	*	Digitized	by V. 3O01C	®

\

1^88;] Anno viceGmo oftavo Georoii III. c. 36.	395

fikf firft Monday of the faid month of May one thoufand feven houfc on the fcumkedand eighty-nine, between the hours of nine in the fore- Monday m ODoa andjof three in the afternoon of the faid day, for the pur- make7urol-° fofc of making enrolments in purfuance of this ad: and if any meats; fegiftcr-keeper aforesaid (hall have fent any fummons as afore-Aid, then, and in fuch cafe, every fuch regifter- keeper refpec~ tirelv, is hereby aifo required to be ready at his then dwelling houie* 00 the faid fecond Thurfday of the faid month of June one and on the thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, between the hours of fecond Thur-ntne i» the forenoon and of three in the afternoon of the faid j?Lm ^unc day, for the purpofe of making enrolments in purfuance of this 9*

* XV, And be it further enafted by^the authority aforefaid,

That the King’s printer (hall provide for each clerk of the The King’s peace aforefaid, a number of books equal to the number of Pinter to aegifters which he (hall have provided tor fuch refpedive clerk toTdmit^-of the peace in purfuance of this ad, and the faid books (hall be pjt8 Gf en* * made in the manner fpecified in the fchedule hereunto annexed, rolmentf, and 2ft. 7, and (hall be fo bound as to admit leaves containing copies b'J,nk foring of enrolments as herein-after mentioned, to be inferted therein;	a‘n<|

mod (haH alfo provide a number of blank forms of enrolments to tranfmit {according to the form fpecified in the fchedule. No. 1, hereunto them to the annexed, but printed on (ingle half (heets) equal to the total derks of thf number of forms of enrolments contained in the whole number of regifters which he (hall have provided for each fuch clerk of atim peace refpedively: and the King’s printer (hall, on or before flte faid fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and «ighty~nine, deliver (or caufe to be fafely delivered) the faid books and blank forms to each fuch clerk of the peace refpeftive- Clerks of the ly ; and each clerk of the peace aforefaid (hall, on or before the Pfac£» hy«9~ ttid fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and eighty- toPdiftribute * nine, diftribute (or caufe to be properly dlftributed) one half of half the blank the Aid blank forms, amongfl all the regifter-keepers within the formsamongft county (riding or divifion) of fuch clerk of the .peace; and each the filch regifter-keeper (hall, and is hereby required to fign a receipt arc rc* for the feme, of the form fpecified in the fchedule hereunto an- ceipts for nexed. No. 2.*	them.

XVI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That every regifter-keeper (or perfon officiating as fuch as afore- Regifter-faid) (hall, previous to the general quarters feffions of the peace ket'Pers which (hall be held for the county (riding or divUion) in the enrol-tnonth of July one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, ments in the make (or caufe to be made) upon the blank forms of enrolments regifter upon on (ingle half (heets, mentioned in this aft, anexaft andcorreft copy of each and every enrolment contained in the regifter of i^r them to freeholders in his cuftody, and of the progreftive number of the clerk o# every fuch enrolment, and (hall carefully examine the faid copies the peace at with the correfponding enrolments in the original regifter, and [h^*quart|riv (hall carry and deliver the faid copies to the clerk of the peace at 1V9 ”verifyu the faid general quarter feftions, and (hall then and there declare ingthemupoa ppon oath (or upon folemn affirmation, if he fhafl bepqe of th$ oath; and -	Ddq	'	people	afterwards, m

Digitized by VjOO^lC

39$

January and July yearly, to deliver in like manner copies of the enrolments

and a figrned

Police, if no

Anno vicefimo oftavo GeoRGIi III. c. 36. [iyM* people called Quakers) that the faid copies are exa<5fc and truft copies of the relpe&ive originals ; and every regifter keeper (hall twice in every year afterwards (namely, in the month of Jowaj "and in the month of July of every fubfequent year) carry stride-H*er to the clerk of the peace, at the general quarter feffioftsof made in the t^e peace which tTi a i 1 then be held for the county (riding or diyear! and aUo	a copy of every enrolment that (hall have been made id the

fuch’attetta'r regifter cf freeholders in his cuftody, in the half year inunctions as may diately preceding each fuch general quarter feffions refpcdtifdy,

ha*th thCn *-Cft an^	c^cn an<* t*lcrc vcr>fy fuch copy or copies upon

wi u cm; oath (or affirmation) as aforefaid, and every copy aforeOud(hall be made gratis; and ev$ry fuch regifter keeper (hall at the feme time alfo deliver unto fpeh clerk of thfc peace every atteftatioii which lhall have been left with fuch regifter-keeper as aforefaid: and if no enrolment (hall have been made in any regifter of freeholders as aforefaiil, fince the laft copy which (hall have been been midc.** delivered to thc clerk °f r^c peace as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe fuch regifter-keeper (hall deliver (or fafely tranfmit, (ealed up) unto fuch clerk of the peace as aforefaid a notice, of the form fpecifiad in the fchedule hereunto annexed, No. which notice ihall be figned by fuch regifter-keeper.

XVII.	And be it further cnafted by the authority afordaid, Clerk of the That every fuch clerk of the peace (hall carefully keep allcqps peace to pafte 0f enrolments received by him from any pari(h (or diftrjA) is

cnrolmcntfiQ »^fa*d* *nd ({®T/br bctt?' p«fc"*ng *hcr^m.e).ft^11 a book; and the books, of the form fpcctned in the fchedule hereunto «h

if any enrol- nexed, No. 7, <0 be intituled with the name of fuch rdftSSt^

ments or at- pari(h (or diftridt) as aforefaid, and (hall caufe every fuch copy

wanting* or ift0 Pa®®d m fuch book on the front of the leaf having thetaa

he (hall not progreflive number as is contained in fuch refpedive enrolment;

have received and the faid clerk of the peace (hall carefully examine ail the pro*

any copy of greffive numbers of fuch copies, and all attentions by himrt-

r.oti^i»llt,0r ce,VC(* as af°rcfa^» and (upon fuch examination) it (balJtp-

aforeftiid to Pear ^at anY ^ch C0P7 wanting; or if (from a comparifoo

of the faid atreftations with the copies of the enrolments of per-

fons abfentat the time of enrolment) rt /hall appear that any fuch

atteftation be wanting; or if fuch clerk of the peace (h|il not

have received from each and every regifter-keeper either a copy

of fome enrolment, or elfc a notice as aforefaid of no enrolment

having been made; then in each and every fuch cafe the kid

clerk of the peace (hall give notice thercctf unto the regifter-

keeper herein-before directed to deliver (or fafely tranfmit) fiich

refpeftive paper to fuch clerk of the peace, and the faid clerk of

the peace (hall repeat fuch notice as aforefaid as often as the cafe

(hall require it; and every clerk of the peace aforefaid (hall and is

>	hereby required carefully to preferve all fuch books as aforefaid,

be delivered*0 anc* ^ewife al' attentions and notices which (hall or may have

to hiafuccef- ^cen delivered to him, or to any of ins predeceffors in office, in

for.	purfuanceof this adt; and all fuch copies, books, atteftationsand

notices as aforefaid, lhall be fafely delivered to the fucccflorin

office of fuch clerk of th$ peace.

~	XVIII And

Digitized by vjOOQLC

give notice thereof to the regifter-keeper.

and he is to

preferve all

*7&S.] Anno viccGmo odtaroGEoRGli III. C.36.	397

XVIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Regifter-

That every regifter-keeper aforefaid (hall, in the month of May wCpcr3jn one thoufand feven hundred and ninety (and alfo in the month J^o^andfo of May in every following year! carefully examine all the enrol- annually, to ments entered in the regifter of freeholders in his cuftody ; and carry the re-if any nerfon whofe name is enrolled therein (hall be then dead, and or (hall have difpofed of his freehold eftate within fuch parifh cn^mentsof (or diftvi<5t), then and in either of the faid cafes fuch regifter- fuchperfons keeper (hall, in the faid month of May (or in the month of June as (hail be $hen next following), and he is hereby required to carry the faid dcad> or ^*11 regifter to fome juftice of the peace for fuch county (riding or ofthdrfree^ divifioo), and (hall at the fame time carry to fuch juftice a true holds, to a copy of the enrolment of every perfon who (hall be dead, or who ,juft!ce(who (hall have difpofed of his freehold as aforefaid; and fuch juftice 1* to fill up the (upon the application of the faid regifter-keeper) (hall, and is menu>ranthC hereby required to fill up the blanks in the memorandum at the duma), and end of fuch original enrolment in the regifter, and to fill up the to deliver the blanks in the memorandum at the end of the faid copy, and to copies to the fign his name at the end of each fuch memorandum; and the clerk of the £ud regifter-keeper (hall, in the month of July then next follow- ^arte'/fef-6 ing, carry and deliver fuch copy to the clerk of the peace at the Hows in July, general quarter felfions of the peace which (hall then be held for Clerk of the the faid county (riding or divifion); and the faid clerk of the peace to pafte peace is hereby required carefully to keep fuch copy, and (for the copies in the better preferving the fame) (hall caufe fuch copy to be pafted book^oiTtbe in the proper book, and on the back of the leaf having the fame back of the progreuive number as is contained in fuch enrolment; but no leaves having clerk of the peace, or regifter-keeper, (hall (trike out or erafe L^efaa?^eum" any fuch enrolment as aforefaid, but the fame (hall continue and enrolment. Hand upon the regifter.	No enrolment

XIX.	And whereas rent charges or annuities iffuing out of free- to be erafed. hold lands or tenements, and granted for a life or livesy or greater

iftatiy as likewife leafesy are of a private nature, and therefore liable to fraudulent pr a flues in the eleflions of knights of the Jbire: be it therefore further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That if The votes of any perfon (hall have voted at any election as aforefaid for or in PcrfM»8 en-relpedt of any fuch rent charge or annuity as aforefaid, fuch vote charge^/^ (hall not be valid, unlefs the directions of an adt (hall have been annuities, complied with, that was made and pafted in the third year of the not to be va-reign of his prefent majefty King George the Third, intituled, jjd> l]",cf8 t!lc An afl to prevent fraudulent and occaftonal votes in the eleflions ^ knights of the /hire, and of members for cities and towns which are be complied * counties of themfelves, fo jar as relates to the right of voting by virtue with, and a of an annuity or rent charge; and that if any perfon (hall have memorial of voted at any eledtion as aforefaid in refpedt or by virtue of any Entered with , leaf*granted for a life or lives, or joint lives, or a greater eftate the clerk of of any freehold lands or tenements, fuch vote (hall not be valid, the peace bc-unlefs a memorial of fuch leafe (hall have been enrolled with the the ^c-. clerk of the peace before the firft day of fuch eledtion, which me- §hcTdVt morial (hall contain the date of the leafe, the parties thereto, the par:ie lands or tenements demifed thereby, aud the Habendum thereof, the lamb, and

Ddi	•	atlhcHabtn*

T	dun.

Digitized by

Google

39*

Clerks of the

peace, by April 5, 1789, to rrovide book^ for enrolling ftich memorials.

The (heriff to provide for each dittrid a book for taking the poll.

Freeholder to vote at the poll book of the diftrid in which he i* enrolled.

From July 10, 1790, filer itts are to receive the vote of every perfon tendering it at the proper poll book, and making the rcquilite declaration, &c.

Perfont aatHorifed to take the poll, to adminifter declaration*.

Sheriff tode* darethenupa-ber of votes given for each candidate, and,if within one hour afterwards, ten freeholders demand a fqrytiny, tQ

Anno vlccfimo o&avo Georgh IIL c. 36, [i

at full length; and every clerk of the peaceaforefaid (hall, before the faid fifth day of April one thouland fetor* and eighty-nine, provide proper books of blank paper enrolling of every fuch memorial, and (hall be paid at of one penny (and no more) for every thirty words coi fuch memorial, and (hall enrol fuch memorial as foon be after requisition made to him for that purpofe.

XX.	And, for the more eafy detrition of fraudulent^ ehfiiom of any knight or knights of the jbire to fcrvt in any county aforefaxdy be it further cnaAed by the aittitorkyi faid. That, at every fuch elcdion, the (heriffof the for the taking of the poll, provide, or caufe to be pri each parifh (or diftriA) as aforefaid within fuch county,-rate book (or feparate paper), or. feparate books (or papers), of the form fpccified in the fchedule hereunto No. 6; and at every fuch eleAion every freeholder Audi _ vote at fome poll book (or paper) proyided for the pnM diftriA) as aforefaid, in the rcgiftfcr of freeholders for freeholder (hall, have been enrolled ai aforefaid; and poll (hall be taken down in the forta arid manner fpedfed laid fchedule, A/i. 6.

XXI.	And be it further enaAcd by the authority That, from and after the faid tenth day of July one feven hundred and ninety, no (herilF, or other perfon by law be autborifed to take the poll at any fuch* ‘ aforefaid, (hall have any judicial power or authority to determine the right of voting of any perforv who (hall his vote at fuch ele&iont but every fuch (heriff, or other autborifed to take the poll at aofy fuch eleAion as afbfe£nd,: from and after the faid laft-mentioned day, ad merely tni ally in the taking of fuch. poll, that is to fay, he mall hereby required to receive the vote of every perfon whoihall his vote at the proper poll book (or paper) a9 aforefaid, fhall make fuch refpeAivc declarations as are above be made at fuch county eleAion, and who (hall alfo takfc fuch rcfpeAive oath or oaths as (hall by any ad or ads of] liament then in force be direAed to be adminiftered at tnyi election; and every perfon who (hall by law be authi take or to aflift in taking the poll at any fuch eleAion as faid, is hereby empowered and required to adminifter ‘re'fpeAivc declarations.

XXII.	And be it further enaded by the authority Thar, alter the (aid tenth day of July one thoufand (cm dred and ninety, no ferutiny (lull be granted or had atanjfcfc eleAion 9s aforefaid, except for the foie purpofe hcreuMW1 mentioned; and at every fuch eleAion the (heriff of the cowfr* (hql!, without delay, caft up, and caufc to be publicklydecWf the number of votes given for each candidate at fuch defttoty 9»id if within ^one hour after the faid numbers IhaHhavelmA* declared, aierptiny (hall be demanded by any candidate, orlf ?njh*t4 frKfeol&r* erf the eounty, ip writing, uadataertwr

n 1

Digitized by VjOOQLC

17M.] Anno vicefimo oftavo GeoRGII III. 361	299

fund or hands, alledging that perrons had voted at the eledion, to proceed who had negleded to comply with one or more of the diredions thereinon th# ofthia ad, then, and in fuch cafe, the laid (heriff (hall grant ^cftit be ^ filch farutiny, and (hall proceed therein on the day following, Sunday, &c. unlefs fiich day (hail be a Sundayr, a Good-Friday, or a Cbri/lmas-day, or a day fet apart by authority for general falling or thankf-giving, (and if a Sunday, a Good-Friday, or a Cbrijimas-day, or a day fet apart as aforefaid, then on the following day) ; and the Clerk of the clerk of the peace for the county (or the clerks of the peace for {*** *° **• the ridings or divifions within the fame) (hall attend the llieriff thcfCTuSny, oil every day of the faid fcrutipy (and at or before the hour of with copies of eight in the forenoon of each fuch day); and (hall tarry with enrolments, him or them all copies of enrolments which he or they is or are by this ad direded to keep, and alfo all books wherein memo-rialsof leafes (halt have been enrolled as aforefaid, and likewife all books of entries of certificates and memorials, kept by fuch clerk or clerks of the peace in purfuance of the above-mentioned ad made and pafled in the third year of the reign of his prefent msjefty King Goorgt the Thiidj and if upon fuch ferutiny it Sheriff, on Hull appear to the faid (heriff that any perfon (hall have voted fcniriny,to without having been enrolled in purfuance of this ad, or (hall	tefm

have voted in virtue of a leafe without a memorial of fuch leafe fonswbohave having been enrolled with the proper clerk of the peace as afore- not been cn-faid, or (hall have voted for or in refped of any rent charge or rolled, etc. annuity ifming out of freehold lands or tenements without hav-	to

ing complied with the diredions contained in the above-men- * tioned ad, made and pafled in the third year of the reign of his prefent majefty King George the Third, then, and in every fuch cafe/th£ (aid (heriff (hall rejed the faid vote, and (hall, upon but not to the original poll book, and oppofite to the name of fuch voter, crafe the cn-write the word, “ rejeftedf but (hall not (trike out or erafe the try of the entiy of fuch vote in the faid poll book.	TOtc*

XXIII.	And whereas it would be expedient that every regijler of freeholders which /Ball be kept in purfuance of this aft for any partjb (or diftrift) as aforefaid, Jbould, at all feafonable times, be accejfible to every freeholder as aforefaid, who may apply to have his name enrolled in fuch regijler of freeholders; be it therefore further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That every fuch regifter of freeholders Regifterto rental! always remain in the cuftody of the perfon who (hall ad as main with the the regifter-keeper for fuch parilh (or diftrid) for the time being, and not upon any occafion or under any pretence whatever (ex-cept as herein-after excepted) be carried to any diftance from fuch parifh (or diftrid); and every copy of any enrolment or Copy of en-enrolments in any fuch original regifter of freeholders as afore- rolmcnts in faid* which (hall be proved upon oath to be a true and corred regifter to be copy, by any perfon who (hall have carefully examined the fame,

(hall be deemed legal evidence of fuch enrolment or enrolments; ancTalfo copy and;if in any cafe no fuch copy, examined with the original kept by the regifter of freeholders, and proved upon oath to be a true clerk of the and corred copy as aforefaid, (hall (uy any witnefs who (hall care- fr"h7he futtyirave examined the fame) be produced, then and in fuch rCgjfter?s not

cate produced.

400

Kegifter may

Aiino viaefinoo a&avo Georoii IIL c.}6. {i

cafe (lie copy of any enrolment or enrolments which (halifc clerk of the peace be kept in purfuance of this a£t (hallfecj ed legal evidence of any fuch enrolment or enrolment*: ed always. That nothing herein contained fliall '

loft ice” or to* 000 ft rued to extend, ,to prohibit the carrying of any i

theaffizci.

Rfgifters, etc, may he in-fpeded on paying, is.

gifter of freeholders to any juftice of the peace for (riding or divifion) in the particular cafes above fp

Srohibit the producing of any fuch regifter at any; eld for the refpedive county to which fuch regifter I XXIV. And be k further ena&cd by the authority \ That it lhall and may be lawful for any perfon, at all ^ times, to refort to, and infpcdl any regifter of freeh any atteftation or atteftations, which (hall be kept by i ter-keeper aforefaid j or any book or books of copies l merits, or any atteftation or atteftations aforefaid, on or books of enrolments of memorials of leafes, kept by any clerk of the peace in puiluance of this j perfon, previous to any fuch infpeflion, paying to fi keeper, or to fuch clerk of the peace refpe£tlyel)i, one (hilling for each infpedtion of every fuch rcgift€fe| or atteftation.

XXV. And be it further enaded by the authority * Kegifter- ^ That every regifter-kceper (hall and is hereby requiq

livercopies of hver a true and cxa& C0Py or of any enrolment* enrolments, ments, or of any atteftation or atteftations in his cufto or attefta- any perfon or perfons who (hall demand the Came; iron#.	clerk 0f the pcacc aforefaid is hereby required to deli?

Ceace to de* an{*exa<^ C0Py or C0P*CS afly atteftation, or of any atl liverCcopics of °.r °f any enrolment or enrolments of freeholders, or< atteftations, rials of leafes, in his cuftody as aforefaid, unto any j enrolments, perfons who fliall demand the fame; and every fuch j °.r,of	livered by any fuch regifter-keeper, or by any fuchi

na s o ea ei. pcacc refpC(5tively, (hall be figned by the regifter-ke< the clerk of the peace delivering the fame; and fuch'i be delivered within a rehfonable time after the fame Feeforcopie*. been demanded ; and fuch regifter-keeper, or clerk ofi refpeftively, (hall be paid for every fuch copy (at fame ftiall be demanded) at and after the rate of two-jp every fuch copy of any freeholder's enrolment, and at t one penny for every thirty words in any fuch atteftatioa ( morial of a leafe; and all copies of enrolments (hall bp J

Copies of all

enrolments to upon the blank forms of enrolments on fingle halfjhectM the,biank,f>0n t,oncc* in this (or otberwife; provided always that \*

forms.

copies be in the form of the.original enrolment.)

XXVI. And be it further enaded by the authority That every regiftcr-keeper aforefaid (hall, and he is quired to take care to be at all times provided with cierx oi me numher °f blank forms of enrolments aforefaid; and;i peacewheirihe iimc he *h*h have but few fuch left, or if any regifter gf wants blank holders*for any parifb (or d;ftri<ft) as aforefaid ihaUbeouffl forma, etc. damaged* or if fuch regifler (hall be nearly filled with

Kegifter-. keeper to apply to the clerk of the

ml

Digitized by

Google



x 788.] Anno vicelkno o&avo Georgii IIL c. $6.	40j

naents, then and in any fuch cafe the fegifter-keeper (hall and is and the clerk hereby required to requeft the clerk of the peace for the county i^nSS^ priding or divifion) to provide him with fuch blank forms, or them^u <Wth a new regifter (as the cafe may require); and fuch clerk of application, the peace, upon receiving any fuch application, (hall and is here-required forthwith to deliver, or fafely tranfmit to fuch re-giftrr^kccpcr, a fufficient number of fuch blank forms, or a new ffegifter as aforefaid; and every fuch new regifter lhall be made piftbe form and in the manner aforefaid; and in every fuch new . .	.

lifter (hall be contained a copy of this aft, printed by the pC^e sag’s printer as above direfted: and every fuch clerk of the caretobepro-^ ace {hall and is hereby required to take care to be at ail times vidcd whn provided with a fufficient number of the faid blank forms, and blank form j yrith a fufficient number of fuch new regifters as aforefaid. an rcSlftcri* , XXVII. And be it further cnafted by the authprity aforefaid,

hat (in order to afcertain the number of diftrifts which (hall be Clerk of the deemed parities, within the true intent and meaning of this aft) Jfou8toP0&o-Ike clerk of the peace for every countv (riding or divifion) afore- |*r ,7$^ to fiid, (hall, previous to the month of Oftober one thoufand feven make out a -Susndred and eighty-eight, make out a full, exaft, accurate, and lift °/ *y«T Complete lift, which (hall contain every diftrift within fuch re-	***

j^eftive epunty (riding or divifion), whether parifh, town(hip, °

Quarter, hamlet, parochial chapelry, conftablewick, or other, for which a ieparate and diftinft colleftor, or joint colleftors of ti&e land tax is or are now appointed; and every receiver general Receiver ge-pf the land tax within any county aforefaid, (hall.and is hereby	tcT

fequired to give his utmoft affiftance in the making out or per-Meeting the faid lift, on being duly required fo to do by any fuch ingit out. fleck of the peace ; and every fuch clerk of the peace (hall pro- Clerk of the duce fuch lift to the juftices of the peace at the general quarter peace to pro-Jelfions of the peace which (hall be held for fuch county (riding ^^ctbe^r or divifion} in the faid month of Oftober one thoufand feven hun- felons in the dred and eigbty-cight, and (hall then and there declare upon faid mouth of oath before the faid juftices, (or upon folemn affirmation, if he October, and ihall be one of the people called Quakers) that the faid lift is, to iton the bed of bis knowledge, information, and belief, a true lift of oa * the feveral diftrifts within fuch county (riding or divifion), for which a feparate and diftinft colleftor, or feparate and diftinft Jufticestofigu colleftors of the land tax is or are then appointed, and the faid	which

juftices (hall then lign fuch lift, and the fame (hall be care- amongft the fully preferved amongft the records of fuch county; and an exaft county re-copy of fuch lift (hall be made by the faid clerk of the peace, cords, and ?q<! (hall (within one calendar month) be by him delivered unto c,crk of she (heriff of fuch county; and the faid clerk of the peace fhall, {^VcopT on or before the twenty-fourth d2y of the faid month of Oflobtr to the (heriff one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, require the (ting’s within a printer in London to provide and to fend to him anumber of re-gifters that (hall be.equal to the number of diftrifts contained in the lift aforefaid, and alfo one additional regifter for every ten the King's diftrifts contained in the faid lift (in order to fupply the regifter- printertofend peepers wish new regifters in thcc^fcs herein-beioyc mentioned);

and

Digitized by

Google

regifters, etc.

402	Anno	vicefimo	o&avo	GeoRgh III. e.:3$.

Clerk of the and every clerk of the .peace fhall afterwards from time to l

tA milr^ _ _ _ t - _ _ v* . ■ * C   /* _________■_____ tT - -	-	*'

Juftices may amend lifts.

peace to make app]y to ^ King's printer for fuch number of new pi^ofthelift (mac*c *n manner afbrefaid) as occafion may requiit; and kray aforefaid, on clerk qf the peace (hall make an attefted copy of tbe lift afion* being paid id. (aid for arty perfon who (hall demand the fame, fuch peHM for jo words, paying for luch copy (at the time the fame (hall bedemanAtf at the rate of one penny for every thirty words contained in ftp lift ; and if any parilh (or diftrid) (hall be omitted ill die pfe ginal lift aforefaid, it (hall and may be (awful for the joftfahl of the peace, at any general quarter feflions of the peace for# ™ddhcaVhe tounty (riding or divifion), upon fuch’fad being proved"fa clerk of the them upon oath, and they are hereby required to caofe Mh peace to fend lift to be amended, by inferting therein the name of * rcgift^to ri^ (of diftrid); and the faid juftices (hall order the clerk of omittedin the Pcace t0 fcn<* a regifter as aforefeid to the perfon btertbp*#* lift;	thorifed	to ad as regiffer-keeper for fuch pari(h (or diftrf6t)*‘>*#

XXVIII.	And be it further eriaded by the authority nfom Deputy to the faid, That all the matters and'things by this ad required to In clerk of the done or performed by any clerk of the peace aforefaid, maf Srhim.17^ a^° be kpNy done and performed by the lawful deputy «

fuch clerk of the peace; and in cafe of the illnefe or abfenceof any fuch clerk of the peace, the lawful deputy of fetch clerk of the peace is hereby required to ad as clerk of the pa# with refped to all matters and things by this ad directed tft be done.	•*'

XXIX.	Atid be it further enaded by the authority afew# Expences in- faid. That all fuch neceflary expcnces as mall or may be inew*-

pJin. red by the Xing's printer as aforefaid, or by any fuch clerk df ter" or clerk the peace as aforefaid, in or by the carrying of this a6t int# of the peace, execution, (hall be borne and defrayed by fuch refpedfwi * to be paid out county out of the county rate, as alfo all other reafemablt Of the comity charges which (hall be made by any fuch clerk of the peace, on

Clerk of the peace's expcnces to be fettled at the quarter fef-fioiis, &c.

account of the trouble which he (hall or may have had in tbe carrying of this ad into execution, and the amount of foc^K expences and charges of any fuch clerk of the peace (hall be fettled and allowed by the juftices at any general auarter feflions of the peace; and in fuch of the counties aforefaid, in which there are or may be feparate and diftind rates for different ridings, or other diviftons of fuch counties refpedively, the faid expences or charges (hall be borne and defrayed out of fuch refpedive rates, in fuch refpedive (hares and proportions as fuch refpedive ridings, or other diviftons of fuch county, (hall then pay (or (hall then laft have paid) towards the land tax of fuch county.

XXX. And be it further enaded by the authority afofefiud, From Jul? 10, That, from and after the faid tenth day of July one thoufand turning offi- fevert hundred and ninety, the oath commonly called The re-cer’g oath not turning officer's oath, preferibed by an ad made and paffed m ♦obeadmini- the fecond year of his late majefty King George the Second, ftered/ intituled. An aft for the more effectual preventing bribery and corruption in the eleflim of members tofervt in parliament, fhall not be

^	.	ad mini-

Google

1738.] Anno vicefimo oftaro Georgii lit c. 36.	403.

adminiftered at any election of any knight or knights of the (him to ferve in parliament for any county aforelaid..

XXXI.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore-

laid, Tint, from and after the faid tenth day of one thou- .the *'**" and feveo hundred and ninety, the oath commonly called The bodcn 0116» freeholders oath, prefcxibed by an ad made and palfed in the eighteenth year of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, Anto	explainand mend the laws touching the

of knights of the flirt to fervo in parliament for that tart of Great Britain called England, fhsdl not be adminifterea at any elec-tion of any knight or knights of the (hire to ferve in parliament for any county aforefaid.

XXXII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That, from and after the faid tenth day of July one thoufand and so Geo. j. feven hundred and ninety, the ad ritade and palled in the jjj f" twentieth year of bis prefcnt majefty King	the Third, eieaidri of

intituled, An c£l to remove certain difficulties relative to voters at member* of county eleflions,(hall be and is hereby repealed, as far as the parliament, to hid ad relates to the eledion of any member or members to be	»

ferve in parliament.

XXXIII.	And be it further enadled by the authority afore*

faid. That, from and after the faid tenth day of July one thou- a*alfoi8Geo. fand (even hundred and ninety, all fuch parts of the above- ^flate/to*^ mentioned ad, made and palled in the eighteenth year of his tabling per-late majefty King George the Second (and all fuch parts of any fonsfrom vot-othcr ad or ads of parliament) as do difable any perfon to vote ing for mef-atany eledion of any knight or knights of the (hire to ferve £ave*not beca in parliament for any county aforelaid, in refped, or in right,	tofc

of any melfuages, lands, or tenements which (hall not have ward* the been charged, or aflefled towards a bad tax, fhall be, and the land tax. fame are hereby repealed. ; .

XXXIV.	And be it further enadpd by the authority aforefaid, That where any woman, the widow of any perfon who Second huf-was tenant in fee or in tail, fhal( be entitled to dower, or band* may thuds, by the common law, out of tbe freehold eftate of v?tflI? which her hufband died feifed or pofTefTed, and fhall intermarry dower,'tlio*6 with a fecond hufband, fuch fecond hufband fhall not be pre- not fet’out by eluded from voting in refped of fuch dower or thirds (if fuch bound*, dower or thirds fhall be of tbe clear yearly value of forty (hillings as aforefaid), by reafon that the fame (hall not have been

affigned or fet out by metes or bounds: provided always, that fp$h fecond hufband (hall purfue, as aforefaid, the directions of this ad.

XXXV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon, making any declaration, or taking Perfonsmak-anyoath -or,affirmation, by. this ad authorifed or required to •ng.orfub-bp undertaken, fhall thereby be guilty of wilfully making a folnake, a6” falfit-declaration, or fhall commit wilful perjury, or be guilty f*ife dcclara-of, lalfe affirmation, or if any pprfon (hall unlawfully procure tfoq, to for-or kbornajty perfon to make any. fuch declaration, or to take feit J001,3cc-any oath 9r affirmation, by this ad authorifed or required to he

. k.	y	made

Digitized by

Google

Perfona de* ftroying re-gifteri, ice. or altering them, &c. to be tranfport-ed.

How forfeitures may be recovered.

Limitation of adiona.

Anno vkefimo o&avo GfcoitGtl HI. c. 3^. [if

made or taken, whereby fuch perfon fhall be guilty of I a falfe declaration, or mall commit wilful perjury, or I of falfc affirmation, every fuch perfon, upon being coov indidmerrf, of making foch falfe declaration, or of f or procuring any perfbn to make fuch falfe decUrattoM forfeit a fum, not exceeding five hundred pounds, mti alfo be Imprifoned for: any time, not lefs than one 3 not exceeding three years; or, upon being eonvidci didment, of committing wilful perjury, or fiibornttioiW jury, or of making falfe affirmation, or of fuborning = curing any perfon to make* falfe affirmation, dial) in fuffer the like pains and penalties as are by law inflideil perfons committing wilful and corrupt perjury, or falr^ of perjury.

XXXVI.	And be it further enaded by the aut

faid, That if any perfon, from and after the paffinguft (hall wilfully and malicioufly deftroy, orcaufeorpr deftroyed, or (hail aid or aflift in deftroying, any freeholders, or ahy book of copies of enrolments, or 1 of enrolments of memorials of leafes, or any atteftatioQ^' regifter, of book, or atteftation, (hall be kept in ptirfiii this ad; or (hall wilfully and malicioufly erafe, orfclMfli or caufe or procure to be erafed or falfely altered, the 1 any part of ally enrolment, or copy of enrolment, tn i regifter, or in any fuch book, or any arteftatiod ttfordaati (hall wilfully and malicioufly infert, or caufe or prdeuirf inferted, in any fuch regifter, or in any fuch book n(‘ faid, any counterfeit or fiditious enrolment, or copy of < menf; or (hall wilfully and malicioufly make, or cadet cure to be made, any forged, counterfeit, or fiditious or book, or enrolment, or copy of enrolment, or aforefaid; or fhall forge or counterfeit the name of any which fhall or may, in purfuance of this ad, be figned to enrolment, or copy of enrolment, br atteftation or jurat ' faid; every perfon fo offending, and being thereof la convided, fhall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of a demeanor, and fhall be punifhed by tranfportation for term not exceeding feven years, at the discretion of thee before whom fuch offender mall be convided.	'

XXXVII.	And be it further enafled by the authority afal faid. That all forfeitures aforefaid, by this ad to be inctm{ fhall and may (except in the cafes hereinbefore otherwifeprjS vided for) be fued for and recovered by adion of debt, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of ft-cord at IVeJlminjUr, wherein no effoin, protedion, wager 4 law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed; mil every fuch adion the party againft whom judgement (Ml M given (whether plaintiff or defendant) fhall pay the full ttflfrJF fuit; and every fuch adion or profecution as aforefaid Ait and may be brought or commenced at any time within thfrf years after the offence committed, but not afterwards;

Digitized by Google

i7$8.] AiwfrVicefimo oftavo G&dKGlI III. C.	36.

the perfon againft whom any fuch action or profecutton (haD bePerfoniprofe-brd^ght o» commenced (hall be legally ferved, within the *“J*d*®!j? tinde aforefaid, with the writ or procefs by which fuch a&ion or	*

prdfcctrtion Anil be intended to be commenced, nnlefi the fer-vice of fuch writ or procefs (hall have been prevented by fueh perfon’s abfconding or withdrawing out of this kingdom ; and every action or pfofecution which (hall be brought or commenced as aforefaid (hall be carried on without wilful delay,

XXXVIII.	And be it further enadted and declared' by the

atahoriry aforefaid. That if any petition (hall be prcfented ro If petitions to the hoofe of commons, in which complaint (hall be made that commons any member or members returned to ferve in parliament had p|aj" 0fC^‘ been voted for by perfons who had negledted to comply with due ele&iont, one or more of the diredtions of this adt, fuch petirioh (hall be they 0**11 be deemed and taken as a petition againft the return only j unlefs deemed pen-in fitch petition complaint (hall alfo be made of an undue ^return * ekdion.	only.

XXXIX. And	whereas it is expedient ta prevent doubts relative t6tbe rights of voters at eottnty eleShns } be it therefore further

enadted by the authority aforefaid. That no perfon (hall be Ifo perfon to deemed to Incur any penalty for having caufed his name to be incur any pe-enrollcd in any regifter of freeholders aforefaid, or for voting at "^ghisname arty foch eledtion as aforefaid, or (half be liable to have his vote tobeenrolled, diHtfowed. by any foledt committee of the houfe of commons, &c. if he he for or ton decount of any want of, or defied! in title to the eftate receipt in refpedt of which he Anil have caufed his name to be enrolled, or in refpedt of which he (hall have voted: provided always, bold, etc. that fuch perfon (hall be (by himielf or others) in the adtual pofleflion or receipt of the rents or profits of the fame for his own ufe, and (hall not hold fuch eftate by copy of court roll, or at will, or at fufferance, or for any term or terms of years, or by or in virtue 6( any grant or leafe not being for any life, or for any lives, or for any joint lives, or for a greater eAate.

XL. And be it further enadied by the authority aforefaid.

That if arty freehold lands or tenements (hall have been let or Perfons en-

demifed, for any life, or for any lives, or for any joint lives, at tit,'d l® *

a rent xeferved and payable for and in refpedt of the fame, any jj'^ifed for *

perfon who (hall be entitled to receive fuch rent to his own ufe, lives to have

lhall have a right to be enrolled as aforefaid, and to vote at any a right to be

fuch election as aforefaid for fuch lands or tenements, in like enrolled, etc.

mahher, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had only been

let or demifed for a term of years: provided always. That the

rent fo accruing to fuch perfon (hall be of the clear yearly value

of fotty (hillings, within the true intent and meaning of this

aft.

XLI. And whereas every freeholder being above the age of twenty-one years, who Jhall have, within the hundreds or	of

Highworth, Cricklade, Staple, Kingfbridge, and Malmibury, or one or more of them,	in the county of Wilts, a freehold of the

dear yearly value of forty /hillings, and being duly qualified to vote «l tltliions of knights of the /hire for the faid county of Wilts,	by

^	1	law

40$	Ajmo	viccfimo odavo Gborcii III. c. 36. [1788* !

law	entitled	to give bis vote at every election	of a	or

to feme in parliament for tbe borough of Cricklade, in tbe feed county of Wilts; be it therefore further enadled and declared From July 10, by the authority aforelaid, That, after the (aid tenth day of *790, no per- yu^ one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, no filch tree-right to rote bolder as aforelaid (hall have a right to vote (as fuch) at any for a burgefs election of a burgefs or burgefies to ferve in parliament for the for Cricklade, laid borough of Cricklade, unlefs he (hall, in purfuance of this wh rfi*5 In1 a<^> have qualified himfelf to vote at eledions of knights of the voteforWilts. ftire. to ferve in parliament for the faid county of fPilts, fir and in refpedt of a freehold eftate lying in or ifiuing out of one Retaining of* or more of the (aid hundreds or divifions; and at every ele&ion of any burgefs or burgefies to ferve in parliament for the (aid aft as Sheriffs borough of Cricklade, the returning officer of the faid borough for counties (hall, with refpeA to tbe vole of every perfon claiming to vote under this by virtue of any fuch freehold eftate, aft merely minifterially, etc. and in the fame manner as the fheriff of any county aforelaid is by this act directed to a& at the elc&ion of any knight or knights of the (hire to ferve in parliament for fuch county; and inftead of the oath now by law directed to be adminiftered at the election of any burgels or burgefies to ferve in parliament for the (aid borough, the returning officer of tbe faid borough (hall and is hereby reqaired to adminifter, or to caufe to be ad-miniftered, to every perfon claiming to vote at any fuch election by virtue of any fuch freehold eftate, the refpedtivc declarations aforefaid in the refpedtive cafes above fpccificd,

N° 1.

SCHEDULE

Referred to by this fpecifying tbe form of tbe

“REGISTERS of FREEHOLDERS" for

in the county of

Freeholder’s chriftian name and furname	—-—

Freeholder’s addition, profefiion, or trade ——

Freeholder’s ufual place ofubode, and if in a town,

naming the ftreet - ---- -----

Freehold eftate (that is) whether it be “ Lands ” or “ Mejfuage” [naming fome occupier of the , lands or mefluage] or “ Tytbes,” or “ Office of”

[naming fuch office] or “ Rent Charge ”

If freeholder be prefent at the time of enrolment, i write the word “Prefent-,” if abfent, write

“ Abfent” ---------------------------------------------   —

_ \

The above enrolment is N® and was made on the day of	one	thoufand

hundred and (	Witnefs	my hand,

Regifter-keeper.

Memo-

• •

Digitized by

Google

1Adao viceiia>a<*aavo Georgii 111* c. 36.

Memorandum.—1This	day of

one rhoufand	hundred	and	I

one of the juftices of the peace for do certify. That	who	alls	as	regifter	keeper

for the above-mentioned diftrhft, perfonally appeared this day before me, and informed me, that (to the bell of his knowledge, ihf6frmarion, and belief) the perfon whofe name is enrolled' ifi'the above enrollment

/	  A------*—	.t----—-----y<m

hat difpofed of his eftate in the faid diftridh Witnefs

my hand

j

Juftice.

Ms dead.

Witnefs 7 my hand, 5

Juftice.

Nor* roi the Printer, respecting the ** Register of . Freeholders.”

F VERY page of each regifter of freeholders mud bepf the> abofo form, and made of large and durable paper; and each* regiftar mutt ha*6'a fubftantial binding; and there muft be five, hundred pages of the above form in each regifter; and every fuch -regifter moft- eontain a copy of this aft orf durable paper, of the fame	as. the laid pages, and primed in the Roman letter, or

id the Roman and Itaikk. Each of the live hundred pages afore-faid muft haw a progreffive 'number printed in large figures (after the N° in the above fchedule); and particular care muft be taken, that in each and every fuch regifter all the faid numbers be in progseflive order. ,	,

Note for the Printer, respecting the “Blank - :	Forms	of Enrolments.”

THE blank forms of enrolments, on Angle half (heets* (mentioned in this a<fl), muft be of the exa6t form of the above fchedule, and printed on one fide only of the faid half (heets ; and the number (after the N°) muft be left blank j and the faid hft-mentionfed blank forms muft be made of i liie to correfpond with the books which are mentioned in this a<5t, and which are particularly deferibed in the following fchedule, N° 7.

N° 2.

SCHEDULE

Rtftrrtd	to by this	ail, fating tbtof	“ RECEIPT.’*

4< T A. B. the regifter-keeper for	in	thp	county

“ X of	do	hereby	acknowledge	to.have received

“ from) C. D. the clerk of the peace for	a	regifter

“ for enrolling freeholders, in which regifter is contained a “ printed copy of an a 61, intituled, An ail for tbt ftiuring Vox.. XXXVI.	Ee	"tit

Digitized by

Google

408

Anno viccfimo odavo Gborgii 111. c. 36.	[1788.

u the rights of perform qualified to vote at county eleftions, made aud

<c patted in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his raajefty

4t King George the Third; and I do hereby acknowledge to

C( have alfo received from the faid clerk of the peace

” [Specifying the number of J 44 blank forms of enrolments,

44 and	”	[Specifying	the	number	of]	44	notices

44 to be dittributed by me; and alfo a charge in what manner

44 I am to execute the faid a St. Witncfs my hand, this

<( day of	one	thoufand	feven	hundred	and

<c

44 A. B.”

n*3.

SCHEDULE

Referred to by this aft, fating the form of the “ATTESTATION.”

44 T Requeft to be enrolled in the regifter of freeholders for 44 X	in the county of	and	I	do

44 folemnly fwear" [or being one of the people called quakers, “Ido 44 folemnly affirm ”J 44 That my name is A. B. and that I am

“	” [Specifying the addition, profeffion, or trade

of fuch perfon] 44 and that the ufual place of my abode is at 44	*’ [and if it be in a town confifiing of more Jhreets then

one, then Specifying in what flreet] 44 in the county of 44 and that 1 really and trqly have in the faid parifh or diftrict” [or, 44 in the faid parifh or diftridt, and in	”Specify-

tng in what other parifh or difirift, if the cafe Jhall fo be, 44 in the 44 faid county”] “ an eftate of the clear yearly value of forty 44 (hillings, over and above the intereft of any money fecured by 44 mortgage upon the faid eftate, and alfo over and above all 44 rents and out-goings payable out of or in refpe<5l of the faid 44 eftate, other than parliamentary, publick, or parochial taxes, 44 and that the faid eftate conGfts of	”	[Specifying

whether the fame confifl of lands, or of meffuage, or of tythes, or of Oft office, or of a rent charge; and if the faid eftate confifls of lands, or of meffuage, or of both, then naming fome occupier of Juch lands or meffuage \ or if the Jaid eftate confifl of an office, then naming the fame] 44 and that I am, by myfelf or others, in the actual pofleilion or 44 receipt of the rents or profits of the faid eftate, for my own 44 ufe; and that, to the beft of my knowledge and belief, I have 44 in my faid eftate a Freehold. Witnefs my hand, this 44 day of	one	thoufand	hundred	and

44 A. B.”

44 The faid oath” (V, 44 affirmation] was taken-j 44 and fubferibed, on the day and year afore- / p 44 faid, before me, C. D. one of the juftices r Um 44 of the peace for the county of	J

Digitized by Google

• Nm-

409

1788.J	Anno ▼tccGmo o&avo Qeoroii III. c. 3

N* 4.

SCHEDULE

Referred to	by this	hit, /bating the form of the	“ OATH” to be

written (or printed) at the end of the	N°	3, in certain

tafts mentioned in the faii ait.

** T Do folemnly fwear,” [or, being one of the people called X	Makers,“ I do	foletnnly	affirm”] “ That my name is

“ E. r. and that lam	[fptcifying	the addition,

profe/Jion, or trade of fucb perfon] “ and that the ufual place of my “ abode is at	”	[and	if it be in a town confifting of

mereftreets than one, fptcifying in what fireet] “ in the county oif “	and	that the above attestation does, to the bell

“ of my knowledge and belief, come from A. B. the perfon <( therein mentioned. Witnefs my hand, this	day	of

“	one thoufand	hundred and

« E. F.”

“ The faid oath” [or “ affirmation] was taken “ and fubfcribed, on the day and year afore*

“ laid, before me, G. H. one of the jufticea “ of the peace for the county of

K- 5.

SCHEDULE

Referred to by this	fating tht form of the 44 NOTICE.0

u T A. B. the regifter- keeper of the regifter of freeholders for 44 X	in the county of	do

hereby give notice to the clerk of the peace for the faid county,

44 that the progreflive number of the laft enrolment entered in 44 the faid regifter of freeholders is	”	{fptcifying

the faid number] 44 and that the	day	of

44 one thoufand	hundred	and	is	the date of

44 the faid laft enrolment. Witnefs my hand, this 44 day of	one	thoufand	hundred	and

“A.B.”

Eea

Digitized by

Google

6.

Anno vkcficfco o£U*ro Geokgii III. C. 36. [lytt

SCHEDULE Rtftrrtd to by this	alt,	fating tbt form of th* “POLL	BOOKS.

Parith •%

or. r

DiftnA 3

of

in the county of

<y

Name* of freebolder*.

Their addition!, | profeffions, or trades.	Theirufual places of abode.	What the freeholds confift of, and where fituate.  (If lands, or tnefluage, or both, namefome occu pier of t hefapte.)	If enrolled lefs than i« months, write “ Ih death rf *' or “ By promotion to M or“ By marriage with n If freehold confift of a leafe, date date and parties.	Candidates.				
				A.	B.	C.D.  _l_	E.	&C.
			•					

c?

0

o

iy8Ss] Anno vicefimo odavo Georgii IIL c# 36.

N° 7.

SCHEDULE

Referred to by this afi> fating the form of the bool of cc COPIES of ENROLMENTS.” [which bool is to be kept by the clerl of the peace,]

The copy of enrolment, N° muft be parted upon this page.

[Note to the King’s primer.-Each of the faid books muft

be of the lame fize as the regirters of freeholders aforefaid 5 muft have a fubftantial binding; muft have five hundred leaves, as here fpecified ; and muft be fo bound as to receive two more leaves between every two oppofitc pages. The front of each of the faid five hundred leaves muft be of the above form. There muft be printed (after every N°) a progreflive number; and particular care muft be taken that in each and every fuch book all the faid numbers be in progreflive order;.and the fame progreflive number muft be printed upon the back as upon the front of each refpe&ive leaf; and the back of each of the faid five hundred leaves muft be of the following form; videlicet;]

The copy of enrolment, N° muft be pafted upon this page, provided any juftice (hall have figned the memorandum at the end of the faid copy, ftating either that the freeholder #< has M difpofed of his efiatef or that he “ is dead”

N° 8.

SCHEDULE

Rtf erred to by this aft, ftating the form of the “CHARGE” to be delivered by the clerls of the peace to the regifter-leepers.

To^the regifter-keeper for	in	the county of

BY virtue and in purfuance of an alt of parliament, made and parted in the twenty eighth year of the reign of his ma-jefty King George the Third, intituled. An aft for the better fecur* ini lb* rights of perfons qualified to vote at county electionsy (a copy of which alt is contained in the regifter fent you herewith), I do hereby charge you,—•

That, (fome time in the month of April one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine) you leave, or caufe to be left, at the ufual place of abode of every freeholder redding within your dif-tritf, one of the printed notices fent you herewith, and that you do fubferibe your name, and your place of abode, to every fuch notice before you leave the fame.

And alfo, that [on fome one or more of the Sundays in the . faid month of April one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine,) you affix, or caufe to be affifted, one of the faid printed notices (fubferibed by you as aforefaid) on the principal door of

E e 3	the

Google

4X«



Anno vicefimo odavo Gborgh III. c* 36. f 1788.

the church or chapel (if any fuch there be) within your diftrid, before the ufual hour of morning fervice, or if there be no morn* ing fervice, then immediately before the ufual hour of erecting fervice.

And I alfo charge you, that when any perfon (hall1 apply to you to make any enrolment in the faid regifter, you do inform him, “ That if any perfon (hall (either by perfonal application, 44 or by atteftation) caufe his name to be enrolled therein, with-44 out fuch perfon adtualty having, at the time of fuch enrol-c< menr, a freehold, or if fuch eftate (hall not (at fuch time) <c be of the dear yearly value of forty (hillings, over and above “ the intereft of any money fecured by mongage upon the faid (* eftate, and alfo over and above all rents and outgoings pay-44 able out of, or in refpedt of the faid eftate, other than par-“ liamentary, publick, or parochial taxes; or if the whole, 44 or fome part of the faid eftate, (hall not lie in the pari(h (or 44 diftrid) in the regifter of freeholders for which fuch perfon 44 (hall have caufed his name to be enrolled, orifloeout ot lands 44 or tenements within fuch pariftt (or diftridt); or if fuch per-44 (on (at the time of the making of fuch enrolment) (hall not 44 be by himfelf, or others, in the adtual pofleffion or receipt of 44 the rents or profits of fuch eftate for fuch perfon’s own ufe; 44 or if any perfon who (hall caufe his name to be enrolled in 44 any fuch regifter of freeholders (hall be poffefled of no freehold 44 eftate, but of fuch as (hall have been granted to him fraudu-<c lently, or in which his intereft (hall be nominal or fictitious, 44 or (hall, upon perfonal application to be enrolled, mif-ftate 44 any of the particulars directed by this a6t to be fpecified in his 44 enrolment; every perfon who (hall be found guilty of any of 44 the faid offences, (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds; and 44 that no freeholder, under the age of eighteen years, has a 44 right to caufe his name to be enrolled in the faid regifter/'

And alfo that you do enroll (or in your prefence caufe to be enrolled) the name of every perfon who (hall (by perfonal application, or by atteftation, and at your dwelling houfe, on any day, and at a feafonable hour) requeft to be enrolled in the faid regifter, without your taking upon yourfelf to decide upon the right of any fuch perfon to be enrolled; but you are not compellable to make any fuch enrolment before the fixth day of April one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-nine, or on a Sunday, a Good Friday, or a Cbri/lmas day, or on any day fet apart by authority for general fafting or thankfgiving.

And alfo that you do carefully make every enrolment according to the manner fet forth in the blank forms in the faid regifter; and that you date and fign every fuch enrolment; and that you make every fuch enrolment “gratis”

And alfo that you permit every perfon applying to you to make any enrolment as aforefaid to be prefent, and to examine whether the fame be correCHy entered in the regifter, and to fee that you llgn (iich enrolment forthwith.

And alfo that if any perfon (hall by audiattaft w 7**

Digitized by Google

s?89.) Arino viceflmo oftavo Georgii Itf. c. g5.

to be enrolled, you are to demand the laid attention to be left with you; and you are to deliver “gratis99 unto every perfon who (hall produce to you any fuch attention, a copy ot the enrolment which you (hall make in confequence thereof, provided the (aid copy be demanded on the day on which ftich atteftation (hall be fo produced to you.

And I alto charge you that you be ready at your dwelling houfe, on the firft Monday in May one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-nine (between the hours of nine in the forenoon and of three in the afternoon) in order to make enrolments.

And alfo that if any freeholder redding within your diftridt (hall have negle&ed to come to you to be enrolled, on or before the faid firft Monday in May one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, you do, before the firft day of June one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, deliver or eaufe to be fafely delivered to every fuch freeholder a printed or written fummons, in tlie following words, videlicet: “ By an ad of parliament “ made and paifed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his u majefty King George the Third, intituled. An aft for the bet* “ ter feeuring the rights of per font qualified to vote at county eleftions% u it is enacted. That it you have a freehold of the clear yearly " value of forty (hillings within my diftrid, and if you (hall not

eaufe your name to be enrolled in the regifter or freeholders 11 in my coftody, before the fecond Tburjddy in the month of “ June one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine; then, and 44 in fuch cafe, you (hall appear before me, at my dwelling “ houfe, on the faid day, and between the hours of nine in the 44 forenoon and of three in the afternoon of the faid day, in 44 order then and there to eaufe your name to be enrolled; for “ you will not be entitled to vote at any ele&ion of any knight “ or knights of the (hire to ferve in parliament, in virtue of the 44 faid freehold, without having had your name enrolled in fuch 44 regifter of freeholders, at leaft twelve calender months before 44 the day on which you (hall tender your vote at fuch election;” and that you do fubferibe your name and your place of abode to every fuch ftimmons before you leave the fame; and that if any fuch fummons (hall have been fo delivered as aforefaid, then you are to be ready at your dwelling houfe, on the fecond Tburfday in June one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine {between the hours of nine in the forenoon and of three in the afternoon) in order to make enrolments.

And I alfo charge you that, previous to the general quarter feflions of the peace which (hall be held for the faid county (riding or divifion) in July one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, you make, or eaufe to be made (upon the blank forms of enrolments, printed on (ingle half (heets, which you receive herewith), an exadt and correft copy of every enrolment contained in the faid regifter, and of (he progreffive number of every fuch enrolment; and that you do then carefully examine ercty fuch Copy with the correfponding Original enrolment in the faid ttg\ftcr> and that you bring and deliver all futth copies to me (or

E e 4	to

Digitized by Google

4*4

Anno vicefimo oftavo Georgii IIL c. 36. [ r 788.

to the then clerk of the peace), at the fa id general quarter feffions, and that you do then and there declare upon oath (or upon folemn affirmation, if a quaker), that the faid copies are exadt and true copies of the refpedive originals.

And alfo, that you do, in the months of January and July in every following year, bring and deliver to me (or to the then clerk of the peace), at the general quarter feffions of the peace which‘(hall (in fuch refpedive months) be held for the faid county (riding ordivifion), a copy (as aforefaid) of every enrolment that (hall have been made in the faid regifter, in the half year immediately preceding fuch refpedive general quarter feffion*, and that then and there you do verify the faid copies upon oath (or upon folemn affirmation, if a quaker) to be true copies of the refpedive originals in the faid regifter, and that you make all and every of the aforefaid copies 44gratis ”

And alfo that at every fuch general quarter feffions aforefaid you deliver to me (or to the then clerk of the peace) all fuchartef-tations as (hall have been left with you in the half year imme* diately preceding fuch refpedive general quarter feffions.

And alfo that if no enrolment (hall have been made in the faid regifter fince the laft copy which (hall have been delivered to me (or to the then clerk of the peace) as Aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe you (h*ll deliver (or fafely tranfmit fealed up) to me (or to the then clerk of the peace) at the faid general quarter feffions, a notice in the following form; videlicet,

44 T	the	regifter-keeper	of	the	regifter of

44 X freeholders for	in	the	county	of

44 do hereby give notice to the clerk of the peace for the faid

4C county, that the progreffive number of the laft enrolment en-

44 tered in the faid regifter of freeholders is	**

[fptcifying the faid number] 44 and that the	day	of

44	one	thoufand	hundred	and

44 is the date of the faid laft enrolment. Witnefs my hand,

44 this	day of	one	thoufand

44	hundred	and	s

Which notice muft be figned by you.

And I do alfo charge you that you do, in May 1790, (and in the fame month in every following year) carefully examine all the enrolments entered in the regifter in your cuftody; and if any perfon whofe name is enrolled therein lhall be then dead, or (hall have difpofed of his freehold eftate within your diftrid, then, and^n either of the faid cafes, you are, in the faid month of May (or in the month of June then next following) to carry the faid regifter to fome juftice of the peace for the faid county (riding.or divifion); and you are at the fame time to carry to fuch juftice a true copy or the enrolment of every perfon who (hall be dead, or who (hall have difpofed of his freehold as afore* faid, in order that fuch juftice (upon your application) may (in pursuance of the faid ad) fill up the blanks in the memorandum at the £nd of fuch original enrolment in the regifter, and th*t

fuch

Digitized by

Google

4 *5

1788;] Anno vicefuno o&avo Georoii III. c. 37.

fucb jufticc may alfo fill up the blanks in the memorandum at the end of the /aid copy, and that he may fignhis name at the cad of each fuch memorandum; and you are, in the month of July then next following, to bring and deliver fuch copy to me (or to the then clerk of the peace) at the general -quarter fefiions of thc peace which (hall be held for the faid county (riding or divifion).

And (by the faid aft) the faid regifter is always to remain in the cuftody of the perfon who (hall aft as regiftcr-kcepcr for the thne being, and the faid regifter is not, upon any occafion, or under any pretence whatever, to he carried to any diftance from your diftrift, except when the faid regifter (hall be carried to any juftice of the peace for the faid county (riding or divifion) in the particular cafes above fpecified, and except when you (hall be duly required to produce the faid regifter at any afiizes to be held for the laid county.

And I alfo charge you, that you permit all perfons who (hall, at feafonable times, requeft leave to infpeft the faid'regifter, or any atteftation in yourcuftody, to infpeft the fame refpe&ively, every fuch perfon firlt paying to you one (hilling for every fuch infpedion.

And alfo, that you deliver a true and exafl copy or copies of any enrolment or enrolments, or of any atteftation or atteftations, in your cuftody, unto all perfons who (hall demand the fame re-fpc&ively, every fuch perfon firft paying to you twoj>ence for every fuch copy of an enrolment, and at the rate of one penny for every thirty words in any fuch atteftation, and you are to fubferibe your name to every fuch copy ; and all copies of enrolments are to be made upon the blank forms of enrolments, on fingie half (beets, which you receive herewith (or other-wife ; provided always, that the faid copies be in the form of the original enrolment.)

And you are to take care to be at all times provided with a fufficient number of blank forms of enrolments on fingie half fheets ; and if at any time you (hall have but few fuoh blank forms left, or if the regifter in your cuftody (hail be materially damaged, or if fuch regifter be nearly filled with enrolments, then and in any fuch cafe you are to apply to the clerk of the peace for the time being to provide you with more blank forms, or with a new regifter (as the cafe may require).

And you are carefully to preferve the faid regifter, and the fame (together with this charge) is to be fafely delivered to your fucceffor in office.

C A P. XXXVII.

An ofi for repealing the duties on buck or deer Jkins undrejjei, buck or deer Jkins Indian balfdrejfed, and elk Jkins undrejled, imported, and on hides and Jktns drejfed in oil in this kingdom, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof 5 for laying a duty on fluffs printed, painted, ftained, or dyed in Great Britain; allowing deer and other Jkins the produce of Florida to be fold by

*	auction.

Digitized by Goode

4i6

Anno vicefimb oAavO GfiOXGIl III. £• 37. [17®**

auttion, /w	/£* A/y charged on fitch /alts; /sr omening

fevtral laws relative to the revenue of excife;	to prevent the

fait of facets for confumption in the boufes of reUtikrs thereof, who /hall not bavt licences to fell betr or ale•

Preamble. TT7 HERE AS, by an *8 mode in the twenty feventb year ef %1 Geo. 3.	V V the reign of bis prefent Majefly, (intituled, An adt for ee-

c. 13. recited, pealing the feveral duties of cuftoms and excife, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the (aid duties, to* gether with the other duties compofing the publick revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, sod merchandize, the produce or manufacture of the European do* minions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the redu&ion of the national debt), certain duties of cujioms are impofed for and in it* fpi8 of buck or deer fans unarefftd, buck or deer fans Indian half-dreffidi and elk fans undrejfedy imported into this kingdom, and certain drawbacks of cufloms are granted upon the exportation thereof 5 and certain duties of excife are alfo by the fad ad impofed for and in rejpefl of bides and fans, and parts and pieces cf hides and fans, drejj'ed in oil in Great Britain : and whereat it is expedient to repeal the faii duties and drawbacks of cufitms% and alfo the fad duties of exetfe, and to impo/e other duties and grant other drawbacks in lieu thereof % be it therefore enadled by the King’s mot excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in (his prefent and from July parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, d* t*788tbhC ■m an<* a^lcr l^c day	one	t^ou^aAc*	kven	hundred

by impofedT a°d eighty-eight, the faid duties and drawbacks of cuftoms, and the draw- and alfo the laid duties of excife, (hall ceafe and determine, backs aHowed fave and except in all cafes relating to the recovering or paying °ndbU(r dk,n* any arrears hereof which may at that time remain unpaid, or 10 ceafe •,CtC’ 10 anY ^ncs* Penalty* or forfeiture, fine, penalties, or forfei-9 tures, relating thereto, which (hall have been incurred at any time before or on the faid fifth day of July one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-eight.

1 II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, and in lieu of That, from and after the faid fifth day of July one thouiand the repealed feven hundred and eighty-eight, in lieu and in ftead of the laid tornTthefoK duties °f cuftoms and excife refpcCtively, there (hall be railed, lowing to be levied, collected, and paid unto his Majefty, his heifs and levied:	fuccefTors, for and upon all buck or deer (kins undrefled, buck

or deer (kins Indian half-drefled, and elk (kins undrefled, which (hall be imported into this kingdom, the following duties of Cuftoms; that ** to;fey.

For every For every buck«or deer (kin undrefled, and for every buck or lJn* deer (kin Indian half-drefled, which (hall be imported into this ^irac^i^InVkingdom, a duty of cuftoms of two-pence; drefled, imported, ad.;	For

. gitized by Goodie

] Anno vlceluno o^avo Geoxoii IIT. c. 37*	417

«rery elk llcin, which (hall be imported into this king- and foe every »doty of cuftoms of four-pence; the (aid duties of cut cUt	5

0	be paid or fecured by the importers of fuch (kins re-

ely before the landing thereof:	. -	,.

that there (hall be alfo paid to his Majefty, his heirs ,he repc*ied rceflbrs, for and upon all hides and (kins, and pans and dutiei of ex-of bides and (kins, which (hall be drefled in oil in Great cife, the fol-

‘’J,?bC Pa^ ^ rt!5°il £th*Vdreffm ;hCTCOf rcfP°aiVC- !evtdVn°(Wn. tfollowing duties of exctfc ; that is to fay,	drefled in oil:

every pound weight avoirdupois of all buck, deer, and foreVeryll>.

ns, which (hall be drefled in oil in Great	and fo of back, etc.

portion for any greater or lefs quantity, one (hilling:	is.

every pound weight avoirdupois of all fheep and lamb for every lb.

which (hall be drefled in oil in Great Britain, and fo in of

rtion for any greater or lefs quantity, three-pence;	an'd>s’

every pound weight avoirdupois of all other hide? and f0r every lb.

and parts and pieces of bides and (kins, which (hall be of all other*

1	in oil in Great Britain, and fo in proportion for any (kins, 6d. for left quantity, fix-pence.

! And be it further cna&ed by the authority aforefeid, 171™ theVoi-t from and after the faid fifth day of July one tboufand lowing draw-hundred and eighty-eight, there (hall be paid for and upon hacks to be les and (kins, and parts and pieces of hides and (kins, esrortation 1 (hall be drefled in oil in Great Britain, and exported as 0f hides, and andize to foreign parts, the following drawbacks t that duns drefled fo,	in oil in Great

#	_	Britain, viz.

r every pound weight avoirdupois of all buck or deer (kins, For every lb. Ik (kins, which (hall be (b drefled in oil in Great Britain, of buck, etc. for which the duties hereby impofed in refpeCt thereof ***"» *'•» have been paid), whether manufactured and actually made pods or wares or not, and exported as merchandize (o fo-iparts, one (hilling :

S every pound weight avoirdupois of all fheep and Iamb for rvery lb.

, which (hall be fo drefled in oil in Great Britain, (and {rf<hleflFor duch the duties hereby impofed in refpeCt thereof (hall jreffed and been paid), which (hall be manufactured and actually manufaCtur-l into goods or wares, and exported as merchandize to fo- <di jd.;

(parts, three-pence:

R every pound weight avoirdupois of all other hides and for every lb. it which (hall be fo drefled in oil in Great Britain, (and all other which the duties hereby impofed in refpeCt thereof lhall MdmamSfac-t been paid), which lhall be manufactured and actually "ured, fid.; ' * into goods or wares, and exported as merchandize to fo-	’

it parts, fix-pence:

« every pound weight avoirdupois of all (been (kins, which every It>.

1 have been fo drefled In oil in Great	,	and	duly	dreffttfand*’

fad, (and for which the duties by this aft impofed in re- duly marked, it thereof (hall have been paid), and exported as merchan- two thirds of 1 to foreign parts, two thirds of the duties by this aft ini- tbc dutF» bd in refpeft thereof refpeftlvely.

Digitized by Googftr

4iS

for <ffry lb. of all other Hi ns (except lamb (kins) drefiedand duly marked, two thirds of the duty.

Buck, etc. fltins imported fince June i, 1788, and not entered, to be fubje& to the duties, etc. of this alt.

No excife draAback to be paid on hides or lkins, but thofe granted by this alt.

Drawbacks to

be paid according to the rules, etc. of 115 Geo. $. c. 74.

Buck or deer (kins mult have had the hair only taken off to be deemed half-dreflfed.

Anno vicefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 37.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of all other ! (kins (except lamb (kins) which (hall have been ft>< oil in Great Britain, and duly marked (and for whickl ties by this adt impofed in refped thereof (hall have I and exported as merchandize to foreign parts, two < the duties by this ad impofed in refpedl thereof refp “

IV.	And be. it further enadted by the authority 1 That all buck or deer (kins undrefied, buck or deer dian half-drefled, and elk (kins undrefied, which been imported into this kingdom fince the firft day t one thoufand feven hundred and eighty* eight, but of \ “ tries have not been made, (hall be' ftibjed and liable 1 veral duties of cuftoms and excife impofed by this s&,4 other; and (hall be allowed the like drawbacks upatfj portation thereof from this kingdom, in like manneri had been imported after the faid fifth day of July one I feven hundred and eighty-eight.

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority That no excife drawback whatfoever (hall, from and a (aid fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and! eight, be paid or payable on the exportation of any " (kins, or parts or pieces of hides or (kins, drefied in < ther manufactured or ’made iftto goods or wares or 1 and except fuch drawbacks as are granted by this adt.

VI.	And beit further enkdted, That the faid drawbac paid and allowed out of the duties of excife hereby imp ipedt of fuch hides and (kins, and parts and pieces <

(kins, fo drefied in oil in Gnat Britain, under, fubjedfc, andi ing to the rules, regulations, reftrtdlions, £nd provifions, 1 ed and provided in and by an ad made in the twcnty-Stbj the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled, An aft for rtf duty impofed on tea by an aft faffed in the loft flffion af partial for granting other duties in lieu thereof \ for repealing fo much* ral afts as relates to the removal of tea; for dire ft ing the 1-excife to examine and certify the exportation of excifeabti ties; and for better fecuring the duties on candles)9 concerai^ exportation of excifeable commodities.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enadleH by 1 thority aforefaid, That no buck or deer (kins (hail be < or taken to be half-drefled, within the meaning of I but fuch as are now ufually imported under that denomk and which have undergone no other operation or dre~ that of taking off the hair.

VIII.	Ana whereas, immediately before the commencement 1 faid aft made in the twenty feventb year of the reign of kisf Majefly, (intituled as aforefaid), certain duties were i allfluffs, except fluffs made of woollen, or whereof the gm in value Jbouid be woollen, printed, flamed* painted, or 1 Qreat Britain: and whereas it was intended to charge, by fkj aft made in the twenty Jeventb year rftbe reign of bis prtfent'M

Digitized by

C ‘ )gle

4*9

r88.] Anno vicefimo o&avo Georoii III. c. 37.

?jp,	4duty	upon all futb	fluffs (extept as printed, flain-

,	footed, or dyed in Great Britain; but no duty is by that

? tbargedupon ter tain forts offutbfluffs ft	flamed,

for dyed, and it is expedient that a duty Jbould be cbarged upon $ fame\ be it therefore cnadted by the authority aforcfaid,.For tot there lhall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid unto a Majefty, bis heirs and fucceffors, for every yard in length, printed, etc. ckoning yard-wide, of ajl Huffs, other than fuch Huffs for (not liable to f in refpedt whereof any duty of excife is, by the faid a<5t duty undersy lade in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Geo. 3. c. is), bjeHy, impofed on the fame being printed, painted, or dyed **£3^ of one I Great Britain, (and except fuch thereof as (hail be dyed colour, etc. a uroughout of one colour only, and Huff* made of woollen, or duty to be thereof the greateft part in value (hall be woollen), and which paid of 3d. aq. lall be printed, Hained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, nd fo in proponion for any greater or lefs quantity, three-ence halfpenny; to be paid by the printer, Haincr, painter,, or tyer thereof.

IX.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That Duties to be he feveral and refpedtive duties by this adt impofed Hull from leviedaccord-imetotime be raifed, received, levied, recovered, andfecur- fo?c^Vthe* rd by fuch ways and means, and under fuch management, and commence-jnder fuch penalties apd forfeitures, and with fuch power of ment of this adjudging and mitigating penalties and forfeitures, and with foch other powers, and fubjedt to fuch rules and directions, and in fuch methods, manner, and form, as by any adt or adts of parliament (as the cafe may require) in force at the commencement of this adt, for or in refpedt of hides or (kins, and parts and pieces of hides and (kins, drifted in oil in Great Britain; or for or in refpedt of linens and Huffs printed, Hained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, is diredted and preferred 3 and that the faid adt and adts, and all the claufes, penalties, forfeitures, powers, authorities, rules, directions, matters, and things therein contained, for the railing, receiving, levying, recovering, fecuring, or paying the faid duties refpec-tivcly, are and (hall be continued, pradtifed, and put in execution, for railing, receiving, levying, recovering, fecuring, and paying the refpedtive duties by this adt impofed, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were particularly repeated and re-enadted in this adt.

X.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That all money arifing by the duties by this adl impofed, the Duties to be necefiary charges of raifing and accounting for the fame ex- paid into the cepted, lhall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his carried to Majefty’s exchequer at Wejlminjler, and the money fo paid into tbeconfolU the laid receipt of the exchequer as aforefaid (hall be carried to dated fund, and made part of the fund called The confolidated fund.

XI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That all money from time to time arifing for pr in refpedt of Account of any licences which the faid commilfioners of excife in England cences^o be and Scotland refpedtively, or the collectors or fupervifors of ex- kepl wilhout

cife.

Digitized by

diftinguifhing Ihcpcr cent duties.

and to be paid into the exchequer in entire Turns, to be carried to the confoli-dated fund.

»7 Geo. 3. €.13.

From July 5, 1788, (kins imported from Eaft or Weft Florida, to be free of any avCrion duty, on the firft fale thereof on account of the original importer, if it be within twelve months.

Claufe of 5 Geo. 3. c. 43. recited.

Anno viceGmo o£tavo Georgii III. c. 37.	[17*11,

cife, are by law authorifed or impowered to grant, and wfakk are chargeable with certain duties commonly called per cat duties 1 (hall be kept in the excife books of account in entire fums, without diftinguifhing how much of fuch money is due for or in refpedt of fuch per cent duties; and fuch money, and alfo all other money from time to time arifing for or in refpeft of any licences which the faid commiffioners of excife refpec-tively, or the collectors or fupervifors of excife, are authonfcd or impowered, by an aCt made in tjie twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled. An aft for laying certm duties upon licences to be taken out by tbe makers of and dealers a ixcifeable commodities therein mentioned), to grant, (hall be accordingly paid into the faid receipt of the exchequer in fuch entire fums, and be carried to and made part of the faid fund, called The eonfolidated fund.

XIL And whereas, by an aft made in the twenty-feventb year tf tbe reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled, An a6t for repealing the feveral duties of cuftoms and excife, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the faid duties, together with tbe other duties compofm^ the publick revenue ; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom ;*and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt), an excife duty of feven-pence is chargeable (among ether things) on every twenty /billings of the purebaft money drifting or payable by virtue of any Jale or auction, in Great Britain, of iter and other ftkins imported into this kingdom from Eaft and Weft Florida in America: and whereas it will greatly tend to encourage the importation offuch deer and other ftkins into this kingdom, if tbe feme were allowed, under certain reftriftions, to be fold by auffion fru tf tbe faid duty; be it therefore enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, all deer (kins, and other (kins, of the produce of Eaft or Weft Florida in America, and which (hill be imported into this kingdom direCtly from thence, (hall and may be fold by auCtion free of the faid duty : provided always neverthelefs, That nothing in this aCt contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to authorize the fale of any fuch deer or other (kins free of the faid duty, unlefs on the firft fale of fuch deer or other (kins, by or for the account of the original importer to whom the fame were configned, and by whom they were entered at the cuftom houfe at the port of importation, and unlefs fuch fale (hall be made within twelve months next after the importation of fuch deer and other (kins refpec-tively; any thing herein before contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

XIII.	And whereas by an aft made in tbe fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty (intituled, An aCt for the better fecuring and further improvement of the revenues of cuftoms, excife, in-

»	land

Digitized by Google

4»l

788.] Anno victfitpo e&tvo Geokgii III. c. 37.

^ik) and felt 4tlties; and for encouraging the linen naanufac-of thc lJU tf Man and for allowing the importation of bofFsl goods the produce and manufacture of the faid ifland, antor certain reftriCtions and regulations); reciting that great rrm4i bad been tmmitttd by divan maker 1 of bard	, by -

mg	trodficreting large	quantities tf faap, in the abfenee tj the off-

•*rs% from the tapper, pan,or other utenfel wherein the fame was *«*» it was enaftedy That all and tvery perfon and perfons wbo^after thgfftb dayt (/'July one tboufandfeven hundred and fixty-five% Jbould mgf* nay hard joapy Jbould* at bis, her, or their own expence, find* ptwmdfy and affix fufficient wooden covers, to be approved of in v&iting by and under the hands of the refpeftive furveyor or fuper-njffie of excife of the divifion, or difirift in which every Juch refpeftive maker of hardfoap Jbould refsde, to every copper, pan, or other utenfil wherein he Jbould boil or make any bard foap* which faid coppers, party or other utenfils, with the covers thereto affixed, and alfo the pipe or pipes that conveys or convey away the wqfie or fait lees from tm eipper* pany or other utenfil, Jbould, and they were thereby re-amend to bo fecurely locked and fealed down by the officer of excife who fmrveyed fuch trader, as Joon as the fire was damped or drawn from reader the copper, pan, or other utenfil, whenever any fap, or axft thing of a foapy quality, Jbould be left therein; which faid locks and keys to the fame, and all other neceffary fafienings for fecuring tha coppers, pans, or other utenftls, and alfo the pipes, Jbould be pro* vided by the refpeftive furveyors or fupervifers of excife of the divi-Jfim or iijlrift in which fuch refpeftive makers of bard foap Jbould rejfide, at the expense of Juch refpeftive makers; and whenever any Jonh weaker of hard foap Jbould he defirous of lighting a fire under juch copper, pan* or other utenfil, Jo locked and fealed down, and Amid have given to the officer of excife of the divifion or dijirift twelve hours notice, if fuch maker of bard foap Jbould refede within the limits and jurifdiftion of the head office of excife in London, or if fuch maker of bard foap Jbculd refide in any other part of Great Britain, twenty-four hours notice of fuch his, her, or their inten*> tiou, the officer of excife Jbould attend to unlock and open the copper, pony or other utenfil, and the pipe or pipes fo fecurcd, under the pc~ unities in the faid aft in that behalf provided: and whereas djubts have ariftn, whether the provifions of the faid recited claufe, and the penalties therein contained, do extend to all makers of ball foap j and the provibe it therefore declared and ena<5ted by the authority aforefaid,

That the provifions of the faid recited claufe, and the penalties "end to the " therein contained, do extend, and the fame (hall accordingly makers of ball extend to makers of ball foap.	foap.

XIV.	And whereas by an aft made in the twenty-fourth year of *4 Geo. 3. the reign of his prefent Majejiy, (intituled, An a<S For better fe- c* curing the duties on (larch and foap), it is among other things en-afted. That no maker or makers of hard foap Jhouldfell any hard foap but in the Jbape or form of cakes or bars, or what is commonly called or known by the name of ball foap; and that all feraps and parings of hard foap Jbould be returned into the copper or boiler in the prefence of the officer, immediately after the foap that bad been put into the

frames

Anno viccfimo o&avo Georoii III. c. 37.	[178?.

frames from any one boiling Jhould have been cut up for fait: ami whereas it has bten found by experience, that great quantities of fuch feraps and parings, injlead of being returned into the copper or heikr, as is direfted by that alt, in the prefence of the officer, are feat out

into confumption, to the great detriment of the revenue, and the injury of the fair trader, and it is difficult to prove the fame to be feraps and parings, by reafon that the officers ore not authorifed by law to ftize the fame, fo as the fame may be produced on the trial, and be proved to be feraps and parings; and it is equally detrimental to the revenue by whatever means fuch feraps and parings get out into confumption : for remedy whereof, be it ena<5tcd by the an*

Parinp of thority aforefaid. That if any feraps or parings of hard foap hard, ap, rc" fhall be fold or fent out by any maker or makers of hard fbap, moved^from^ or	found	removing	or carrying, or removed or earned

one place to from one part of this kingdom to another, by land or by water, another, may the fame fhall be forfeited, together wkh the calks and pack-the^nwlwrT^ a&es contain'n6 ^ame» and fhall and may be feized by any forfeitiool.° °®cer or officers of excife; and the maker or makers of hard

foap who (hall fend out or fell the fame, fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the Aim of one hundred pounds.

XV. And whereas by an alt made in the tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, (intituled, An ad for more effe&ually preventing traders in excifeable commodities from tiling faife weights and feales, and for explaining and amending fevers! ads of parliament relating to hackney coaches and chairs), it is enabled, That if at any time after the twenty-fourth day of Jane one thoufand feven hundred and /evenly, any trader fubjett to the furvey of any officer of excife, and required by the laws concerning the duties under the management of the commiff oners of excife to keep fufficient and jujl feales and weights, Jhould in the weighing bis, her, or their flock or flocks, make ufe of, or caufe or procure or Joffer to be ufed, any faife, unjuft, or insufficient feales or weights, to the intent to defraud his Majejly of the duties by the fend laws re-fpeftively granted, that then and in every fuch cafe the party or parties offending fhall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds for every fuch offence: and whereas it is difficult to prove that Juch feales or weights are faife, unjujl or infufficient, by reafon that the fame are not forfeited, nor the officers of excife authorifed by law to feize the fame •, and it is therefore expedient to forfeit the fame, and to au-thorife fuch officer^ to feize the fame; be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any trader fubjed to the furvey of any officer of excife, and required by the laws concerning the duties under the management of the commiflioners of excife to keep fufficient and juft feales and weights, fhall, in

Unjuft feales the weighing his, her, or their flock or flocks, make ufe of, or or weights caufe or procure or fuffer to be ufed, any faife, unjuft, or in-Hfcdin	fufficient	feales	or	weights,	to	the	intent	to	defraud	his	Majef-

may l^fcized	r^e	duties	by the kid *aws refpedively granted, fuch

by any officer feales and weights refpedively (hall be forfeited, and fhall and of the excife. may be feized by any officer or officers of excife,

~eo. a. A VI. And whereas by an alt/made in

e

Digitized by

Google

4*3

1788.] Anno vlcefimo o&tvo Georoxi IIL c. 37.

the reign of bis kte majefty King George the Second, intituled\ An 96k for encouraging the exportation of rum and fpirits, of the growth, produce, and manufaAure of the Britijb fugar plantations, from this kingdom, and of Britijb fpirirs made from mo-lades, it was among ft other things enafled, That oil rum andfpirits of thegrowth, produee, and manufacture of the Britifh fugar plantations in America, which Jhould be exported from this kingdom as-merchandize * Jbould be* proof fpirits; and in order that the fame might he properly examined, and the cafks marked\ when any perfon or per-Jans Jbould be deferous of Jhipping any quantity of fuch rum or fpirits, they were thereby required to give notice thereof in writing to the officer of excifeof the divifm or place where fuch rum or fpirits were intended to be flipped, five days next before fuch rum or jpirits Jbould be put on flipboard, in which notice Jbould be expreffied the number of cafks, and the quantity of rum or fpirits fo intended to be flipped and it Jbould be lawful to and for the gaugers or other officers of excife, before the delivery of fuch rum and fpirits from fuch ware-boafes, and at any time afterwards, to mark all and every fuch cafks or other package, in fuch manner as the refpeflive comm'fficners of excife Jbould dire61^ and to take a /ample or famples, not exceeding one pint in the whole, out of each of the /aid cafks or other package containing fuch rum or fpirits, paying for fuch fample or famples (if demanded) according to the market price rum or jpirits of the tike quality Jbould be fold for at the time fuch fample or famples Jbould be taken: and whereas doubts have artfen whether fuch gaugers or other officers of excife art by the faid recited claufe authorif-ei to take by way of fample or famples more than one pint of fuch rum or fpirits out of any fuch cajk or package containing fuch rum or fpirits ; now, to obviate fuch doubts in future, be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That when any perfon or Officer*oFex* perfons lhall have given any fuch notice as aforefaid, it lhall eife may take and may be lawful to and for any officer or officers of excife, before the delivery of fuch rum or fpirits from any fuch ware- think fit o7 houfe or warehoules, and at any time afterwards, to take as rum intended many famples as he or they (hall think fit (neither of fuch fam- to be export-pies exceeding half a pint) out of each of fuch calks or pack- cd,atthe rate ages containing fuch rum or fpirits, paying for fuch famples (if °on3#8*pcr* demanded) at and after the rate of three (hillings per gallon ;	9

and if any perfon or perfons lhall obftrubt or hinder any fuch officer or officers of excife in taking any fuch fample or famples, upon his or their offering to pay for the fame as aforefaid (if demanded), the perfon or perfons offending therein, lhall, lor each and every fuch offence, feverally forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

XVII. And whereas it is expedient to allow the officers of ex-eft to take famplet of rum or fpirits, of the growth, produce, or nanufofture of the Britilh fugar plantations, which flail be delivered out of any warehoufo or warehoufes in which the fame Jhall have been lodged in purfuance of the faid laft-mentioned aft, as floret to be /pent and eonfumed on board any Jhip, in any voyage to parts beyond the feas, according to an alt made in the feventeentb year of Vol. XXXVI.	F	f	tbi

Digitized by Google

4*4

and alfo of ftorc rum for ihips on their voyages.

Rum, fhipped for ftoree, if relanded, to be forfeited, flee.

and every per-fon concerned therein to forfeit treble the value;

and if he belong to the ihip, tool.

19 Geo. 3. c. 56.

Anno vicefimo o&avo GeoRGII IIL c. 37; [1788,

tit reign ef bis prefent Majtftj, be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any officer or officers of excife, before the delivery of fuch ram or fpirits fo delivered as (lores, to be fpent and contained as aforefaid, from any fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, and at anv time afterwards, to take as many famples as he or they (hall think fit (neither of fuch famples exceeding half a'pint) out of each of the calks or packages containing fuch rum or fpirits, paying for fuch famples (if demanded) at and after the rate of three (hillings per gallon; and if any perfon or perfoas (hail obftruH or hinder any fuch officer or officers of excife in taking any fuch fample or famples, upon his or their offering to pay for the lame as aforefaid (if demanded), the perfon or persons offending therein (hall, for each and every fuch offence, fete* rally forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

XVIII.	And, for preventing the relanding futb rum er fpirits m flail be fa flipped for ft ores, be it further ena&cd by the author rity aforefaid. That in cafe any fuch rum or fpirits fo (hipped as (lores as aforefaid, (hall be unfhtpptd in order to be rdanded, then not only all fuch rum or fpirits, together with the calks or other package containing the fame, together with the boats aod veflels, horfes, cattle, carts, and carriages made ufe of in fuch rclanding thereof, or in the removal or carriage thereof after fuch relanding, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be (end by any officer or officers of the cufioms or excife; and all sod every perfon and perfons who (hall fo uolhip, or caufe or pro* cure to be fo uoffiipped, any fuch rum or fpirits, or (hall be 'affifting, or otherwife concerned in fuch unshipping the fame, or to whofc hands the feme (hall knowingly come after fuck unihipping thereof, (hall forfeit treble the value of fuch rum or fpirits, to be eftimated at the bed and higheft price which rum or fpirits of the growth, produce, or manufa&ure of the Bru tifl fugar plantations in America (hall fell for in London, at the time when fuch forfeiture (hail be incurred ; and if any mailer or other perfon belonging to, or on board any (hip or veffcl on board which any fuch rum or fpirits (hall be fo (hipped as (lores, (hall affift in, or connive at, fuch unihipping or islanding any faefi rum or fpirits, he or they (over and above all other penalties provided by any ad or a&s now in force) (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

XIX.	And whereas by an aCt, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of kit prefent Majefly, intituled, An a 61 for altering, amending, and enforcing, fo much of an a& made in the feventeeath year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An adt for granting to bis Majejiy certain duties on licences to be taken out by all perfons acting as auctioneers; and certain rates and duties on ad lands, houfes, goods, and other things, fold by auction; and upon indentures^ leafes, bonds, deeds, and other inflruments \ as relates to the method of granting licences to au&ioneers, and to the col-le6ling the duties on eftates and goods fold by auction, it is amongft other things cnaClcd, That, from and after the fifth day of

Digitized by Google

iy88.J Anno viccfimo oftavo Georgii III. c.37.'

425

Joly mt tboufand /evenhundred and Jiif any fale by auffitn J'ofany efiait, goads, or e battels,Jbould be rendered void by reafon that the per/on for wbofe benefit the fame was fold had no title to the fame, or no right to difpofe thereof, then and in every fucb	cafe it Jbould and might be lawful for the auflioneer who paid

the duty for the thing fo fold, or for the ptrfon for wbofe benefit the fame was fo fold, to lay his, her, or their complaint before the ummiffionersof	excifit,	orjujlicesof the within wbofe jurif-

diflion	refpeflivtlyJuch fale	was made; and the faid commifiioners

of excife, or jujlices of the peace refpeflively, upon fucb complaint to them made, by or on the behalf of Juch	au or by or on the

behalf of the ptrfon for wbofe benefit the fame was fold, Jbould and were required to hear and determine all fucb complaints, and examine the witnejfes upon oath which Jbould be produced, as well on the behalf of the party making juch complaint, as on the behalf of all and every other party and parties, which oath they had thereby power to adminifier; and thereupon, or by other due proof, to relieve the party fo complaining of fo much of his, her, or their refpefiive payments as Jbould be fo mode out before them to have been overpaid: and whereas it is expedient to afeertoin the time within which fucb complaint Jbould be ft laid, fo os to intitle the party complaining to reliefbe it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Complaints of in order to intitle the party complaining to relief, all fuch com- fales by auc-plaints (hall be laid within twelve calendar months after fuch tion being (ale, if the fale (hall be rendered void as aforefaid within that time, void tobe or if the fale (hall not be rendered void as aforelaid within that made in a time, then fuch complaints (hall be laid within three months year if they after the difeovery of the perfon for whofe benefit any fuch be rendered eflate, goods, or chattels, was or were fold, having no title to	orclfe

the fame, or no right to difpofe^ thereof; and no fuch complaint j„ thre’e (hall be laid, or any relief given thereupon, unlefs fuch com- months after plaint (hall be laid within the time herein-before in that behalf the difeovery, preferibed.

XX. And whereas by the faid af!, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majejiy, it is alfo enabled. That in cafe the real turner of any eflate, goods, or effitfl put up to fale by way of	auflion, /hall become the purchafer by means of his own bidding,

or the bidding of any other perfon on bis behalf or for bis ufe, at Juch fale, without fraud or collujion, then and in fuch cafe the rejpefiivt wmmiffmtrs of extife in Great Britain, and fuch	,

vifors,and other officers of extife, as are thereby refpeflively thorifed within their refpeflive colleflions and dijlrifls to receive the faid duties mentioned in the faid afl, are thereby auihoriftd and required to make an allowance to fuch owner of the duties	by

that afl upon fucb bidding, provided notice be given to the before fuch bidding, both by the owner and the perfon intended to be the bidder, of the latter being appointed by the former, and having agreed	accordingly to bid at the fale for the ufe and behoof of the fel-

ler, and providedfuch notice be verified by the oath of the auflioneer,^ as alfo the fairnefs and reality of the faid tranfaflion to the bejl of bit knowledge and belief t and whereas it is expedient that no futfi

F f 2

allowance

Digitized by

416

No allowances of duty to be made to purchafers of their own effects at auction!, unlefs prior notice of their having authorifed a bidder be given to the auctioneer.

Goods liable to excife, and the materials in the cuftody of themanu-fatfurer, &c. to be fubjefl to arrears of duty, etc.

flow fines are to be recovered and applied.

Anno vicefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 37.	[178*.

allowance Jball be madey unlefs fucb notice in writing be given as h berein-after dir efted \ be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, That no fuch allowance (hall be made unlefs notice in writing, figned by the owner and the perfon intended to be the bidder, of the latter being appointed by the former, and having agreed accordingly to bid at the fale for the ufe and behoof of the feller, (hall have been given to the auctioneer before fuch bidding, nor unlefs fuch delivery of fuch notice (hall be verified upon the oath of the auctioneer, as alfo the fairnefs of the tranfaction to the bed of his knowledge.

XXI.	And whereas it is expedient that all goods and commodities for or in refpeft whereof any duty of excife is by law impofed% and alfo the materials, preparations, utenfils, and vejfels, in the cuftody of the mater or makers manufaftwrer or manufafturers cf fweb goods and commodities refpeftively, for the purpofe of making or manufacturing fuch goods and commodities refpeftively, fhovld be fab* jeft and liable to the duties of excife in arrear and owing from rime to time by fuch maker or makers, manufacturer or manufafturers, and alfo Jubjeft to all fines» penalties, and forfeitures incurred by fuch maker or makers, manufacturer or manufacturers relating to his, her, and their trade or bufmefs; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all goods and commodities for or in refpect whereof any duty of excife is by law im-pofed, apd all materials, preparations, utenfils, and veffcls in the cuftody of the maker or makers, or manufacturer or manufacturers of fuch goods or commodities refpectively, or in the cuftody or pofleflion of any perfon or perfons to the ufe of, or fa trult for fuch maker or makers, or manufacturer or manufacturers, (hall be fubjeft and liable to, and the fame are hereby made chargeable with, all the duties of excife in arrear and owing from time to time from or by fuch maker or makers, or manufacturer or manufacturers, for or in refpeft of any foch or the like goods and commodities refpectively fo made or manufactured by him, her, or them; and (hall alfa be fubjeft to ell fines, penalties, and forfeitures incurred by fuch maker or makers, manufacturer or manufacturers, or other perfon ufing any workhoufe, warehoufe, or other place, to fuch maker or makers, or manufacturer or manufacturers, for any offence againft any act or afts of parliament relating to the duties oa fuch or the like goods or commodities; and it (hall and may be lawful in all fuch cafes to levy fuch fines, duties, and penalties, and ufe fuch proceedings as may lawfully be done, in relation to fuch goods and commodities, in cafe the debtors or offenders were the true lawful owners thereof.

XXII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures impofed by this a ft, (hall befued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by fuch ways^ means, or methods as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any law or laws of excife, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, io any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wfflnunfter^ or in

Digitized by Google

1788.] Anno vicefimo oftavo GboROII III. c, 37.	427

the court ofexchequer in Scotland, refpedively; and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccelTors, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall inform, difeover, or fut for the fame.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded bv the authority aforefaid.

That if any adion or fuit (hall be brought or commenced Limitation of again (I any perfon or perfons for any thing by him or them adion«,eic. done in purfuance of this or any other ad or ads of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to bis Majefty’s revenues of cufloms and excife, or either of them, fuch ad ion or fiiit (hall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and (hall be laid in the proper county § and the defendant or defendants in any fuch adion or fuit may plead the general ifiue, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards £ verdid (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or difeontinue his, be?, or their adion or profecution, or judgement (hall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded to him, her, or them, again ft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That in cafe any information or fuit (hall be commenced and If in any ae* brought to trial, on account of the feizure of any goods, wares, tkerc or merchandize feized as forfeited by virtue of this or any other aft or ads of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, canfe for a relating to the (aid revenues, or either of them, or of any (hip, feizure, the vefiel, or boat, or of any horfe, cattle, or carriage ufed ©r claimant not employed in removing or carrying the fame, wherein a verdid to cofts* C ihall be found for tbe daimer thereof, and it (hall appear to the	9

judge or court, before whom the fame (hall be tried or heard, that there was a probable caufe of feizure, the judge or court before whom tbe fame (hall be tried or heard, (hall certify that . there was a probable caufe for making fuch feizure; and in fuch cafe the claimant (hall not be entitled to any cofts of fuit whatfoever, nor (hall the perfon or perfons who made fuch feizure be liable to4 any adion, indidment, or other fuit or profecution, on account of fuch feizure; and that in cafe any and in any adion, indidment, or profecution (hall be commenced and fuch aftion in brought to trial againft any perfon or perfons whatfoever, on who f«z-account of the feizing any fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, ecj j8 defen-or of any fuch (hip, vefiel, boat, horfe, cattle, or carriage, dant, be (ball ufed or employed in removing or carrying the fame (whether not be liable any information (hall be brought to trial to condemn the fame ^''daroaKc” or not), and a verdid (hall be given againft the defendant or *lc\ 8 * defendants, if the court or judge, before whom fuch adion, indidment, or profecution (hall be tried, (hall certify that there was a probable caufe for fuch feizure, then the plaintiff, be-fides the thing fo feized, or the value thereof, (hall not be in-titled to above two-pence damages, nor to any cofts of fuit; nor (hall the defendant, in fuch profecution, be imprifoned or be fined above one (hilling.	^	T	.

Ff*	30gl XXV. And

4

No writ to be fued out againft any perfon acting under any aft of parliament relating to the cuftomp or excife, in lef* than a month after notice given* etc.

108. to be paid for fuch notice.

Tender of amends may be made within the month after notice, and pleaded in bar of action, etc.

No evidence to be given but fuch as i contained in the notice.



Anno vicefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 37. £1788-

XXV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That no writ or procefs (hall be fued out againft any officer of the cuftoms or excife, or againft any perfon or perfons a&iog by his or their order, in his or their aid, for any thing done in the execution or by reafon of this or any other aft or ads of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to the faid revenues, or either of them, until one calendar month next after notice in writing (hall have been delivered to him or them,'or left at the Ufual place of his or their abode, by the attorney or agent for the perfon or perfons who intends or intend to fue out fuch writ or procefs as aforefaid; irt which notice (hall be clearly and explicitly contained, the caufe of action, the name and place of abode of the perfon or perfons in whole name fuch aftion is intended to be brought, and the name and place of abode of the faid attorney of agent; and that a fee of twenty (hillings and no more (hall be paicj for the preparing and ferving of every fuch notice.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore* faid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any fuch officer or officers, or other perfon or perfons acting in his or their aid, to whom fuch notice (hall be given as aforefaid, at any time within one calendar month after fuch notice (hall be given, to tender amends to the perfon or perfons complaining, or to bis, her, or their agent or attorney; and in cafe fuch amends are not accepted, to plead fuch tender in bar to any aftion to be brought againft him or them grounded on fuch writ or procefs, together with the plea of not guilty, and any other plea or pleas, with leave of the court in which fuch aftion (hall be brought; and if upon ifliie joined thereon, the jury (hall find the amends fo tendered to have been fufficient, then they (hall give a verdict for the defendant or defendants; and in fuch cafe, or m cafe the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or difeon-tinue fuch action, or in cafe judgement (hall be given for fuch defendant or defendants, upon demurrer, then fuch defendant, or defendants (hall be intitled to the like cofts as be or they would have been intitled to in cafe he or they had pleaded the general iflue only; and if, upon iflue fo joined, the jury fhaH lind that no amends were tendered, or that the fame were not fufficient, and alfo againft the defendant or defendants in fuch other plea or pleas, then they (hall give a verdift for foch plaintiff or plaintiffs, and fuch damages as they fhall think proper.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That no fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, in any , cafe where an action (hall be grounded on arty aft done by the lfl defendant or defendants, (hall be permitted to produce any evidence of the caufe of fuch aftion, except fuch as (hall be contained in the notice to be given as aforefaid, or (hall recover any verdift againft fuch officer or officers, or perfon or perfons afting in his or their aid, unlefs it (hall be proved on the trial of fuch aftion that fuch notice was given, and that in default of fuch proof the defendant or defendants in fuch aftioa (hall recover a verdift and cofts as aforefaid.

Digitized by _	:	e	XXVIII. And

17W,] Anno viccfimo o&avoGkokgii in. c. 37.	429

XXVIII.	And be it farther enaded by tbe authority afore*

laid. That in cafe any fuch officer or officers, or other petfbn Amends may or perfons ading in his or their aid, (hall negled to tender amends, or (hall , have tendered inefficient amends before the htoc joined? action brought, it (hall and may be Jawful for him or them, lay leave of the court in which fuch adion (hall be brought, at any time before ifltie joined, to pay into court fuch him of money as he or they Stall think fit, whereupon fuch proceedings , orders, and judgements (hall be had, made, and given in and by fucb court, as in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.	■

XXIX.	And be it further cnaded by the authority aforefaid, from

That this act (hall commence and take efied, as to all fuch W5, i7gg, matters and things therein contained in refped whereof no fpe- inailinftances rial commencement is hereby direded or provided, from and where no par-imsnediatcJy after tbe fifth day of July one thoufand (even hun- J^cemcnTit dred and righty-cighr.	fpccificd.

XXX.	And wbtreasy by an aB made in the tweietyfeventb year

of the reign of bis prefent Majefiyy intituledy An ad for laying *7 Geo. 3. additional duties upon licences, to be taken out by perlons c* recit€d’ dealing by retail in fpiritoons liquors ; noting that it was expedient that additional duties JbnH be paid by all per fins who Jbould Sake out lianas to deal by retail in Jpirituom liquor it is enaBedy That 9 from and after tbe fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and eighty feven9 there Jbould be raifedy levied, coBeBedy and paidy unto and for the nfe of bis Mejefly, bis heirs and fiuaJforSy tbe fevered and refpeBive Jums in the fetid aB in that behalf mentionedy four and upon all Barnes to be taken out annually, in manner in tbe fetid aB mentionedy by all perfons who Jbould retail any dijfilled fpi-rituous liquors or Jbrong Waters within Great Britain: and whereas divers ferjbnSy dufy'luenfedfinte tbe faffing ef the faid aB to retail diflilled fpirituous liquors, have now no liana granted to them by tbe Juftices of tbe pease in due form of law to Jell aley beery or other easy table liquors9 by reafon of fucb juftices of tbe ptaee having re-fufei to grant fucb licences to fucb perfonSy and fimilar eafes may occur in futurty and Jucbperfons being unable to fell ally beery or other endfeable BquerSy for want of fucb licencty have become greatly reduced in their circumftancesy and been deprived of tbe means by which they might have been enabled to make good tho payments by tbe faid aB direBed to be made9 for or in refpeB of the licences by tbe faid aB direBed to be taken outy and it is therefore expedient to refund to futb perfons tbe money received from them refpeBively on account of fucb paymegtSy Jince fucb their refpeBive licences granted to them refpeBively by the juftices of tbe peace have expired; and alfo to exonerate fucb perfonSy as well as all other perfons who may hereafter be in fimilar circumftancesy from all further payments by tbe faid aB direBed to be niadey for or in refpeB of the licences by tbe faid aB direBed to betaken out; be it therefore enaded. That it (hall Commffion-and may be lawful to and for the commiflioners of excife in etc^torcturn England and Scotland refpedively, or the major part of them re-to the perfons foe&ively, within thp limits of the chief officers of excife in licenfcd tore* «	F	f	4	London	uil fI“riu

Digitized by Google

m

43°

, fince parting the rrciicd ad, and who (hall not have ale licences on July 5* 1788, the monies paid under! hat ait, iiace their aie ''licences expired, etc-

47 Geo. 3. c. a$., •

Anno viccfimo o&avo Georgii IIL C. 37. [1788.

London and Edingburgb refyedively, and for the feveral collectors of cxcife in other parts of Great Britain within their refpec-tive collodions; and fuch commiffioncrs and colledors of excite refpedively are hereby required to pay, out of the monks arifing from the duties of excite upon licences to retail difiilled fpirituous liquors, to all and every perfbn and perfont who Wereduly liqenfed fince the parting of thefaid ad to retaildiAilkd fpirituous liquors, and who, on the fifth day of July one tbou-fand feven hundred and eighty-eight, (hall have no fuch licence to fell ale, beer, or other exciteable liquors, by reafon of fuch juftices of the peace having refufed to renew fuch licence* to fuch perfons, the money received from them refpedively for or on account of any of the payments by the faid ad directed to be made for or in refped of any licence or licences by the faid ad direded to be taken out, fince his, her, or their refpedive licences, granted to them refpedively by the juftices of the peace to fell ale, beer, or other exciteable liquors, have, expired ; and that no fuch perfpn or perfons as aforefaid, nor his, her, or their executor or adminiftrator, (hall be liable to the payment of any fum or Aims of money wbatfoever by the faid ad directed to be paid, for or in refped of any licence or licences by the (aid ad direded to be taken out; and no perfeo or perfons whp now is or are, or hereafter (hall be, duly lkenfed to retail diddled fpirituous liquors, and who (hall afterwards have no licence to tell ale, beer, or other excifeabk liquors* by reafon of the juftices of the peace having refufed to renew fuch licence to him, her, or them, nor his, her, or their executor or adminiftratqr, (hall be liable to the payment of any fut& or Aims of money whatfoever by the faid ad direded to be paid for or in refped of any payment by the faid ad direded to be made, for any time elapfed fince the expiration of any fuch licence or licences which any juftices of the peace (hall fo refute to renew; any thing in the faid ad contained to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

XXXI.	And whereas by an afty made in the twenty-fisventbyear of the reign of bis prefent Majefiyy intituled, An ad for granting to his Majefty certain duties on glafs imported into Great Bri-. tain, and for altering the mode of charging the duties on glafs made inx Great Britain, it was enabledy That in lieu of the duty of extifiy then chargeable and payable for or in refpeft of any materials, or metaly or other preparations made ufe <f in Great Britain in the making of cajl plate glafs, there Jhould be paid to his Mojeffiy bis heirs and fucceJJ'orSy at and after the rate of one pound one /billing /mdfive-pence halfpenny per hundred weight, for all caft plate glajs whuh Jhould be made in Great Britain, and which Jhould be fiptarei into piatcs of a fuperficics not lefs than one thoufand four hundred and eighty-five incbesy and of a tbicknefs according to their fuperficiesy as isr therein mentioned and deferibed: and whereas by the faid aft it was cnaftedy "I hat all and every maker and makers oj cajl plait glajs Jhould break into Jmall pieceSy to the fatisfaftion of the officer of ex* cife under wkofe furvey fuch maker or makers Jhould be, immediately

upon

Digitized by Google

4 3*

1788.3	Anno vicefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 37.

upon Mag rtquijled fo to do byJucb officer % all cajl plate and all tul-let which Jbould not be fquared into plates, according to the dir elf ions of the fond a8% Jo as to render futb glafs and cullet unfit for any pwrpofe kei that of re-melting \ and that if any maker or makers Jbemld ncgltff or refufe fo to do% be9 Jbe, efr they Jbouldyfor every /hah offence forfeit the fum of fifty pounds: and whereas it has been founds by experience, that there is no certainty that any soft plate of glafis will turn out to be in all its parts of the tbicknefs preferred by the fimid recited a8y although the maker thereof may intend and be deftnats to make the fame of the tbicknefs fo preferibedy and by rea-fim thereof \ the fame is liable to be broken into fmall pieces, according to the direHions of the faid recited ally to the great lofs and injury #/ the maker thereof\ be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the fifteenth day of June From Juoerj, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, no cad plate 17*8, plate glafs, the fuperficial content whereof unit be one thoufand of the tout hundred and eighty-five fquare inches and upwards, and herein fpeci-the thlckaefs whereof mall, upon an average, be at the lead fied, not to be five twentieth parts of an inch, (hall be liable to be broken into broken into (mall pieces, according to tbe directions of the faid recited adt, pieces, any thing therein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife aotwithfianding.

XXXH. And whereas by an afty made in the twenty ftxtb year ef bis prefont Majefifs reignf intituledy An adt for granting to his *6 Gccrt S* additional duties upon fweets, and for afeertaining the C( 74# duties upon licences to be taken out by perlons dealing in fweets $ it was enalfed% That from and after the fifth day of July 000a thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix* ir Jbould and might be lawful to and for his Majefifs commffioners of /lamps* or any two of them, to grant upon any piece of vellum or parchment, or Jbeet or piece of popery any licence for filling of fweets or Briti(h-«wdr mats by any retail meafure* to any perfon or perfons applying for * the fame, (although fuch perfon or perfons Jbould not have a fpirituous liquor or ale licence), Jlamped or marked with a fiamp or mark of two pounds and four /hillings; and that all and every perfon and perfons Jelling Britidi -made wines only under Jucb licenceSy Jbould be freed and difebarged from any penalty by the a8s therein mentioned impofied for felling wine under licences not Jfampedy as by the faid a8s were dtre8ed: and whereas it is expedient to refrain the felling Britifh wines or fweets for confumption in tbe loufes of retailers thereof* to fuch perfons only as /ball have obtained as well a licence for foiling beer and ale, as a licence for the fale of Britifh•made wines; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid. That From July s# from and after the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, no perfon (hall, by virtue of any licence for Briti/h wines the fale of BntiJb-made wines or fweets, be intitled to fell fuch for confuirp-wines or fweets for confumption in his or her own houfe, ti°n in tbeir unlefs fuch perfon (hall alfo have obtained a licence for felling J^0u°u.[c# beer and ale.	beer licence.

Digitized by

Google

C A P.

Preamble.

All alls in force, in as far as they relate tothe carrying coaft-wife, &c. or to the exportation of the articles herein fpecified, to be repealed, except fo much of 9 and so'Gul. 3. e. 40. as relates to wool iborn,

Anno viccfimo odlavo Georgii III. 0.38. * [1788. CAP. XXXVIII.

An aCt to explain, amend, and reduce into one ad of parhameuS, feveral laws now in being for preventing the exportation of Sue Jhecp, rams, and lambs, wool, woolfels, mortlings, jborthugs, yam, and worfled, crueh, toverlids9 waddings, and other manufactures, or pretended manufadures, made of wool flightfy wrongest up, or otberwife put together, fo as the fame may be reduced to aud muk iefe of as wool again, mattraffes or beds fluffed with combed wool, or wool fit for combing, fullers eartb9 fulling clay9 and tdbaeea-pipe clay, from this kingdom, andfrom the ijles ef Jerky9 Guera~ fey, Alderney, Sai k, and Man, into foreign parts; and fur rendering more effectual an aft pajfed in the twenty-third year ef the reign of King Henry the Eighth', intituled. An 2& for the winding of wool.

WH E R E A S the feveral a(ls of parliament am in forte far preventing and prohibiting the exportation of live jbetp, ram, and lambs9 wool9 woolfels9 mortlings9 Jbortlings, yam9 or wrnfloi made of wool9 wool-flocks, cruels9< coverlids9 waddings9 or other manufadures, or pretended manufactures, made ef wool flighty wrought up, or otberwife put together, Jo as the fame may be reduced to and made vfe of as wool again, mattraffes or beds fluffed with combed wool9 or wool fit for tombing or carding, fullers earth, feBag clay, or tobacco-pipe clay, from and out of this kingdom, meet thrifts of Jerfey, Guernfey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, into fordgo parts \ and the regulations and reftriCiious made and fpecified m ike faidfeveral ads have in many refpeds been found mjuffhient toaufmr the good purpofes intended thereby : and whereas it would tend more effectually to prevent the exportation of the find foverpl articles, if the faid ads, or fo much thereof as concern the faid fevered articles, mere repealed; and fucb and fo many of the powers, proviflons, regulations, and reflrifiions therein contained, with fucb amendments and additions as may be expedient and requifite for effecting the above-mentioned important purpofe, were comprized in one aCt: may it therefore pkafe your Majefty that it may be ena&ed? and be it enadted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritualand temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all and lingular the feveral a&s of parliament now in force, or fo much thereof as relate in any manner tothe carrying coaft-wife, or to the faid ides, or any of them, or to prevent the exportation of the following articles, goods, or commodities; (that is to fay), live (beep, rams, and lambs, woo), woolfels, mortlings, fhortlings, yarn, or worfted made of wool, wool-flocks, cruels, coverlids, waddings, or other manufadures, or pretended manufactures, made of woo) (lightly wrought up, or otberwife put together, fo as the fame may be reduced to and made ufe of as wool again, or mattrafles or beds fluffed with combed wool, or wool tit for combing or carding, or any fuller’s earth, fulling clay, or tobacco-pipe clay, except fo much of an a &. of parliament, palled in the ninth and tenth years of the

n t	xcign

Digitized by VjOOQLC

*7®8*3 Anno vicefimo o&avo 6eoroii III. c. 38.	433

reign of his late majefty King William the Third, intituled. An hid up within a£I far the explanation and better execution of former afls made agoinjl *? ™Ies of treptfport alien of wool) fullers earthy and fcouring tiny, as relates to ^ p*^^ wool (horn, laid up or lodged within ten miles of the fea fuie, reading wkh-trithin the counties of Kent or Suffex, or either of them, or to in 15 miles of any perfbn or perfons refiding within fifteen miles of the fea in fca*,a the laid counties of Kent or Suffix, (hall be, and the fame are SuffexT hereby repealed; and that from and after the pafiing hereof, this aft, 'and all the powers, provifions and regulations herein contained, refpcdling all or any of the before enumerated articles, goods, or commodities, (hall commence, take effe<5t, and be in lorefc, in fuch (banner as are herein-after mentioned.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That If live fheep, if any perfon or perfons wbofoever (hall, from and after the i>e con-pa fling of this aft, bring, deliver, fend, receive, or take, or Q^at ^ntaiit caufc or procure to be brought, delivered, fent, received, 5r or jerfey, taken into any (hip, veffel, or boat, any rams, (heep, or lambs, thevand the* of any fort or defeription whatfoever, of the breed of the king- veffcI *rc for-dom of Great Britain, or of the ides of Jerfey, Guernfey, Alder- fcltcd» mQf, Sark, or Man% being alive, to be carried and conveyed out of the faid kingdom of Great Britain, or any of the faid ides, the fold ranis, (heep, or lambs, and alfo the (hip, veffel, or boat, bn board of which the fame (hall be taken or received, (hall become forfeited, and liable to be feized and fecured for the benefit of any perfon or perfons feizing the fame; and every fuch per- and the perfbn or perfons fo offending, his, her, and their aiders, abettors, fons affifting procurers, and comforters, knowing thereof, and who (hall be t^c|[cin toPaT thereof convicted, (hall, for every (heep or lamb which (hall be j^d brought, delivered, fent, received, or taken, with any fuch in- fuffer three tent asaforefaid, into any (hip, veffel, or boat, forfeit the fum months im-of three pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, and (hall alfo prifonment; fuffer folitary imprifonment in the commom gaol or houfe of correction of the county, riding, divifion, (hire, or flewartry, tvhetein fuch offender or offenders (hall be refptlively convidfed, for the fpace of three calender months, without bail or main-prize, add until fuch forfeiture (hall be paid, fo as the whole of Tuch imprisonment for the nonpayment of fuch forfeiture (hall hot exceed the fpace of twelve calendar months; and in cafe of and fora fob-any further conviction for or upon a fecond or other fubfequent kquent of-ofFence of the fame kind, the perfon or perfons fo again offend-ing fhall, upon every fecond or other fubfequent convidlion, for- and to fuffer feit and pay for every fuch (heep or lamb the fum of five pounds fix months of lawful money of Great Britain, and (hall alfo fuffer folitary i^prifon-imprifonment in the common gaol of houfe of corrcdtion of the mcnt* county, riding, divifion, (hire, or (tewartry wherein fuch of-# fender or offenders (hall be refpedtively convidted, for the fpace* of fix calendar months, without bail or mainprize, and until fuch forfeitures (hall be paid, fo as the whole of the imprifon-ment for the nonpayment of the forfeiture incurred by fuch fecond or other fubfequent offence (hall not exceed the fpace of Ffr/c,f^rc810 (Wo years j all of which laid fcvcral forfeitures (hall be for the fo^ying1^

benefit the lime.

Digitized by vjOO^LC

Not to extend to live (heep carried for diet of crew.

If olive wether (beep to be fbipt for diet witbont licence from the port officer of the cnftomi.

Licence to fpecify the number of (beep* which malt be fbipt intheprefeocc of the officer* on penalty of forfeiture and nos. for each iieep.

Where there in no officer, the licence to be granted by the officers at the neareft place, 6cc.

Not to extend to veflels bound to or from any place between the mull of Can tire and tape Wrath;

Anno viceGmo o&avo Georgii IIL C. 38. [ij|

benefit of the perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fastrj vided always, That nothing in this ad contained ihaSkl wife extend to fubjedfany perfon or perfons, or any ihip,i or boat, to any of the pains, penalties, or forfeiture!, I contained, for the carrying or conveying away of an (heep, or of the wool growing upon any fuch wether I be carried alive in any (hip, veflel, or boat, out of the I of Great Britain, or out of any of the faid ides, for and I the only ncceflary food and diet of or for the m after at 1 mander, mariners, paflengers, or perfons therein, and 1 towards no other purpofe whatfoever.

III.	Provided always, and be it further cna&ed by thei rity aforefaid. That no live wether (heep (hall be put ore on board any (hip, veflel, or boat, for the neceGary foodc of the matter or commander, mariners or paflengers f until an application (hall have been made to the com and collector of the cuftoms of fuch port or place wh fame are intended to be (hipped, and a licence obtained I them for the (hipping thereof, which licence (hall ipedf number of wether (heep (o to be pot on board fuch (hip orf and they (hall in no cafe exceed fuch number as in the jl ment of the officers granting fuch licence (hall be deeawd^ cient for the ufe of fuch mafter or commander, maria* paflengers, during the intended voyage of beb (hip eM according to the diftance thereof, nor (hall the feme bef ' but in the pretence of the proper officers appointed to4l fame, upon pain that the (heep fb put on board fhaH 1 forfeited to the perfon or perfons feizing the fame, and I fon or perfons (hipping or attempting to (hip the feme t every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the (um of twenty I for every fuch (heep, to the perfon or perfons who (hall W thereof.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enaded. That if it I pen that there (hall be no comptroller or coUe&or of the < at the place where the faid live wether (beep are intended! (hipped, that then and in every fuch cafe fuch licence 6 ' obtained from and the (hipping of fuch live wether fbcepf made in the prefence of fome one or more officer or on his Majefty’s revenue neareft to fuch place, and every officer is hereby required to grant fuch licence and to atfiea and overlook the (hippingof fuch (heep; any thing herdac tained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwitbftandisg.^

V.	And whereas there arey within fame parts of that part sf' Britain called Scotland, very few officers of his Majifiys te\ be it therefore ena&ed. That nothing in this ad contained« refpsd to any officer being prefent at the (hipping of live * (heep, or the granting a licence for that purpofe, (hall cite be conftrued to extend, to the (hipping of live wether fheep| board any (hip, veflel* or boat which (hall be bound only I from any port or place between the A&U of Gvttire aodC

Digitized by

Google

* 7*8.) Anno vicefimo o&avo Qeoroii III. c. 3$.	435

P^rath% for the neceflary food and diet of or for the matter or commander, mariners, paflengers, or perfons on board fuch Chips, veflels, or boats, and for and towards no other purpofe wbaitfoever,

V I. And whereas, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, eftates and farms often conjijl of mainland and fmall ijlands within the different firths or Jeas adjacent, on which ijlands Jbeep are fed and de-pmftmred, and which, for that and other purpofe j, mu ft necejfarily be removed on board boats or other vefjels from one ifland to another ijland% or to the mainland, or therefrom to the faid ijlands; be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That this a&, or any thing nor to the herein contained, (hall not extend to prevent or hinder any land-	^**7

holder, proprietor, or tenant of fuch eftate or eftates, or farm Mainland to or farms, from moving, tranfporting, carrying, and cxchang- iflands wit hi* vng from the mainland to any ifland or iflands in the firths or the firth* of feas adjacent, or from any fuch ifland to another fuch ifland, or Sc.otIand, from thence to the mainland, on board boats or other veflels, *onC([ftofa any live, (beep or lambs, as occafton may be or require.	both.

VII.	Provided always neverthelefs, and be it further enafled,

That it (hall not be lawful to or for any fuch landholder, pro- Proprietor#, prictor, or tenant of fuch aforefaid eftate or eftates, farm or ct£- rucl? farms, to remove, tranfport, carry, or exchange, any fuch live £not°to«-(heep or lambs as aforefaid, until he, (he, or they (hall have port flieep to entered into a bond, to the ufe of the King's majefty, his heirs foreign part*, and futceflors, in the penalty of one hundred pounds, that fuch an? to obtain landholder, proprietor, or tenant, will not export, or knowingly	for

permit to be exported, to foreign parts, any live (heep, lambs, theraT* * woo!, woolfels, mortlings, or fhortlings, to him, her, or them belonging, contrary to the true inteht and meaning hereof; and Hull have delivered fuch bond to one of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, officer of the cuftoms, or officer of excife, neareft to the refidence of fuch landholder, proprietor, or tenant; and alfo until he, (he, or they (hall have obtained a licence for the moving, tranfporting, carrying, or exchanging any fuch live (heep or iambs as aforefaid, from fuch aforefaid juft ice of the peace, or officer, under his hand and Teal; and which fuch aforefaid' jufticc and officer are hereby required to grant upon .receiving fuch bond, or at any time thereafter.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That every fuch licence Licence to (hall exprefs and contain the name and refidence of the perfon contain the and perfons to whom the fame (hall be granted, and the names ^^on°to * and fituations of the iflands to and from which any fuch live whomgrant-(heep or lambs (hall and may be thereby moved, tranfported, ed, etc. and to carried, or exchanged; and every fuch licence (hall continue in continue in force until a forfeiture (hall be made of the laft aforefaid bond ; be flr-which faid bond, and a copy of every fuch licence, (hall be fenr, fejtcd. by thejuftice or officer who (hall take or grant the fame, within Bondandcopy one month next after the receiving of fuch bond or granting fuch of licence to licence refpe&ively, to the commiflioners of his Majeftv's cuf- he fcnt to the terns in Edinburgh.	*	ofZcu’E

IX.	And be it further cnafted by the authority aforefaid, Edinburgh.

That

Digitized by

436	Anno vicefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 39.	[	17SC

Perfons con- That all and every perfon and perfons who (hall, from arf ▼eying wool, afler the pafling of this aCt, direCtly or indirectly carry, exportf GreatBrttain, tranfport, or otherwife convey, or caufe or procure to be carrier or Jerfey, etc! exported, tranfported, or otherwife conveyed, -out of the kin£$ owners, etc. dom of Great Britain, or out of or from the faid ides of J&fw of (hips,carts, Guernfey, Alderney, Sark, and or out of or from any if orrevenue* them, into any parts or places out of the kingdom or ides afefy officers, ex- faid, any wool whatfoever of the growth of the kingdom* or m porting, or af- the ifles a fore faid, or any woolfels, mortlings, fhortlings, yam fitting in the or worftcd made of wool, woolflocks, cruels, coverlids, wad-fce«, w«S, dings, or other manufactures, or pretended manufactures, made etc. liable to of wool dightly wrought up, or otherwife put together, fo a* tfcr penalties. fame may be reduced to and made ufe of as wool again, or mat* trades or beds (luffed with combed wool, or wool fit for comb* ing or carding, or any fullers earth, fulling clay, or tobacco* pipe clay, and alfo all and every owner and owners of any (hip or other vedel, and all and every owner and owners of every horfe or other bead of burthen, waggon, cart, or carriage, upo*

-	which any (heep, wool, or other articles before enumerated^

and hereby prohibited from exportation, (hall be exported^ tranfported, carried or conveyed, packed or loaded, with an intent to be exported, knowing thereof, and being actually aiding, affifting, or contenting thereunto, and alfo every matter am commander, and mariner of or in fuch (hip or other veflcl wherein any fuch wool or other articles aforefaid, and which are hereby prohibited from being exported, (hall be fo exported, tranfported, carried or conveyed, or loaden or laid on board as aforefaid, with any fuch intent or purpofe as aforefaid, knowing thereof, and being actually aiding, aflitting, or confendag thereunto, and alfo every taCtor or fervant, or other perfon whatfoever, and every collector, cuftomer, comptroller, waiter, fearcher, furveyor, or other officer or officers whomfoever, knowing thereof, and being actually aiding, aflitting, or confenting thereunto, and who (hall be thereof convicted, (ball Penalties. forfeit and pay for the firft offence three (hillings for every pound weight of fuch wool, or other the aforefaid enumerated articles, which are hereby prohibited from being exported, or the fum of fifty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain in the whole, at the election of the perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame,

#	and (hall alfo fuffer folitary imprifonment in the common gaol

or houfe of correction of the county, riding, divifion, (hire, or jftewartry wherein fuch offender or offenders (hall be refpeCtively convicted, for the fpace of three calendar months, without bail or mainprize, and until the penalty in which he, (he, or they (hall be convicted (hall be paid, fo as the whole of fuch imprifonment for the nonpayment of fuch penalty (hall not exceed the fpace of twelve calendar months; and in cafe of a further conviction for or upon a fecond or other fubfequent offence of the fame kind, the perfon or perfons fo again offending (hall, upon every fecond, or other fubfequent conviction, forfeit and pay three (hillings for every pound weight of fuch wool and other

articles

Digitized by v^ooQle

4J7

7*V) Anno vicefimo o&avo GeoRGII III. c. 38.

irticles bercin-beforc mentioned, and which are hereby prohibited from being exported, or the fum of fifty pounds of lawful uooey of Great Britain, at the eledion of the perfon or perfons who (nail fue for the fame, and (hall alfo fufifer folitary impri-Foament in the common gaol or houfe of corredion of the axmty, riding, divifion, (hire, or ftewartry, wherein fuch offender or offenders (hall be refpedively convided, forthe fpace of (ix calendar months, without bail or mainprize, and until the penalty in which be, (he, or they (hall be convided (hall be paid, Jo as the whole of fuch imprifonment for the nonpayment of the penalty which (hall be incurred by fuch fecond or other fubfequeat offence, (hall not exceed the fpace of two years; all Forfeiture* to which faid fevcral forfeitures (hall be for the benefit of the per- P (bn or perfons who (hall fue for the fame; and the faid wool, them. g and other the faid hcrein-before enumerated articles, which (hall Wool, etc. be packed* loaded, removed, carried, conveyed, or (hipped, conveyedcon-wkh intent to export the feme, otherwife than under and ac- triryt?5hi? cording to the reftri&ions and regulations, and fubjed to the ^c|w,^ctht^ powers and exceptions herein-after mentioned and exprelfed, be forfeited, (hall, together with the (hip, veflel, bottom, or boat, waggon, cart, and other carriage, horfes, or other beafts, on or by which any of the faid hereby prohibited articles (hall happen to be Co loaded, carrying or conveying, (hall be liable to be feized, and (hail become forfeited for the benefit of the perfon or perfons who (hall ieize the fame.

X.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That nothing Adnottoex-iatbis ad contained (hall extend, or be deemed or conftrued to	*hc

extend, to prohibit the exportation of tobacco-pipe clay from ^ba^o^pipef any port in this kingdom to any Britijb fugar colony or planta- c]ay to the** tion in the Wejl Indies, in any (hip or veflel which may lawfully Britifocoio-trade thither, fo long as the exportation thereof (hall be allowed *n the. by virtue of an ad made and pafied in the feventeenth year of ihowtd the reign of his prefent majefty, intituled. An aft for repealing by 17 Geo. 3. the eleventh ruli in the book of rates%fo far as the fame relates to c. 43. mating any allowance upon the importation of damaged currants and rrijmy and for making the importer of fetch goods an abatement in the duties in lieu thereof \ and for explaining the faid rule with refpeft to ftub allowance for damage on other goods; and to permit the exporta-lion of tobacco-pipe clay from this kingdom to the Britiflb fugar colonies or plantations in the Weft Indies, for a limited time$ which faid recited ad has been continued by feveral fubfequent ads of parliament.

XI.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all If wool, etc. and every owner and owners of wool, or any other the faid here- intended to in-Wore enumerated woollen and worfted articles, and which are hereby prohibited from being exported, or his, her, or their jng toward/* agent or agents, who (hall at any time hereafter carry, or caufe the fea with-to be carried, any wool, or any other the faid laft mentioned out entrv articles, to any port or place on the fea coaft within the faid jl^b^n ^ kingdom of Great Britain, with an intention to convey the fame ^ade, to be to aoy other port or place on the fea coaft within the lame king- forfeited, etc.

dom, *

Digitized by v^ooQle

43?

but not to extend to wool

Anno vicefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 38.

dom, from whence the fame may be (hipped off, of otl tranfported, conveyed, or carried into foreign parts, (hall, firft place, caufe a due entry to be made of the faid wool, other the faid laft mentioned articles, at the port from the fame (hall be fo intended to be conveyed, containing exaft weight, marks, and numbers of the fame, before fcfc (he, or they, (hall prefume to load or carry away any of thefifal wool, or the laft mentioned articles, within five miles of mf fuch port or place on the faid fea coafts, from whence the is or are fo to be conveyed; and if any wool, or any other Ac faid laft mentioned articles, (hall be carrying towards the fa, ] for the purpofe aforefaid, without being firft entered in nnuMr aforefaid, and without being accompanied with a certificate*! fuch entry, and which the officer with whom fuch entry (hafffce made is hereby required to give, the woo), and other the aftsc* faid articles, fo found, and alfo the horfe or horfes, or other beaft, cart, waggon, or other carriages conveying the (Me, (hall be forfeited Tor the benefit of the perfon or perfons who Ad 1‘eize thereupon.

XII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafled. That the aforegoing claufe is not intended, nor lhall be conftrued to ex-carrying from tend, to the hindering any perfon or perfons from carrying fab,

(heanngto°the *lcr> or t*lc*r wo°l fr°m P*acc &ear*ng the fame, on horfes, owner’s or by carts and waggons, to his, her, or their own dweffiog houfe,though houfe or houfes, or outhoufes thereunto belonging, though thfe within 5 miles famc be within five miles or lefs of the fea, fo as fuch perfon or the quantity Pcr^°ns» within ten days after the (hearing of the faid wool, and be certified to before he, (he, or they remove or otherwife difpofe of thefome^ the officer of or any part thereof, from the place where it was firft carried thc	after (hearing, do under his, her, or their hands, certify to the

temiontore” °®ccrs °f cuftomsin the next adjacent port the true quantity move it. of the faid wool; (that is to fay), of the number of fleeces, and where the fame is houfed, and that fuch perfon or perfons do not remove, or otherwife difpofe of the faid wool to any other place, without firft certifying to the officer of fuch port, under his, her, o t their hands, of his, her, or their intention to remove the fame, three days at leaf! before fuch removal; and the officer and officers in their refpe£tive ports, and the limits of fuch ports, are hereby required to receive and keep Rich certificates, and to make a regifter of them; but in cafe any fuch perfon or perfons (hall negledt to make and fend fuch certificate to the officer or officers of the next adjacent port as aforefaid, or (ball remove, or otherwife difpofe of any of the faid wool before fuch certificate of his, her, or their intention fo to be made and delivered as aforefaid, fuch perfon or perfons (hall have no benefit by this provifo, but be liable to the penalties ex prefled in the foregoing claufe.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafied, That if fuch next adjacent port (hall happen to be at a greater diftaoce certificates to than ®ve m^es fro™ the dwelling houfe or houfes of fuch afore-b«r given to * faid perfon or perfons, that then and in every fuch cafe every justice, etc.	fiich

^	Digitized	by	Google

Officer to regifter fuch certificates.

If there be no port within five miles.

x 788.] Anno vicefimo odaro GeoRgii III. c. 38.	439

filth aforefaid entry, notice, or certificate, (hall and may be mamitc or given to any one of his Majefty’s jufticcs of the peace, ear muay officer of his Majefty’s revenue, neareft to the dwelling or houfes of fucb perfon or perfons; any thing herein con-laissed to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XIV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That in cafe 02*nt*ty of any Ihtep (hall be (horn between the firft day of March and the ^cp flierri firft of July in each year, for the foie purpofe of fending them for market -to.market, and in cafe the owner or owners of fuch fheep (hall between not remove or otherwife difpofeof the wool or fleeces, which March i.and (hall be (horn from fuch (heep, from the places where the fame Jo/be’certifi-twe firft carried after (hearing, without firft certifying in three ed tju aftcr days in manner aforefaid, it (hail not be neceffary for fuch owner the general or owners to certify the true quantity of the faid wool and num- flaring, if ber of fuch fleeces, and where the lame are houfed, until fuch ™^ou$y8 owner or owners (hall certify in manner before mentioned the notice of the quantity of the wool and number of the fleeces (horn from the removal be whole* of the flock or flocks belonging to fuch owner or owners, certified as after the general (hearing for that feafon of the faid flock or flocks. aforcfald-

XV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons. Qualified per-authorifed and qualified as herein-after is mentioned, to feize, \hrir own take, and challenge, to and for his and their own ufe and ufe, wool, &c. benefit, all fuch wool, woolfek, mortlings, (hortlings, and other found near the faid woollen and worded articles, fullers earth, fulling clay, lea or and tobacco-pipe clay, which he or they (hall happen to fee, rwer^-fth C know, or dilcover, to be brought, carried, or laid oq (bore, at an intent to or near the fea, or any navigable river, to the intent or purpofe be exported, to be exported or conveyed out of the faid kingdom of Great Britainr or out of the ides aforefaid, or any of them, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adt; and the offender or Penalty on the offenders therein (hall be fubjedt and liable to the like forfeiture, orders, pains and penalties as perfons by this adt are fubjedt unto for exporting, tranfpojting, or (hipping: of wool, or other the commodities aforefaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That it Wool for the (hall and may be lawful to export and tranlport the feveral etc.°maVbc* quantities of wool herein-after mentioned out of or from the port cxportedtroiri of Southampton only, unto the ides of Jerfejy Guernfej, Alderney\ Southampton or Sariy by or for the only ufe or behoof of any of the inhabi- uncJer the re-tants ofthefaid ides, or fomc oroncof them, but under and fubjedt herein°con-to the regulations in this adt contained, refpedting the removal tained.

and (hipping of wool, and fo as fuch wool fbali be (hipped or laden on board fome (hip or veffel then the property of fome perfon or peribns refuting within one of the faid ides of JerJey,

Guernfejy Alderney, or Sarky and fo as fuch perfon and perfons as (hall fo (hip or put on board fuch wool aforefaid in* any fuch (hip or other veffel, do, before the (hipping or'putting on board fuch wool, deliver unto the colledtor, cuftomer, comptroller,, furveyor, or feardier of the port of Southampton aforefaid, (out

Vox.. XXXVI.	G	g	of

Digitized by

of which the fame wool is to be exported), a writing under hand and feal of the governor of the faid ifle of Jerfey* or of 1 deputy or deputies, as to the wool which is to be exported! to the faid ifland; and under the feal of the faid governor Guemfey* or of his deputy or deputies, as to the wool whkfeii-' to be expqrted to ,the faid ides of Guemfey* Alderney* and Ssrb* or any of them ; iirwhich writing it (hail be exprefled that d party named therein is authorifed and appointed to export! caufe to be exported out of the port aforefaid fo much wool, e prefling the number of tods, to the fame ifles, or fovne or^ooe of them, to be ufed and manufactured in one of the fame ite, or in fome of the members or parts of the fame, and that fadk party, fo authorifed and appointed to export or caufe to be«x* ported fuch wool, hath, before the making and fealing of ifee faid writing, entered into fufficient bond to his Majefty’s ufcfor the landing of the faid wool in manner aforefaid.

Quantity that XVII. And, to the intent that the quantity of wool to be exported ported annu- out °f f0*1 °f Southampton aforejaid into the faid ifles* or either ally to Jerfey, °f them* in any one year* account mg the year to begin from the flrfl etc.	day of January now laft pajl% andfo from the firjl day of January in

every fucceeding year* may not exceed the quantity hereunder fpecified*

(ithat is to fay)* unto the ifle of Jerfey four thoufand tods* aid m more* of uncombed wool; and unto the ifle <5/ Guemfey two tbottfend tods* and no more* of uncombed wool; and unto the ifle of Alderney four hundred tods of uncombed wool* and no tnore\ and unto the ifle if Sark two hundred tods of uncombed wool* and no more* each tod wet exceeding thirty-two pounds in weight; be it further enabled by the Governor of authority aforefaid, That the governor of the faid Hie of Jerfey* Jcriev, etc. or \x\s deputy, for whom he mall anfwer, (hall not make to aay Hfe tb/ex- °* Per^on or perfons any writing or writings, fuch as is above fpe-portatfon of Cified, to authorife and appoint fuch perfon or perfons as afore* more than the faid to fetch, export, or tranfport, out of the port of Soutbamptm quantity fpe- aforefaid unto the faid ifle of Jerfey* in any one year, account* un<x ‘	ing	the	year	from	the	faid	firft	day of January* any greater quad-

tity of wooUhan four thoufand tods; and that the governor of the faid ifle of Guemfey* or his deputy, for whom he (hall anfwer, (hall not make to any perfon or perfons any writing or writion, fuch as is above fpecihed, to authorife and appoint fuch perm or perfons as aforefaid to fetch, export, or tranfport out of the port above fpecified, unto the faid ifles of Gucrnfey* Alderney* and Sark* in any one year, acounting the year from the firft day of January as aforefaid, any greater quantity of wool than two thoufand tods for Guernfey* four hundred tods for Alderney* and Cuft^mer of two hundred tods for Sark** and that the cuftomer of the port Southampton c( Southampton aforefaid (hall keep a true account of ali the faid obced * and Iluant,iy °f w°o1 him permitted to be laden by this ad, forfeit 5©ot. an^ (hall not permit any greater quantity of wool to be laden it he permit a than by this act is preferibed, in any one year, to any of the (aid larger than ifiands re(pedfivelv, under any pretence whatfoever, upon the quatititytobe	o{	thc	forfeiture	of	his	place,	and	of	the	fum	of five hua-

jaden. 7 dred pounds in money, one moiety whereof to the King’* mi-

J

Digitized by Google

Anno Vicelimb o£Uvo GfeoRGiI IIL c. j8.	44*

jefty, his heirs or fucceffors, and the other moiety to him bjr

them that will fue for the fame in any court of record, wherein

00 effoin, protection, or wager of law, nor more than one im- .

parlance, (hall be allowed: and if any of the governors of the Vathorrf-

feid ifles, their or either of their deputy or deputies, (hall give, fng'a )arg<r

grant, or make any licence or licences for exporting from South• quantity to be

amp ton aforefaid into the faid ides refpeCHvely any greater quan- exported, to

tity of fueh wool than is before, by the true meaning of this aC\,	*

limited and appointed in that behalf; that then the rcfpeCUve pcr

governor or governors of fuch of the faid ides (hall forfeit and

pay to the King’s majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, the fum of

twenty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain for every tod of

wool which (hall be fo licenfed to be exported, over and above

the rate or proportion of wool in and by this *Ct, or the true

meaning thereof, limited or appointed, one moiety whereof (hall

be paid to the King’s majefty, his heirs or fuccelfors, and tire

other moiety thereof to him or them that will fue for the fame

in any court of record, wherein no effoin, protection, or Wager

of law, nor more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

XVIII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, 1*• j? hp patd That the refpective governors aforefaid, or their refpe&ive d£-

puties, or any of their clerks, officers, or fervants, for the granting, making, figning, or fealing of every fuch writing of licence before directed, and for the entering rremembrance ojf the fame into fome book which they (hail have and keep for that purpofe, (hall h4ve and take the (urii of one (hillirig, and rtd more.

XIX.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid*

That/10 wool, or any of the herein-before enumerated woollen No wool, etc. orworfted articles, fullers earth, fulling clay, or tobicco-pipe day, (hall, on any pretence whatever, be put on board any (hip belonging to or orher veffel, hulk, or boar, whereof any alien-born, or natural-born whereof any naturaUborU fubjeCt, not inhabiting within the fubjeCh reti-kingdom of Great Britain, (hall be owner or part owner; and Br|\a\n^rcat every fuch (hip or veffel, hulk, or boat; whereirt any (belt wool, r 1 * or other articles herein-before enumerated, (hall be (hipped, put, or laid on board, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aCt, (hall be forfeited to and for the ufe df the perfon and ^ % perfons feizing the fame: provided always, That this aCt (h&ll foUmb fleins not extend to any lamb (kins ready dreffed and prepared, fit attd drfcflVdforfur ufeful for fur or linings.	or linings.

XX.	And whereas^ by the faid at1 of the ninth and tenth years of Recital of part the reign oj his late majefty King William the Thirds it is enabled* 9 and 10 Jhat no perfon or perfons reftding within fifteen miles of the fea, in Gu '3*c* the counties of Kent and Suffex, ftall preJunto to buy any wool before they enter into bond to the King*s majefty, his heirs or fuuejfors, with fureties, that all the wool they buy jball not be fold by them to any perfon or ptrfons within fifteen mites of the fea; and in cafe any wbol be found tqrr 'red tbwatds the fea fide in the counties aforefaid,, unltfs fuch wool be firft entered* and fecur ity. given, the fame Jhalt be forfeited, and the perfon or perfons offending therein Jball alfo forfeit

Ggz	thru

Digitized by	M

44*	Anno Ticcfimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 38.	[1788.

three Ihillings for every pound weight of ail fuch wool; and that m wool removed from the place- id here it was firji boufed% lodged, or laid after /hearings within ten miles of the fea fide, in Kent or Safest Jhall be lodged after the firfi removing within fifteen milts of tbtjm, in the faid counties, upon pain of forfeiting allJuch wool if found\ kit if carried away, then every perfon or perfons who were the owners of the faid wool to forfeit, for every pound weight, the fium of three JUS* lings: and whereas buyers and manufacturers of wool refiding within fifteen miles of the fea, in the faid counties of Kent and Suflbr, who pur chafe quantities of wool, are often obliged to Jell again the whole, v or fome part of the wool which they have pur chafed, and which tiny, by the faid aft, are prevented from felling to any perfon or perfims m the find counties within fifteen miles of the fea, which is attended wish ’	great hardfhip to the faid buyers and manufacturers of wool - for the

Wool may be remedy whereof, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That, vdtffin *C* ^rom anc* a*ter 1 ie Pa^*n8 °f Ms a<^5fhall an<* may be lawful milesot the f°r any buyer or manufacturer of wool within the faid counties lea in Kent of Kent and Sujfex, refiding within fifteen miles of the fea, hax-and Suflex, ing given fuch bond, with fureties, as is before mentioned, » WartieVhave any wo0^ t0 an^ kuyer or nianufaiSlurer of wool within the gtven theVC kid counties, who has alfo given fuch bond, with fureties, as is bond re- a lore faid, and to remove and lodge the fame at the warehouse or quired,etc. other place belonging to the perfon or perfons to whom the fame 1 (hall be fold, and who has entered into fuch bond, with fureties, as is aforefaid, as often as (hall be thought necefTary, although the perfon or perfons purchafing the famefhall live within fifteen miles of the fea, fuch wool being removed, and fuch perfon or perfons giving fuch notice of the lodging and houfin^ thereof, as is required by the faid ad of the ninth and tenth years of $c reign of his late majefty King JVilliam the Third.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That nothing in the faid recited ad contained (hall extend, or be conftraed to extend, to prevent or hinder any wool fhorn, or houfed, laid up or lodged within ten miles of the fea fide, within the counties of Kent and Sujfex, or either of them, from being removed or carried to any town, field, or place, where a regular and cflablifh-ed fair lhall be held for the Tale of wool; and in cafe the fame fliall not be fold or difpofed of at fuch fair, 'to bring back fuch wool to the houfe or place from whence the fame had been taken: provided that, previous to the retpoval of fuch wool, a permit be taken out containing the quantity of the wool to be removed, and to continue in torce for and during fuch time as may be necefTary for the removal of the fame to the fair as aforefaid, and the returning thereof to the houfe or place from whence the fame had been taken, in cafe the fame (hall not be fold or difpofed of at fuch fair, and the proper officers are hereby required to grant all fuch permits upon application to them made for that purpofe Permits for fr°m tbe grower of the wool.

wool fo fold XXII. And be it further ena&ed. That every permit (hall to be pro-	accompany the wool for the removal of which the fame (hall

officer tetc	^ave ^een grantet*5 and ^all, in cafe of fuch wool being foldor

0	1	difpofed

Wool (horn or houfed within 10 miles of the fea in Kent and Suflex may be carried to fairs for fale, etc, on permit.

Digitized by Google'

1788.] Anno viceftmo o&avo Georgii III. c. 38.	443

difpofcd of at the fair whereto the fame fball be carried, be pro* by the purchafer or purchafers thereof to the proper officer * of officers, who (hall then grant to fuch purchafer or purchafers another permit, or other permits, tor the taking fuch wool faom fuch fair, and which permit or permits (hall fpecify the mnntity of wool to be moved, and the time during which it uaaU be to continue in force.

XXIIL And be it further enaCted, That in cafe of the return Wool re*urn* of any fuch wool unfold to the houfe or place from whence the f^m^ra t0 fame (hall have been faken, the fame (hall become fubjCCt and be fubjett to liable to the fame rules, reftriCtions, and laws, as it would have the fame rules been, in cafe the fame had never been moved, or taken to any a8 before fair as aforefaid.	rem<mK

XXIV* And be it further enaCted by the authority afore-fatd. That if any perfon or perfons whofoever (hall counterfeit,	coun"

erafe, or in anywife alter any certificate or acknowledgement in certificate the faid recited aft mentioned, or any licence, certificate, or in- etc. to forfeit ftrument hereby directed to be made or given, of (hall caufe or 20I. procure the fame or either of them to be counterfeited, forged, crafed, or altered in any refpeCt, or (hall knowingly make ule of any counterfeited or altered licence, certificate, or acknowledgement, he, (he, or they fo offending (hall forfeit and pay the fuoi of twenty pounds for every fuch offence to any perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame.

XXV.	And be it further enacted. That no wool, or any Wool, etc. other the aforefaid woollen or worfted articles, and which are

hereby prohibited from being exported, (hall be removed or car- fctt7ngand * ried towards the fea, within five miles of the fea coaft ofany part fun-riling, of,the kingdom of Great Britain, upon any pretence whatever, within five between fun-fetting and fun-rifing, upon pain of the fame being forfeited, together with the horfes, waggon, cart, or carriage, forfciteU etc. in and by which fuch wool, and other the faid woollen and worfted articles, (hall be fo conveying, for the benefit of the perfon or perfons feizing the lame; and the driver or drivers of ^ every fuch waggon, cart, or carriage, knowing thereof, and being thereof convicted, (hall be committed to the houfe of correction for the fpace of one month, there to remain without bail or mainprize.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That but not to nothing in the laft aforefaid daufe contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prevent or hinder any farmer or grower ^nd°carried of wool from removing or carrying, at any time after fun-fetting, after fun* fuch wool as (hall have been (horn that day, from the place or fetting, the places of (hearing the fame to the dwelling houfe or ftore

houfe of fuch farmer orgtower, although fuch removal (hall be houfcs! towards the fea, and within five miles of the coaft thereof.

XXVII.	Rrovided always, and be it enabled, That nothing Worfredyarn, herein contained lhall prevent or hinder any perfon or perfons not exceeding

' from carrying and conveying, at any time, any parcels of wool-len or worfted yarn twifted, of two or more threads, and manu- inay^carmd factored and prepared for knitting, fo as each parcel be bona fide toretaillhopi,

G g 3	directed	etc.

Digitized by Google

wool, etc. is to be packed.

Penalty for drgloft.

direfted to, and carrying for and to the reftdence or (hop of fame retailer or retailers pf fuch woollen or worfted yarn, and fa ar there be not more than fourteen pounds weight directed to and* carrying for any one perfon at the fame time, and fa as fucti parcel be marked according to the direftions of the aft or afts of parliament requiring the marking thereof.

XXVIII.	And be it farther enafted' by the authority afortr faid, TThat no wool, woolfels, mortlings, fhortlings, wool-flocks, worked bay, or woollen yarn, (hall be packed up in any other package otherwife than packs or trufTes of leather or caiv-' vafs, commonly called pack cloths, or in linen or woollen; and that all fuch padks or trufles of leather, canvafs, linen, or woollen, (hall be ftamped or marked on the outfide thereof with the word JVooly in large characters, not lefs than three inches in length, on forfeiture of all fuch wool, or other the aforefetf articles, to the perfon or perfons feizing the fame, and alfo upon forfeiture, by the perfon or perfons to whom fuch wool or other aforefaid articles fball belortgiofany fumor fums of money, not exceeding one (hilling for emy 'pound weight of fuch wool, or other the aforefaid articles fo feized, to the perfon or perfons fcizing the fame, as (lie court or juftices before whom fuch woo), of other the aforefaid articles, (hall be condemned, (ball direft:

W°hlfd ?ld Prov^c<* always. That nothing herein contained (hall extend to maybe pac e prcvent any perfon from packing or putting any worded or woollen yarn in paper, fo that fuch paper is fairly direfted to the perfon or perfons to whom the fame Is intended to be fent, and the word Worfted or Yarn, as the cafe may be, wrote or marked thereon, in letters not lefs than one inch in length, and that the quantity in any one fuch paper contained do no exceed fourteen pounds in weight.

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the juftices before whom any complaint or information refpeft-itjg the word Wool not being ftamped or marked on the outfide

packagr7tobe of the park age of fuch laft enumerated articles, according to^ he returned, but direftions or this aft, (hall be made, (hall and may, and they not to mid- are hereby empowered, if they (hall fo think fit, tp order and direft the wool, and other the faid* herein-before enumerated articles which (hall havebeenfeifced, to be returned toanddelive/pd up to the owner or owners thereof; but that in every fuch cafe the forfeiture or penalty incurred Jay fuch offence (hall not be mitigated or reduced below fixpence for every pound weight of fuch wool, or articles fo feized.

h ^XXX. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid* Wool,5cc not r a^ anc^ every perfon and perfons who (hall pack any wooh, packed ac* * nr tih -r the aforefaid woollen or worfted articles, in any box, afttoSfar-1 bvryjL	cafe,	clieft,	or	any	other	package,	otherwife than

feiicd. and js. acjordrte to the directions herein-before contained, or who (hall •for every lb. pre& .toge^er, orcaufe or procure to be preffed together, with any fcYjws£. vnreffes, or other engine, any wool whatfoever, or any yarn miflfe of wool, or other the woollen or worfted articles by this act prpjui'ited from being expqrfcd, Into any pack, trufs,

■*	S	(	U	.	or

in paper,if marked, etc.

Juftice* may. order wool, etc. undamped on the

Se the pe iy below per lb.

weight.;

Digitized by

Google

t ?89.] Anno vicefimo o&avo Georoii III. c. 3?.	445

of other wrapper, or put, prefs, pack, or (lean the fame, or can/e to be put, prefled, packed, or (leaned, into any burr, pipe, hog (head, chert, or other cafk or veflcl, upon any pretence whatfoever, (hall forfeit all fuch wool, or other aforefaid woollen or worded articles, with the package thereof, and three (hiUings for every pound weight of wool, or other fuch woollen or worded articles, fo put, prefled, packed, or (leaned, the whole of which penalties (hall go and be paid, by the owner or packer of fuch wool, or other the aforefaid woollen or worded articles, to the perfon or perfons who (hall feizc the fame, or foe for fuch forfeiture.

XXXI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That if any perfon or perfons (halt prefs together, or caufe or Perfons pack-procure to be prefled together, with any ferews, preffes, or »ng wool, etc. other etigine, any wool, or other the woollen or worded articles hereby prohibited from being exported, into any trufs, fack, pack, bag, or other wrapper, or (hall put, prefs, pack, or dean m, tobe liable the fame, or caufe or procure to be put, prefled, packed, or to the fame rteaned into any butt, pipe, hogfhead, chert, or any other cafk penalties a» or vcUel, upon any pretence whatfoever, contrary to the true in- cr8° tent and meaning of this adl, every perfon* or perfons fo offending, and all perfon and perfons aiding and a flirting in fuch packing, (hall, over and above the penalties and forfeitures before-mentioned, be fubjedl and liable to the fame pains and penalties as are herein-before directed to be inflidled upon exporters of wool; and the court and jurtices by and before whom fuch perfon or perfons thall be tried and convi<5ted, (hall and hereby have power and authority to punilh every fuch offender accordingly: provided always. That in cafe any perfon or perfons who may PerfVuvs aflift-have affifted in fuch illegal package (hall, before hit, her, or inginfuchil-their being apprehended for the fame, appear before any of his ]e**] package, Majefty's jurtices of the peace, and then and there make a true ^imn onhc difcovery of the mafter packer, and other the perfons concerned matter packer, in fuch illegal package, fo that he, (be, or they* may be profe- etc.;ormafter cuted toconvidlion, then the perfon or perfons giving fuch in- packer*, etc. formation (hall not be liabloto the pains and penalties aforefaid, tjJ^YinpUty-and, on the convidlion of fuch offender or offenders, (hall be era, to be erf-entitled to the wool, or. other the woollen or worded articles titled ta the fo packed : provided-always. That in cafe the mafter packer, or wool, any perfon or perfons affifting in fuch package, (hall, before any information (hall be taken againft him, her, or them therein, difeover to any juftice of the peace the name or names of the perfon or perfons by whom he, (he, or they was or were employed to pack or prefs tthe fame, fo that fuchperfon or perfons, by whom he, (he, or they, was or were employed, may be profecuted to conviflion for the fame, then fuclv mafter packer, or the peifon or perfons who (hall give fuch information, (haJV not be liable to the pains*and penalties aforefaid, and (halt be entitled to the wool, or other the woollen or worded articles fo font to be packed, and the perfon or perfons diredling*. fuch* wool, and the!em-or qth^r the aforefaid woollen or worfted article*,-fo to be*pack- ployers to be

G24	Iia>ie tothe

r- 0 T	penalties on\

Digitized by

Google

44 6

exporters of woqI.

Wharfingers to enter into bond not illegally to (hip wool, and

to' keep an account of wool, etc.

Penalty on re fufing to giyi bond, or to keep an account of wool, etc.

<ir for fuffer. jng it to be illegally (hipped.

Anno vicefioio o&avo Georgn III. c. 3*.

cd, (hall, on convidUon for the fame, be liable to and I fer the pains and penalties herein-before direded to bej pn exporters of wool.

XXXII. And whereas great quantities of wool are fn ing at the publick wharfs in different parts of Great Brn wool being under no controul of the commfftoners of the their officers, evil-difpofed perfoni may in the night time putt on board vejftls ready for feeding to foreign parts j and edfo 4 taftSy where wool is regularly entered to be put on beard viffiL coajlwaysy it is eafy to put on board fuch vffels in the \?sgbti larger number of packs of wool than have been duly enim that purpofey and which, by being concealed under fucb packs i been duly entered, cannot eafily be difcoveredf and which after the faid fhip has proceeded fome way on her intended 1 put on board other vejfels bound to foreign parts: for remedy f of, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That everyt and perfons who (hall keep any wharf for the reception < in or at any port in Great Britain (hall, within fix mot the palling of this ad, and every perfon and perfons < hereafter keep any fuch wharf (hall within one month 1 he, (he, or they (hall begin to keep the fame, enter intoi to the ufe ofthe King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, i penalty of two hundred pounds, and which (hall be dp with the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms at the j_ f oniony that no part of the wool which (hall be lodged! pofited with him, her, or them, (hall, with his, her, privity or cpnfent, be illegally put on board any Chip car 1 and fuch wharfinger (hall alfo keep a regular emry and 1 of the quantity of bags or cloths of wool by them received! livered, the time when, and the names and refidcncc oft fons from whom fuch wool was fo received, and to wh wool was fo delivered, with the marks and numbers 1 fheets, and weight of fuch wool, a copy of which be by him, her, or them delivered to the principal the cuftotps at 'he port at which fuch wharfinger (I at the end of every fix moqths, and oftener if the fame (

- required by fucli officer: and if any wharfinger (hall refuki • ter into fuch bond as aforefaid, within the faid refpedive.l he, (he, or they fo refuting, (hall forfeit and pay the fumf hundred pounds to the perfon or perfons who (hall (ucf fame; and in cafe fuch wharfinger (hall refufe to keeps liver fuch account, or (hall be convifted of keeping or < ing a falfc account, pvery fuch wharfinger (hall, for every! offence, forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds, to be j the perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame; and m if fuch wharfinger (hall at any time knowingly permit any fuch wool to be put on board any (hip or veffel, oth that) according to the directions in this a£t contained, then I wharfinger, and alfo all and every perlon and perfons wh»4 be aiding and affiftipg therein, (hall on convicfton be fufc$ed«i fiable to the pains and penalties herein-before enatfed \

(hall i

Digitized

:ed by Google

788.} Anno vicefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 38.	447

tie exporters of woo); and any perfon giving information, fo Informers to is abate fuch wharfinger, perfon and perfons, or any of them, I* entitled to nay be conviAed, every fuch informer (hall be entitled to the 40 * um of forty pounds, which fum (hall be paid to fuch informer >y the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms immediately after uctx ccraviAion.

JCXX1IU And be it further enaAed, That every perfon and Wharfingers perfons keeping a wharf at which any wool (hall be lodged or re- to giIctant ceiled (hall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby required, r officer within feven days next after he, (he, or they (hall receive any of the quan-wool at fuch wharf by land carriage, or by inland navigation, tityofwool to tranfmit or deliver a note in writing, figned by the owner of received, on fuch wharf, or his, her, or their agent, which (nail certify and pena tyofl° • acknowledge the quantity of wool fo received, and the number of fiieets in which the (amt is contained, to the cuftomer or comptroller at the port at which fuch wharf (hall be kept, in cafe there (hall hpppen to be at fuch port or place any fuch officer, and, for want thereof, to fuch other officer of the cuftoms.(if any) as (hall happen to be ftationed at fuch port or place, upon pain of forfeiting, for every negleA, the fum of ten pounds to any perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame.

XXXIV. Andy the better to prevent any fraudulent exportation of wool) woolfehy mortlingSy JhortlingSy combed wool% woolflocks, or waolien bay yam, worjled yarn, cruelty or wool Jlightly manufactured, end which are hereby prohibited from being exported, under the pretence of carrying the fame coaftwife in the kingdom of Great Britain 5 be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid, That no wool, Regulations or any other the laft before enumerated articles, and which are^or^'PPing hereby prohibited from being exported, (hall be pu* on board carried any (hip, veflel, or boat, to be carried coaftwife, or from one coaftwife/ port in Great Britain to another, unlefs notice be firft given to the commiffioners or chief managers of the cuftoms, or to the cuftomer, or colleAor and comptroller of the cuftoms at the port. from which the fame is intended to be fent, of the quantity, quality, and package, together with the marks, numbers, and weight thereof, with the name of the (hip, and mafter or commander, on board of which the faid goods are to be laden, together with the name or names of the owner or owners of the faid goods, and the place of his or their abode or habitation, and the place and port at which the fame are intended to be landed, and the names of the perfon or perfons to whom the fame are configned ; and alfo unlefs a bond be firft entered into to the ufe of the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, by two good and fufficient perfons, in treble the value of the faid goods fo intended to be carried coaftwife, that the fame-(bill (the danger of the feas excepted) be landed accordingly, which faid bond (hall be executed by the owner of owners of the faid goods, or fome perfon or perfons by him, her, or them appointed to execute the fame, and which execution (hall be deemed to be the a A of fuch owner or owners, or (hipper or (hippers thereof; which %id (hipper or (hippers, if aAing as agent, or having fold fuch

goods	j

Digitized by Google

448	Anno vicefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 38. [17MJ

goods to any perfon or peribns, (haU and may fue for and 1*4 cover, of and from the proprietor or proprietors of the goo4|

* fo (hipped, all fuch futn and fums of money as fuch (Upper* Ihippers (hall or may pay, expend, or be put unto withouttheifl wilful default or negligence, for or by reafon of his, her, ft their entering into fuch bond or bonds; and in cafe anyfeckj bond or bonds (hall be fo entered into for any wool, or any other the lad herein-before enumerated articles, being the property different perfons, then fuch owner or owners, or perfon or pen fons for whpfe account fuch bond was fo entered into, flkaD W accountable for his, her, or their (hare of the money fo expend ed, in proportion to the-amount of fuch goods fo (hipped; aol alfo unlefs a licence be firft taken out under the hands of (he commidioners or chief managers of thecuftoms for the timefac-ing, or any three of them, or from the cuftomer, or colleftor and comptroller of the cuftoms where any fuch bond is gjwa, for the lading, carrying, and landing thereof as aforefaid, which licence they are hereby required to grant without any fee or reward, or any other charge, to the perfon. demanding the fame, any law, ftatute, or ufage to the contrary in anywife notwitfc* If wool, etc. (landing; and if any wool, or other of the (aid laft-mentioned b?not (hipped g00ds> (hall be earned or laden on board any (hip, veffel, bar-coaftwtfe™ lom» or k°ar’ *n order to be carried coaftwife, or from one port to according to another, before fuch bond lhall be enteredinto, and (uch licence this aft, to taken out as aforefaid, and before all the dire&ions in this ad t-./orfeited made to prevent the exportation thereof ihail be fully and duly CTC " complied with, then all fuch wool, and other fuch laft-oienoon* cd articles, and which are hereby prohibited from being exported, or the value thereof, (hall be forfeited, together with (ho (hip, veffd, bottom, or boat, in which fuch goods (hall be fo laden or put on board, and all the guns, ammunition, tackle, apparel, and furniture, of or belonging to fuch (hip, vefleJ, bottom, or boat, for the benefit of the perfon or perfons firft informing thereof.

XXXV. And whereas in that part (/‘Great Britain tailed Scotland, there are a great many lochs or inlets of the fea, to and open which it may be unavoidably tiecejfary to carry wool, and other the foil enumerated articles, from one part of the coajl offuch lochs or inlets te another part of the coajls of the fame lochs or inlets, refpeftivtlj, « board boats or others vejfels; and that there are alfo, adjacent tube coajls of Scotland, a great many iflands from whence tvool, the produce of the faid ijlands, mufl neccjfarily be brought to the moin'mitf Scotland, or be carried from fuch mainland to the faid ijlands, bykoti Wool, etc. or other vejfels; be it therefore enadled, That the carrying, (hip-waybeearned ping, or landing of wool, and other the faid enumerated article*, 3 10 *ntent or purpofes aforefaid, only to or in fuch lochs or the lochs or inlets, or from fuch iflands to the mainland of Scotland, or from fro.oifUnJfcto.fuch mainland to fuch iflands,. (hall not be deemed or taken to the mainland, carrying, (hipping, or landing of wool, or other the faid in bco. an , arl;cies> for the purpofe of carrying the fame coaftwife; nor (hall the carrying, (hippipg, or landing of fuch* wool, or other- the

(aid

449

788.3	Anno vicefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 38.

id herein-before enumerated articles, to or in fuch lochs or ftcte, or from fuch Ulands to the mainland of Scotland, or from eh mainland to fuch iflands, for fuch intent or purpofcs as brefaid only, be fubjeft or liable to the reftridtions or regula-ons herein contained, refpe&ing the carrying, (hipping, anti ndtng of wool, and other the laid articles intended to be cared eoaftwife, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof 1 any wife notwithftanding: provided neverthelefs, that nothing but not to fin, eran contained (hall authorife the carrying fuch wool, or any (her the faid articles, to open fea, fave as aforefaid, but under tjonsotthis ich reftri&ions and regulations as are herein for that purpofe aft. mentioned and expreflfed.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-lidf 'That when any wool, woolfels, mortlings, (hording*, Cuftomer at ombed wool, ytoolflocks, woollen or bay yarn, worfted yarn, the port ot ruels, or wool (lightly manufactured, (hall be (hipped to be	pro

anried coaftwife under the authority of this a<ft, the cuftomer, per notice to n collector and comptroller of his Majefty’s cuftoms at the port the officer at from whence fuch goods (hall have been (hipped, (hall, imme- the port for diately on the clearance of fuch (hip at fuch port, tranfmit a no- ^cTahffiipped# rice in writing, felting forth the quantity, quality, and package to forfeit lol! of fuch wool, or other the faid laft-mentioned articles, together with the marks and numbers thereof, with the name of the (hip m which the fame (hall be (hipped, and of the matter or commander thereof, to the cuftomer or collector and comptroller of the bort to which fuch wool, and other the faid laft-mentioned artides, are intended to be conveyed, under the penalty of ten pounds, to be paid by the officer negle&ing to tranfmit fuch notice, which faid penalty (hall be paid to the perfon who (hall	.

inform agatnft fuch officer; and that the bonds herein-before onffifpoing' directed to be entered into on the (hipping of the faid wool, and wool,&c. to other the faid laft-mentioned articles, (hall not be difchargqd until be difeharged a certificate, under the hand and feal of the cuftomer, or collector by a ccrtifi-and comptroller of the port or place in Great Britain where the ^ffice^r at\he fame were landed, exprefling the quantity, quality, and pack- port of land-age, marks, numbers, name of the (hip and matter, out pflng; which fuch wool, and other the faid laft mentioned articles, were fended, (hall be produced to and left with the perfon or perfons in whofe polTeflion fuch bond (hall be kept, at the cuftom-houfe of the port from whence the faid wool, and other the faid laft mentioned articles, were (hipped, ind which certificate the faid which he is to cuftomer, or colletftor and comptroller of the faid port at which office^at the* fuch wool, and other the faid laft mentioned articles, (hall be port of (hip-landed, is hereby requirod to tranfmit to the cuftomer, collector, ping within 7 and comptroller at the port from whence the fame were (hipped, ^X8* °? within the fpace of feven days next after the landing thereof, nd ty 0 IO * under the penalty of ten pounds, to be paid by the officer neg-lefting to tranfmit fuch certificate to the perfon or perfons who (hall inform againft fuch officer ; and the laid cuftomer, or col- Certificate of ledlor and comptroller at the port at which fuch wool, or other the faid laft mentioned articles, (hall be landed, (hall alio grant rerofthevef-

and fel,

Digitized by

45°

Notice of wool not landed in a reafonable time to be fent to the officer at the port of (hip-•ptng, wty> to enquire how it has

Anno vlcefimo o&avo Gkoroii IIL' a 38. [i^t

and deliver another certificate of fuch landing to the commanders of the (hip or veflel from which the fame fealF|| Bonds notdif- landed, without fee or reward, when the fame (hall be reqiMM charged in fix e(j • and that all fuch bonds as (hall remain undifeharged by Ml fent to* he ** certi<icatc f°r *Pace °f calendar months, (hall be tOMj^l commiflion- mitted to the commiflioners of the cuftoms at £*»/**, who ersofeuftoros. hereby required to put them in fuit immediately; and

wool, or other the faid articles mentioned in fuch notices, ~ not be landed at the port to which the fame were configned in a reafonable time for that purpofe, then the cuftomer, c ledtor and comptroller at the port to which the fame wt cenfed to be fent, (hall tranfmit a notice thereof to the cuftdtgfifc or collector and comptroller at the port from whence ftich wtiW or other articles were (hipped, in order that proper enquiry ngjht be immediately made in what manner the fame have bem pofed of or delivered, and which enquiry the faid cuftomer, ^ been difpofed collector and comptrqller, is and are hereby required Co of.	without delay.

XXXVII.	And be it further enadted by the authority Wool, etc. faid, That no wool or any other the faid hereinbefore ec ^Ptt"rParts rated woollen or worfted articles, fullers earth, fulling clay, fra°tobe for- ^bacco- pipe clay, (hall be put on board any (hip, veflel, or b feited,andthe bound to parts beyond the feas, on any pretence whadoOTcr, vcflcla. der the penalty of forteiture, for the benefit of the perfon or Tons who (hall inform thereof, of all fuch goods, and al fuch (hip, veflel, bottom, or boat, on which fuch goods be fo laden or put on board, and all the guns, ammunttkflb tackle, apparel, and furniture belonging to fuch (hip, veftL Matters to be bottom, or boat, and moreover the mafter or commander of fiscal fubjra to the^ ftjjp or veflel, bottom, or boat, (hall in fuch cafe be deemed A# ccpt they dif- exporter thereof, and (hall be iubjedt and liable to the paiotattfl.

penalties in fuch cafe made and provided, unlefs fuch mafter or commander (hall and do, immediately upon his being appro* hended, difeover and make known the perfon or perfboa who adlually (hipped fuch goods, and enter into a recognizance witk two fufficient fureties, before fome juftice of the peace for the county, city, borough, or place, in or at which fuchlaft men* tioned goods (hall be difeovered, to profecute and give evidence againft fuch (hipper, fo that he may be convi&ed thereof.

XXX VIII. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That urr? "clear* noth‘nS *n t^lc a^ove exception contained (hall extend to the ed ou^to fo- matters or commanders of (hips or veflels not regularly deared reign Darts,	out to,foreign parts, but that if any wool or other the faid Ia&

as well as all mentioned goods, (hall be difeovered on board any fuch fhipor

r^in-Pdivy vefre1’ and whcrc

no fuch clearance can be exhibited, then and traUatf inn* m ^uctl ca^e r*ie ma^er or commander of fuch (hip or veflel ftudl to be liable’to be deemed the (hipper of fuch goods, and fuch mafter or com** the fame	mander, and alfo all and every perfon and perfons on board any

penalties as	fuc|1	or veflel, knowing of any fuch illicit tranfadiion, Thall

be liable tct the pains and penalties herein-before enabled againft the exporters of wool: provided alfo, That in calc any perfon

or

Google

cept they cover the (bippers.

Matters of

exporters of wool.

Digitized by s

Anno vktfimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 38*	451

flk on bo«rd any (hip not regularly cleared out to foreign ^Hker than the mafter or commander thereof, (hall, im-Mfen bis or their being apprehended, give information, Informers to srMptfe mafter or commander may be convidted, or the (hip be iatitled to i^EPftndemned, every fuch perfon and perfons fo informing 4Pi*

Mbe liable to any pains or .penalties to which he or they ~jPfcerwife be liable, and (hall alfo be entitled to a reward ^ft^bends, which reward (hall be paid to fuch informer or the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms imme-aftcr fuch convi<5Uon.

XIX.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That Matter of vef-g in this act contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to t'els or driver* to prevent evidence from being received, in any fuit or hearts, etc. nation brought for the forfeiture of any veffel bound epaft- f^m Smiilh--or to foreign parts, which (hall have been regularly clear- ment,if it is ’t, and alfo the guns, ammunition,-tackle, apparel, and proved from jre thereto belonging, for or on account of any wool, or thefmallnck her the faid herein-before enumerated articles, and which thither reby prohibited from being exported, which (hall be found were not privy covered on board any fuch veffel fo regularly cleared out, to wool, etc.

the forfeitue of any other (hip or veflel, other than fuch as *>c^5 in tlKrir xnot have been regularly cleared out, or for the forfeiture of vc c ctc“ iggon, cart, carriage, horfes, or other bead of burthen,

■nor whereupon any wool, or any other the faid herein* e enumerated articles, (hall belaid, or which (hall be carry*

- conveying the fame, or in any profecution which (hall be ht againft the mafter or commander of fuch veffel, owner iver of fuch waggon, cart, carriage, horfe, or other beaft rthen, in order to (hew, from the fmallnefs of the quantity c faid wool, or other the faid articles, that the fame were :>ard fuch veflel, or within fuch waggon, cart, or carriage, on fuch horfe or beaft of burthen, without the knowledge nvity of the owner^ or of the mafter or ocher perfon hav-he charge or command of fuch veffel, or the care of fuch on, cart, carriage, horfe, or other beaft of burthen, and out any wilful neglect, or want ofreafonable care in thedif-„ c of the duty of fuch owner, mafter, or other perfon hav-ae charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, or the care of waggon, cart, carriage, horfe, or other beaft of burthen; in every fuch cafe where proof (hall be made, from the fmall-of the quantity of wool, or other the faid articles, and other mftances, that fuch fmall quantity was on board fuch vef-or within fuch waggon, cart, or carriage, or upon fuch . or beaft of burthen, without the knowledge, privity, or •nt either of the owner, or the mafter, or other perfon hav-?he charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, or the care of waggon, cart, carriage, horfe, or other beaft of burthen, without any wilful neglect, or want of reafonable care, er in the owner, or in the mafter or other perfon having the Igr or command of fuch (hip or veffel, or the care of fuch gpo* cart, carriage, horfe, or other beaft of burthen, iben,

Mri	and

Digitized byXjOCK^lC

45 2

but the wool, etc. to be forfeited.

Port officer to keep a regif-ter of allwool, etc fentcoaft-wife, and to fend a copy half yearly to the commif. tionera of cuftoms.

The regitter at tbe cuftom houfe in London to be infpe&ed for m. and a copy of it tranf-mitted annually to every cuftom houfe.

If wool fhipt to be carried coaftwife be unpacked,tbe mailer of the veflel to forfeit 408. for .each bag.

Anno tffctefimo o&avo GeoRGII III. C. 38. [1

and in every fuch cafe, fuch owner, matter, or commandant crew, on board fuch (hip or yeffel, perfon or perfons, ~ be puniflied, nor (hall fuch (hip or veflel, ammunition, apparel, or furniture belonging thereto, or fuch wagged, or other carriage, horfe, or other beaft of burthen, be * for or on account of fuch fmall quantity of wool, or oti faid herein-before enumerated articles, having been found covered on board of fuch (hip or veflel, or within fuch cart, or other carriage, or upon fuch horfe or other burthen. *

XL. Provided always, and be it further enaSed by the rity aforefaid. That the wool, and other the faid herein-enumerated articles, hereby prohibited from being c; which (hall be found on board any fuch (hip or veflel* or fuch waggon, cart, or carriage, or upon fuch horfe or burthen, (hall be forfeited to the perfon or perfons who. find, difeover, and feize the fame.

XLI. And be it further enafted by the authority That a regitter of all wool, and other the articles before merated, and fent coaftwife, with the quantity, quality, package thereof, the name of the (hip and matter, the the (hipper or (hippers of fuch goods, and the name or of the perfon or perfons to whom the fame (hall be oonfiguad, and his or their place of abode, and alfo a regitter of the retan of the landing of the wool or other articles fo (hipped, (haDte kept by the cuftomer, or colledtor or comptroller at each part, and a copy thereof (hall be tranfmitted once in every (Utiariii to the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms at the pact of London, there to be regittered in a book to be kept at tbeeef* tom houfe, by fome perfon or perfons to be by the (aid commiflioners appointed tor that purpofe, and which regitter andrt-gifters (hall at all feafonable times be infpe&ed, on paymentot tlie fum of one (hilling by any perfon or perfons whomfoeve*, on application for that purpofe; and a printed copy of fuchie-gifter (hall, within fixty days next after the end of each year,be tranfmitted by the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms at the faid port of London to the refpeflive cuftom houfos within Ibis kingdom, and which faid copies fo tranfoiitted (hall be infpc&ri by any perfon, on payment of the like fee in manner afordaid, upon application for that purpofe.

XLIL And be it enatfed by the authority aforefaid. That no matter or commander of any (hip or veflel, who (haH (hip or load any wool to be carried eoaftwife, (hall, at any time, uqder any pretence whatfoever, unpack, or permit, or fuffer to bean-packed, any wool to him delivered, (except by or through sb-folute neceflity, of which neceflity fuch matter or commander (hall make oath in writing before one of his Majefty’s juflicesot the peace, on his arrival at the port to which fych wool (hall be consigned), upon pain of forfeiting, for every bag fo unpacked, the fum of forty (hillings to the owner or owners* proprietor* proprietors of luch wool.

u-	XLIII. M

<7*88•] Anno vkeflmo o&avd Georgii III. c. 38.	453

XL III. Andy for the better preventing offrauds in the collufive tending of any wool, or woollen or worjled yarn, or in the /hipping or tending any of the fcveral articles herein-before enumerated, carried toafhoife ; be it further enalled by the authority aforefaid, That Wool. etc. none of the faid articles carried coaftwife (hall be {hipped or carried coaft-knded, but in the prefence of the proper officers appointed to Jjjjjj^ attend the fame, nor at any other place or places than the law- landed in the lul quays let out in the manner prescribed by the alt of frauds prefence of an yzfled m the fourteenth year of King Charles the Second, for officer, and at England, Wales y and Berwick upon Tweedy and by the alt palled	Jf*

in the fixth year of the reign of her late majerty Queen Anney forfeiture of for fettling a court of exchequer in Scotland for that part of the the wool, and united kingdom, or at fuch other wharfs or places as the com- 3** for every smflioners of the cuftoms, or any three of them (and which they are hereby impowered to do) (hall from time to time, by writing under their hands, appoint for that purpofe (fuch appointment to continue in force until they (hall revoke the fame) without fpecial fufferance and leave had and obtained from the commif-(ioners or principal officers of the cuftoms, upon pain of forfeiting the faid wool, or other articles, or the value thereof, and three (hillings for every pound weight of fuch wool, or other articles, to be paid, by the perfon or perfons concerned in fuch unlawful (hipping or landing, to the perfon or perfons who (hall inform thereof.

XLIV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That all cocquets for carrying wool, or any other the aforefaid Cocquets and articles, from any port within the kingdom of Great Britainy or	*n

the iftes aforefaid, (hall be written on paper, and not parch- pap^rn. cn oa ment, and figned by three or more of the chief officers of fuch v 9 refpdtive ports, and all certificates of landing the fame again, in any other of the faid ports, (hall be written upon paper only, and figned in like manner; and that all fuch wool, and other the weight, the aforefaid articles, both at (hipping and landing, (hall be *0^°*** weighed in the prefence of the faid officers giving fuch cocquets p4ir«i iV** and certificates rcfpcHively, and that the exall weight, marks, them, and numbers, of fuch wool, and other the aforefaid articles, fo (hipped and landed, (hall be iikewife particularly exprefled in the faid cocquets and certificates refpellively, and written therein, without any obliteration, erafure, or interlineation what-foever.

XLV. And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid,

That afl and every perfon or perfons who by way of infurance, Perfonsinfur-orotherfcife, (hall undertake or agree that any (heep, wool, or ingthecon-any other of the articles herein-before enumerated, (hall be car-	to

ried or conveyed to any parts beyond the feas, from any port or foreign part*, place whatfoever within this kingdom, contrary to the true in- liable to the tent and meaning of this all, or in purfuance of fuch infurance, fame penalties undertaking, or agreement, (hall deliver, or caufe or procure ^wooT^and to be delivered, any (heep, wool, or any of the faid articles, in	’

any parts beyond the feas, fuch perfon or perfons, and all and every their aiders, abettors, and afliftants, (hall, upon his and

their

Digitized by

Google

perfons paying for fuch infurance, liable to the

the articles infured

Any perfon concerned in fuch infurance giving information to the com* mifttoners of the cuftoms, to have the

Anno viccfimo odtavo GeoRGII III. C. 38.	[17W5

their convdion, be liable to be punched in the fame mamN||B is herein-before dire&ed with refpeft to the exporters of woqt XLVI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforcfii|^ That all and every perfon and perfons whofoever, who (hillf^

Or agree to pay any fum or fums of money for the infusing, veying, or exporting any (heep, wool, or other the articles Hke*penalties, by prohibited from being exported, contrary to the true ii and to forfeit and meaning of this ad, (hall, upon his and their conv* be liable to be puni(hed in manner as herein-before directed* fpeding the exporters of (heep or wools and moreover, fm/k (heep, wool, or articles aforefaid, which (hall be fo infured, 4b|B become forfeited to the perfon or perfons who (hall foe for At fame.	,

XL VII. And be it further enaded by the authority afordsM, That in cafe the infurer, conveyor, or manager of or in fatfc fraud, or the perfon or perfons agreeing to infure, conven er manage therein, do and (hall, within the fpace of fix mond* after fuch tranfadion or agreement, firft give notice thereof It the commifftoners of the* cuftoms in Great Britain for the Ih being, fo as the perfon or perfons concerned with him, her, t^cm m fach offence be conyided thereof, he, (he, or they* fe ihcep!&c!orif 6rft making fuch difeovery, (hall not only be clearly acquitted the informant and difeharged of fuch offence, and from the pumthment to be infured, to which he, (he, or they is of are liable by reafon thereof, but t^premium a*^0 have, t0 his, her, or their own ufe, fuch (heep, wpoi, etc.	*	and other the articles herein enumerated, and which (hall be

infured, after the charges of profecution are dedudet), and (hall likewife retain and enjoy, to his, her, and their own ufe* she infurance money or reward given or paid to him, her, or them therein; and in cafe the party or parties infured (ball, within the like fpace of fix months, firft make difeovery thereof to tbe faid commifiioners of the cuftoms, fo as the perfon or perfons concerned with him, her, or them in fuch offence, (hallbecoa-vided thereof, he, (he, or they fo firft difeovering, (hall recover and receive back fuch infurance money or premium as he, (he, or they have or hath paid upon fuch infurance or agreement; and in cafe the faid infurance money or premium (hall not at tbe time of fuch difeovery be adually paid, then the perfon or per- ' fons fo firft difeovering is and are hereby faved harmlefs and indemnified from paying the fame, or any part thereof, and all and every the agreement or agreements entered into for paying fuch monies is and are hereby declared to be null and void, and the perfon and perfons fo firft difeovering (hall alfo be dearly acquitted and difeharged of and from the punifhment hereby direded to be infii&ed upon him, her, or them, and to which he, (he, or they would have been otherwife liable.

XLVIII. And whereat policies af infurance are commonly made m goods and merchandizes, as well as on Jbips and vejfels, wherein the infurer undertakes, in confederation of a premium given him by tbe af fund, to bear all the rifk and hazard of the voyage, and it is generally unknown to the infurers whit fort of goods and merchandizes are

laden

455

*788.] Anno vfcefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 38.

ladta on board any Jbip or vejfel; whereby it frequently may happen that infurances may be made on wool or woollen yarn, or other the articles hereby prohibited to be exported, to be carried from Great Britain to foreign parts, as well as on the Jbips or vejfels having #« board fucb wool\ woollen yarn, or other * articles: and whereas the diftouraging of all fuch infurances may be a means to prevent the Jrmgdulent exportation of futb wool, woollen and worjied yarn, end ether the /aid herein-before enumerated articles; be it therefore further enacted by the,authority aforefaid, That all policies of Policies of in-igfurance which (hall be made on goods and merchandizes voM^ifrnade laden or to be laden on any (hip or veflel bound from Great onVoolJetc? Britain to foreign parts, which (hall afterwards appear to be to foreign *• *iool, woollen or worded yarn, or any of the before enume- parts, rated articles hereby prohibited from being exported, (hall be deemed and taken to be null and void, notwithdanding any words or agreement whatfoever which (hall be inferted in any fuch policy of infurance, and nothing (hall be recovered by the allured from the infurer for lofs or damage, or for the premium which (hall have been given as the confidcration for in* faring fuch wool, woollen or worded yarn, or fuch other articles; any law, cudom, or ufage, to the contrary notwith-fta "•

. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

That it (hall be lawful for the madcr or commander, or any Comnwiderj, other commifiioned or deputed officer of any of his Majedy’s °* King’s (hips or (loops, in any port, creek, or road, or in the open tcffd8°andC Teas, within the limits of the dation which (hall be affigned fcizc fuch as to any fuch (hips or Hoops, and he is hereby required to enter bavefoeep, and (earch, or caufe to be entered and fearched, any (hip, vef- ct.c*on *>°zrd fel, or boat, and if upon fuch fearch any fheep, wool, or any *QC°ut a l~ other of the faid articles hereby prohibited from being exported, (hall be found therein, and the mader or commander of fuch (hip, veflel, or boat, (hall not immediately produce to the commander of fuch (hip or Hoop a lawful cocquet or warrant, licenfing fuch articles to be carried coaftwife, or to the faid ifles, or fame of them, fuch commander is hereby dire<d-ed to take and feize fuch (hip, veflel, or beat, and to carry the fame, together with the crew and cargo thereof, into fome port in Great Britain, and there deliver the fame into the cufto-dy of the collector and comptroller of fuch port.

L. And be it further cnatfed by the authority aforefcid.

That all the wool, and other the faid articles hereby prohibit- Wool, etc. ed from being exported, found on board any (hip, veflel, or boat, contrary to the intent and meaning of this a<5f, and which are hereby declared to be forfeited, and which (hall have warehoufe8 been fo feized by any of his Majedy’s (hips or (loops, (hall be till condemn-lodged in the King’s warehoufe in fuch port where the famecc*i (hall be taken or feized, or into which the dune (hall be brought, until condemned according to law, and being fo con- wool, etc.

.	^ t ^	»	1	/•	■	•	«	^	11	■	r	1	snil	te%

, detuned,, fucli wool and other fuch articles (hall be expofed	to

publick.lv to (ale, after fixty days publick notice being given in 1	’

Vol.‘XXXVI.

H h

writing

Digitized by.

Google

Anno vicefimo o&avo Georgii 111. c. 38. [178?*

writing at the cuftorti houfe of the faid port, and on the Rfjfl Exchange of London, by inch of candle, to the laft and beft bU» der *, and all (hips, veffels, or boats, that (hall be fo fazeJ^ and which arc hereby declared to be forfeited, and which (bdl be condemned as aforefaid, (hall, together with all their gopt^ tackle, furniture, and apparel, be expofed to fale in like mzqp and the pro- ner, and the produce of the wool, or fuch aforelaid articles^ dace divided (hips, veffels, or boats, fo fold as aforefaid, after dedujtfqg mentioned. cxPences an<* charges of the profecution and condemnation (hall be divided in manner following, (that is to fay); 00^ thiftd part thereof to the commander or commanders, Mp third part to the officers of the (hip or (hips, (loop or Hoops* that took the fame, and the remaining third part to the QMfir f	ners belonging to fuch (hip or (hips, (loop or Hoops, to bt

equally divided and paid amongft the faid mariners, by tfii , colleflors of the faid port, or (uch perfon or perfons as (Ml be authorifed to pay the fame; and t^iat if fuclr feizore Hal be made upon the information of any perfon or perfons Ml being a mariner on board any fuch (hip or Hoop fo appointed** cruife, fuch informer or informers (hall not only be indemnified from the pains, penalties, and forfeitures, to which exporten of the faid prohibited articles, their aiders and abettors, are liable, but (hall alfo receive one third part of the produce of fiich fale or Tales, after deducting the expences attending the lam^ and the refidue thereof (hall be divided and diftributed in manner as is before direfled.

LI. And be it further enafled by the authority aforefirid. Penalty on That every commander of fuch (hip or (loop neglefling his Cf n»™andcr8 duty by this afl required, (hall lofe and forfeit all pay and )eAing\hc»r waScs due to him or them, and fuffer fix months impflrUoa-duty.	ment, and be for ever incapable of ferving his Majefty in aoy

Informers of office in the navy, cuftoms, excife, nr fait duties ; and that any fuch ne^lefl perfon or perfons giving information againft any fuch com-to be paid 40I. mander for neglecting his duty (hall, on the conviflion of fuch offender or offenders, be entitled to receive and have the (bo - of forty pounds, to be paid to fuch informer immediately after fuch conviflion, by the commiffioners of the cuftoms, excife, or fait duties, or other his Majefty’s revenue as herein-after mentioned, with refpefl to forfeitures incurred by perfons unable $0 pay the fame.

LI I. Provided always, and be it further enafled by the an-No perfon, thority aforefaid, That in order to prevent collufive feiznra fice^oHhe^ anc* agreements> a°d fraudulent practices, whereby the penal-cuftoms, etc. ^es and forfeitures inflifled by this afl may be evaded, it (hall tofeize theep, not be lawful for any perfon or perfons, except an officer of etc. without a his Majefty’s cuftoms, excife, or fait duties, who (hall have con (table. caufe to fulpefl that any (heep, wool, or any of the before enumerated articles,'and which are hereby prohibited from being exported, is or are carrying or conveying, contrary to the directions and true intent and meaning of this afl, to pxamine or feize fuch (heep, wool, and other the faid enumerated articles,

3788.J Anno yidcHma odtavo Georgii III. c. 38.

cks» other than together and in company with a conftabie, or other officer of the peace, who are hereby required* on application being made to him or them, immediately to attend the perfon or perfons applying for fuch alliftance; any thing here-in* before contained to the contrary thereof in‘any wife not-wlthftanding.

Lilli. And be it further enadled, That if any conftabie or other officer of the peace, of if any officer of his Majefty’s cuf-toms, excife, or fait duties, upon application being made to him for that purpofe, (hall neglcdf or refufe to attend any period or perfons who (hall make fuch application, or (hall neg-le& his duty in the premifes, every fuch conftabie, or other officer of the peace, and officer of his majefty’s cuftoms, excife, or fait duties, (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch offence the fum of twenty pounds, one moiety whereof, when recovered* and after deducing the cofts and charges of recovering the lame, (hall go to the perfon or perfons fuing for the fame, and the other moiety thereof to the ufe of the poor of the parilh of place where the offence (hall have been committed : provided always. That nothing in this adt contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to take away the power hereby given to the commanders and officers of his Majefty Vlhips of war, or armed (loops, to take and feize any (hip, veffel, or boat, having therein any fheep, wool, or other the faid enumerated articles, the matter or commander whereof (hall not produce any fuch cocquet or warrant as aforefaid.

LIV. And, to prevent any difpute relating to tie authority of any perfon or perfons cuing as an officer or as officers of the cuftoms, excife, er fait duties in this kingdom, for putting in execution this aft, be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That every per-ibn who, by deputation, commiflion, or other inftrumenr, under the hands and feals of the commiffioners of the cuftoms, exetfe, or fait duties in this kingdom, or the ides aforefaid re-fpe&ively, (hall be appointed to a<5t as an officer or fervant under them for putting this adt in execution, (hall be efteemed an officer of the cuftoms, excife, or fait duties refpedhvely, to all intents and purpofes whatsoever.

LV. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That if any officer of the revenue, or other perfon or perfons (hall, diredtly or indiredlty, make any collufive feizure or information of any of the faid articles hereby prohibited from being exported, or any fraudulent or collufive agreement whatio-foever, whereby the owner or claimer thereof, their agents or Servants, or any offender ,or offenders againft this adl, may avoid the forfeitures, punilhments, and penalties, or any part thereof, incurred or inflidted by this adt, he, (he, and they (hall, upon convidlion, be fubjedt to the like penalties as are herein before diredted to be incurred by the exporters of wool 5 and every fuch information and feizure, and all the proceedings thereupon had, (hall be and are hereby declared to be for the benefit only of the perfon or perfons (not being an accomplice H h 2	or

Digitized by VjOOQLC .

457

Cohftables, etc. neglecting their duty to forfeit 20I.

frothing in this adt to take away the power given to commanders of Kinv’s (hips to feize vcflcla, &c.

All perions adtirig under the authority of the com-miffioners of cuftoms, &c. to ^e deemed their officers.

Perfons mak-mg collufive Seizures, See. to be fubjedfc to the like penalties as exporters of wool.

and the Seizures, See. to be to the perfon difeover-

458	Anno	vicefimo	oCtavo Georgii III. c. 38.	[1788*

in? the collu- or accomplices) who (hall firft difcover fuch collufivc irifonm-fion*	tion and feizurc: provided neverthelefs, That any perfon wlwfr.

Any perfon f0CVer, concerned in any fuch collufivc or fraudulent feizntv fi?ch?oUu-,n agreement, who (hall firft difcover fuch his offence to the cM» lion, making miffioners of the cuftoms for the time being, fhall be cieaifc the firft difeo- acquitted and di Charged thereof, provided he makes foch very thereof, covery within the fpace of three months after the offence 4ba| ted C acquit have been committed, and fo as any one or more of his and if not a complices therein be convifled thereof; and if fuch perfoo HA revenue offi- making fuch difeovery as aforefaid, within the time aforefiM, err or owner be not an officer of his Majefty’s revenue, or owner of tlfc of the goods, goods, he or (he fhall, as a further encouragement for mafchiE to have 40. |UCh difeovery, have and receive, to his and her own ofeaM benefit, the fum of forty pounds, the fame to be paid by A* commiffioners of the cuftoms on the conviction or convictions

Perfon9 op-

thi* aft to be tranfported.

of fuch offender or offenders.

LVI. And) for the more tjfcfiual putting this aft in executim^ be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That if nay one hi the ex- Per^on or perfons whofoever, putting this a& in execution, ecution of (hall be hindered, oppofed, obftrufted, tnolefted, wounded, or beaten, in feizing or attempting to feize any fheep, wool, wool-fels, woolflocks, mortlings, fhortlings, or any other fpeciet of goods before enumerated, by any perfon or perfons whomfe-ever, either in the day or night, by land or water, 0M1 were intended to be exported, or which were carrying onboard any (hip or veffel contrary to this act, the perfon or periods who fhall fo hinder, oppofc, obftruCt, moleft, wound, or beat, any fuch perfon or perfons in the making, or attempting to make, fuch feizures as aforefaid, and alfo all and every othef perfoo tor perfons whatfoever, being armed with offenfivc arms or weapons,' or wearing any vizard, mafk, or other difguife, who fhall refeue, 'or attempt to refeue, any fheep, wool, or other the goods aforefaid, which fhall have been feized according to the directions of this aCt, every fuch perfon or perfons that fhall be convicted of any of the faid offences fhall, by order of the court before whom fuel; offender or offenders fhall be convicted, be tranfported to fome place beyond the Teas for fuch term . as fuch court fhall think fit, not exceeding feven years 5 and if any fuch offender or offenders fhall return into Great Britain before the expiration of the time for which he, (he, or they fhall be fo tranfported, contrary to the intent and meaning hereof, he, fhe, or they, fo returning, and being duly convicted thereof, fhall fuffer as felons, and have execution awarded againft them* as perfons attainted of felony, without benefit of clergy.

LVI I. And be it further enaCled by the authority afbrebid, Perfons offer- That if any perfon or perfons whofoever fhall offer or promife Ing bribes to to give any bribe, or recompence or reward whatfoever, to any evafiorTof This °®cer or 'officers of the cuftoms, extife, or fait duties, or to aft to forfeit anY P^fon or perfons whomsoever, to connive at, or permit jool.	the exportation or the concealment of any fheep, wool, or

other

459

%7*5-3 Anno vicefimo o£Uro Geoegii III. c. 3$. other the articles hereby prohibited from being exported, or ffcc removing thereof, contrary to this a<ft, or to conceal or WDoive at any other a<5> whereby any of the proviftons hereby Qtode may be evaded or broken, every fuch perfon or perfons io offending (hall, for every fuch offence (whether the fame of-propofai, or promife, be accepted or performed or not), ibffeit and pay the fum of three hundred pounds, to be recovered and applied ro the ufe of him, her, or them, who (hall 3a£arm or fue for the fame, by adUon of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeJl-mfJf/ter* wherein no efloin, protection, or wager of law, or more t&in one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

"That every officer of his Majefty’s excife, cufloms, or fait du- Officers of the ncglcaing the fluty by this aft required, or compounding neg 1 rifling fqr any (nip, veflel, (heep, wool, or other the articles herein* their duty, to before mentioned, and which are by this aft direded to be for- fuflfer the fame felted, (hall be deemed aiders and abettors in the exportation punilhmentas of (heep, wool, and other the articles aforefaid, which are here* ^,x^tersot by prohibited from being exported, and fuffer the punifhment herein enafted againft the exporters thereof.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That all bonds taken, or to be taken, in Bonds not to purfuance of this aft, (hall not be chargeable with any of the be chargeable duties upon (tamped vellum, parchment, or paper, any law duties.31”1* or ftacute made, or to be made, to the contrary notwith-Handing.

LX. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That in all queitions, profecutions, fuits, and informations, In all profe-which (ball happen to arife or be commenced, brought, fued, cutiof.r”' ,*!e or profecuted, between or againft any p£rfon or perfonsior any upon the 'de-thing done or committed, or neglefted to have been done, fondant, contrary to the directions, true intent, and meaning of this aft, touching or concerning the (heep, wool, or other articles hereby prohibited from being exported, it (hall not be neceflary for the profecutor, or perfon or perfons commencing, bringing, or profecuting any fuch fuit, indiftment, or information, nor (hall he, (he, or they, be obliged or required, upon any hearing or trial thereof, to prove that fuch (heep was or were of the breed of this kingdom, or that fuch wool was of the growth of this kingdom, but that without any fuch proof, upon every fuch hearing and trial, it (hall be held, deemed, and taken, that fuch (heep was or were of the breed of this kingdom, and fuch wool of the growth of this kingdom, unlefs the contrary (hall be proved by or on the part of the perfon or perfons who (hall happen to be defendant or defendants in or upon any fuch hearing or trial, any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXI. And be it cnafted by the authority aforefaid. That Profecutions all aftions, fuits, profecutions, and information^, to be had m*y be com-jnd toomienced upon this, or upon the fqid recited aft of the couno{n"y

h 3	nimh	•



Digitized by kjOOQle

nunftcr, etc.

460	Anno	vicefimo	ottavo	GeoROII	III.	c.	3$.	[ 178!.

cord at Weft- mnth and tenth year of his late majefty King William the n. — Third, for or in refpedt of any offence or offences done committed againft this or the faid recited a<ft, or for or in retpeft of any penalty or forfeiture in or by the faid a£ts, or either dF them, impofed or infli&ed, (hall and may be entered and'ptffr-fecuted (except where it is in this a& otherwife directed) inwkf of his Majefty’s courts of record at WeJ1minftery or in the courtt of exchequer in Scotland, or in any court of oyer and termmerg great feffion, or gaol delivery, or at, the quarter feffions of tM peace, or before any two juftices of the Reacts for any coomj^ city, or place in this kingdom, in a fummary way, at tbe etoc* tion of the feizer or informer, wherein no efloth, protedtida* or wager of law, (hall be allowed, or any moire than one imparlance.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enadtedby the afr> thorify aforefaid. That no profecution or information (haH be had, commenced, brought, or proceeded upon, before ^nVfiTmmary two fuch juftices of the peace in a fummary way, where the fa* way for more zure, penalty, or forfeiture then claimed (hall exceed, in tlfe than aool. whole, the fum of two hundred pounds.

LX11I. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Joftices to or- That the faid juftices who (hall beaflembled at any fuch gen$» tobepuwfck- ra* cluarter ^c®ons of the peace, and alio fuch aforefaid two

No Profecution to be proceeded upon

epu ly fold, and penalties to be levied by diftrefs.

How penalties are to be applied.'

juftices, (hall, and they are hereby impowered and required to order and direct all fuch (hips, vefiels, goods, carriage*, and cattle, as (hall be by them declared to be forfeited, and which (hall have been feized by virtue of this or the faid recited to be publickly fold to the higheft bidder, at fuch time and place as they (hall think proper and diredt; and a Ho, by their order or warrant, to levy all and every the penalties and for-feiturerwhich (hall have been incurred by any offender or offenders againft this or the faid recited a&, and aKb all fuch cofts as (hall have been awarded upon any appeal touching the fame, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of fuch of* fender or offenders, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner and owners of fuch goods and chattels, after dedudlin^ the reafonable charges of fuch diftrefs and fale.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That one clear moiety of the refpeftive feizures, penalties, and forfeitures (except the penalties of the bonds) bythis adt dire&ed lobe inflidted upon offenders againft the fame (except fuch as are by this adt otherwife diredled and applied) (hall when recovered be paid and applied to fuch perfon or perfons who (hall give fuch information to any officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms, cxcife,* or fait duties, as may be the means of recovering the fame; and that after deducing the expcnces of recovering fuch penalties, the remainder of the other moiety (hall be paid to the officer or officers affifting in making any fuch feizures; but that in cafe any officer or officers of his’ Majefty’s cuftoms, excife, or fait duties, (hall make any of the feizures hereinbefore directed without information, then, after deducting the 1	1	   ‘	cxpences

Digitized by

Google

*788-3 Anno vicefimo oltavo Georgii III. c. 38.	461

cxpences of recovery as aforeiaid, the remainder of fuch produce (hall be paid to the officer or officers feizing the fame.

LXV. And be it further enalted by the authority afore-fiid,' That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any officer or Perfons ex-officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms, excife, or fait duties, confta- porting fhccp, bits, and other officer or officers of the peace, and for all per- ^edbefore*!* ions affing in their or any of their aid or afiiftance, to flop, juftice, who arrcft, and detain all and every the perfon and perfons who may commit (hall be found actually exporting or attempting to export, any them to gaol, (beep, wool, or any other the faid herein-before enumerated &c* articles, or who (hall be aiding, abetting, or affixing in the exporting, or attempting to export the fame, or any of them, and him, her, and them, to carry and convey before one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace near to the place where the offence (hall be committed or done, and the juftice or juftices (hall, if he or they fee caufe, commit the perfon or per-tons fo brought before him or them to the county gaol or houfe of correltion until the next general quarter feffions of the peace to be holden for the fame county, riding, divifion, or place, there to be tried and dealt with as by this alt is directed ; and the juftices at fuch feffions are hereby authorifed and required to examine, hear, try, and determine all and every fuch offence and offences, and, upon conviltion of the offender or offenders, to punifh him, her, or them in manner herein-before mentioned.

LXVI. And be it further enalted, That the officer or offi- Perfonscon-cers, perfon or perfons who (hall convey any offender arrefted veying offen-by the authority of this alt before any juftice of the peace as aforefaid (hall, in cafe fuch offender (hall be committed to pri- enter'into re-fon as aforefaid, enter into recognizance to his faid Majefty, cognizances his heirs and fucceffors, before fuch juftice, in the futn of to profccute. forty pounds, conditioned to appear at fuch general quarter feffions of the peace, and to profecute the perfon or perfons fo committed.

LXVII. And be it further enalted. That if it (hall appear Where goods to the- fatisfaltion of the juftices before whom any offender or infiiffici* offenders fhall be convilted of any of the offences herein-be- en^°.^nfwet^ fore mentioned, for which only a pecuniary penalty is hereby impofed, either by the confelfion of the party convilted, or by offender may the teftitnony of a credible witnefc, that fuch offender or offen- be commit* ders have not nor hath goods or chattels fufficient to anfwer ted* the penalty or penalties againft him, her, or them recovered, then without giving any warrant for the purpofe, or if fuch penalty or. penalties cannot be wholly levied by virtue of the warrant or warrants which (hall be for that purpofe iffued, the juftices who (hall have convilted fuch offender or offenders, or any other two juftices of the fame county, divifion, borough,' town or place, upon proof thereof, (hall and lawfully may commit every fuch offender or offenders to the common gaol or houfe of correllion of the county or place in or for which fuch juftjee pr juftices fh all then ad, there to remain, without bail

h 4	9f

Digitized by v^ooQle

462	Anno	vicefimo	oftavo Georgii IH. c. 38. f ij9fkr

or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, unlefs the whole of fitch penalty or penalties (ball btf fooner paid*

Juftices may LXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That’ accept fccuri- jf any offender ordered to be committed to prifon under or bft rna^pcwS* virtue of this aft, for any offence for which a pecuniary penal* 1 ties/ P * ty alone is hereby impofed, (hall, before his aftuafl commit^ ment to prifon, procure fecurity, to be given by two fufficio^ fureties, to the fatisfaftion of the juftices before whom he (half have been convifted, for payment of the penalty or penalties him incurred, with the charges incident to his conviftioi^ within thefpace of fourteen days, exclufive of the day ofconvib* tion, then and in fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful for fuck; juftices to accept fuch fecurity, and upon nonpayment thereof at the time ftipulated for that purpofe, it (hail and may be law* ful to and for the fame juftices, or any other two juftices of fHk peace for the fame county, divifion, or place, to caufe the pal* ty convifted, and his fureties, to be apprehended by warrant or warrants under his or their hands and feals, and them, and each and every of them, to commit to the common gaol or houfe of correftion of the county, divifion, or place inorfoir which fuch juftices (hall aft, for fuch fpace of time as the party convidted was fubjeft and liable to have been imprifoned, iq cafe no fuch fecurity had been given, unlefs fuch penalty and charges (hall be fooner paid.

Appeals from LaIX. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That if juftices may any perfon or perfons who (hall be convidted of any of the of* thenar ter ^ences *n adt herein-before mentioned (hall think himfidf ieffions^on °r themfelves aggrieved by the judgement or determination of I two furetieg fuch juftices of the peace, upon any complaint or information entering into brought or made before them, it (hall and may be lawful to and recognizan- for any fuch perfon or perf0ns to appeal to the next general or CC8f	quarter feflions of the peace to be held for the county, divifion,

or place in or for which (uch juftice or juftices (hall have aftedi fuch perfon or perfons giving, and being hereby required to give, within fourteen days then next after fuch conviftion, notice in writing to the informer or informers of fuch appeal, and fhall and do at the time of making fuch appeal, with two fuf-ficient fureties, enter into recognizances before the fame juf-ticc or juftices of the peace, to appear and profecute fuch appeal at the faid general or quarter feflions, and abide by the order or determination of the fame court, and to pay the cofts and charges thereby awarded againft fuch perfon or perfons (if any); and every fuch appeal (hall, by the faid court of general or quarter feflions, be examined, and the circumftances of the cafe fully inquired into, and the matter heard and determined ; and in cafe fuch judgement, determination, or conviftion, fo appealed againft, (hall be affirmed, the party fo appealing (halj pay unto the informer or informers double cofts, to be afccr-tained by the order of the fame court, and if the ap- LXX. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That ia pdiant pay	'	•	•'	-	'	cafe

Digitized by LjOOQle

788.] Anno vicefimb oftavo Georgii III. c. 38.	463

afetheperfon or pcrfons fo appealing (hall pay the penalty on- the penalty, er any fuch conviction as aforefaid into the hands of the faid jftfccs by way of depofir, or (halt be* committed to prifon, fur*tiCJ. jch perfon or perfons (hall and may appeal to the faid general uarfer feffions, on hi9 or their entering (without fureties) into ach recognizances as herein-before mentioned, and remaining n prifon in the mean time, or depofiting fuch penalty into the riuods of the faid juftices, there to remain until the merits of he (aid appeal fhafl be heard and determined.

LtXXI. And be it further enafted, That every information o be made under this aft (hall be made upon oath ; and that Juftices may t (hall and may be lawful to and for the juftice or juftices be- fummon wit-Fore whom any complaint or information (hall have been fo nc”cs# made, to fummon before them, at the inftance of either party,

perfon who (hall, in their judgement, appear to be a ne-ceuiry witnefs for either or any of the faid parties upon the faid complaint or information, to appear before him or them, at a time and place to be fpecifted in the fummons 5 and the Derfi>n fo fummoned (hall appear at the time and place fpecir tied, and fubmit in all things to be examined as a witnefs in the premifes.

LXXII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any perfon or pcrfons (hall receive or take Penalty on re-any greater fees for any fufferance, licence, or certificate, or ^£”1 e*!?-** other matter herein direfted, than the fum or fee herein for mitcd fees, that purpofe limited, the perfon or perfons offending therein (hall forfeit and pay to the party aggrieved, the fum of five (hillings for every one penny which (hall be taken over and above the fee hereby allowed to be taken, and fo on after that proportion.

LXXIII. And be it further enafted by the authority afore- ♦	'

faid, That in cafe any perfon (hall be profccuted in any of his Perfons pro-Majefty’s courts of record at JVeJiminJler for any penalty in- fc.cut5^..to purred by this aft, a capias (hall and may iffue, the firft: pro- g,vc 1 * cefs fpecifying the fum of the penalty fued for, and the perfon or perfons fo fued (hall be obliged to give good and fufficient bail and fecurity, by natural-born fubjefts or denizens, to the officer ferving or executing fuch procefs againft him or them, to appear in the court out of which fuch capias (hall iffue, at the day of the return of fuch writ, to anfwer fuch fuit or pro-fecution, and likewife (hall, at the time of fuch appearance, give fufficient bail or fecurity, by fuch perfons as aforefaid, in the faid court, to anfwer and pay the forfeitures and pe* nalties incurred for fuch offence or offences, in cafe lie or they (hall be convifted thereof, or to yield his or their bodies to prifon.

LXXIV. Andy for the better and more impartial trials of all oflions and informations which Jhall be commenced or profecuted by virtue of this be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That Aftions to be fuch aftions and informations (hall be tried in any of his Ma- tried byajury jelly’s courts of record, by a jury cf good and lawful freehold- ©f aThff*crent$

county fropi

Digitized by

Google

464	Anno	vicefimo	o&avo Georgii III. 0.3$. [17V.

that wherein ers, to be fummoned out of any other county than that when-the fad* in the fact (hall be committed.

committed. LXX V. And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid, pr&onedfor1* That anY P^011 or perfons (hall be in prifon for want of want of hail fufficient bail for any of the pecuniary penalties berein-before refufe to plead inflidted, and (hall refufe to appear or plead to a declaration to informati- qT information to be delivered to fuch perfon or perfons, or umj°udge^ *° 6a°kr* or keeper, or turnkey of the prifon, a| the (ail nent to be prifon, for any of the aforefaid penalties, for the (pace of one entered term, judgement (hall be entered againft him by default, againft them. LXXVI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore* Where there faid9 That if any perfon or perfons, offender or offenders, mSe^nyfeh ^ conv^ed f°r any °f the offences fpecified in this ad, zurc, oat of ln<* there (hall happen to have been no feizure whereby the m-which to re- former or profecutor can be rewarded, then, and in fuch cafe, ward profecu- ^ (hall and may be lawful for the refpe&ive coromiffioncri of ■Soncwof" cu^oms> excife, or fait duties, or other his Majefty*s re-the revenue venue, and they are hereby rcfpeSively required to caufe one torecom- (hilling per pound weight for all fuch of the faid articles for pence them as which fuch offender or offenders (hall be convidfed, or the Aim herein men- 0f forty p0unds> }n cafe the quantity cannot be known, to be nc * paid by the receiver general of the revenue, under the management of the refpedtive commiffioners, out of -any publiefc money in his hands ; and the money paid by any receiver general, cathier, or other officer as aforefaid, (hall be. accepted of and allowed in his account as fo much money paid to bis Ma- I jetty, and every fuch officer is and (hall be hereby difeharged thereof accordingly; any law, cuttom, or ulage, to the contrary notwithftahding.

LXXVII. Provided always, and be it enadted by the autho-Profccntiona rity aforefaid. That no perfon or perfons whatfoever fhall at to be com- any time hereafter be liable to be profecuted for any offence, years' *D 3 a<^> matler* or thing done or committed contrary to this a#, unlefs fuch profecution (hall be commenced within the fpace of three years next enfuing the offence committed. •

LXX VIII. And be it further cna&ed by the authority afore-The firft three faid. That the better to encourage perfons to difeover the cx-pcifons con- porters of (heep, wool, or other the articles before enumerated, Sporting ' and ^hich are hereby prohibited from being exported, the firft fttcep, etc. three perfons who (hall have been aiding, abetting, or affifting not being the in carrying out or exporting of (heep, wool, or any of the faid SwfJe”i who articles, w^o (hall give information thereof to any juftice of thereof to be Pcacc	kingdom, whereby the punilhment and

exempted penalties appointed by this a£t may be ipflidted and recovered, from penal* {he party or parties fo difeovering (not being "owner or part tics;	owner of the laid (heep, wool, or other the articles as aforefaid)

(hall not fuffer any of the faid penalties or punifhments herein-and alfo the before mentioned : provided always, That if any owner of any owner,etc. of (hip or veflcl, or any matter, commander, or mariner, or per-tjje u.Pon fon aiding or affifting in loading any (hip, veflel, or boat, herein mt n-nS knowing of fuch exportation of (heep, wool, or of any the ar-tioned. ‘	1	‘	lidw

Digitized by

Google

*S8.J Anno vlcefimo oftavo GeoROii III. c. 38.	465

cles before enumerated, and which are hereby prohibited from eusg exported, (hall, within three months next after the riowledge thereof, or after h»s return into the kingdom of Trout Britain, give the firft information thereof before any of Mr barons of the court of exchequer for the time being, or be-*re the head officer of any port where he (hall firft arrive, or icfore any juftice or jufticcs of the peace, upon his or their rath, of the number and quantity of the faid articles fb carried, xsnreyed, and tranfported, and by'whom, where, and in vhat (hip or veffel, and (hall enter into recognizance to his aid Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, with two fufficient Cure-ies^ before any juftice of the peace, in the fum of forty pounds »ch, personally to appear and give evidence of the fame, then Rich owner and owners, matter, commander, mariner and mariners, or other perfon or perfons fo aiding oraffifting there* in, (had! not be liable to any of the penalties or forfeitures im this aA contained or enaAed for the offence a fore faid, tfut (tiMl be, -and is and are hereby enabled to recover and receive fuch behefit and advantage as is appointed to he received and allow* ed by this aA oq conviAion of fuch offenders.

LXXIX. And whereas an aft of parliament was pajfed in the Hoenty-tbirdyear of the reign of his majejly King Henry the Eighth,

For the windfog of wool, whereby it was enaftea, That from 13 Heovl. thenceforth no manner of perfon or perfons do wind, or caufe to ho c. 17* and wound, any fleece of wool being not Jujficiently river ed or wafbed, mr wind, nor caufe* to be wound, within any fleece, day, lead, jHones, fond, tails, deceitful locks, cots, cals, comber, lamVs wool, or any other thing, whereby the fleece might be made more weighty, to the deceit and lofs of the buyer, upon pain the feller of any fuch deceitful* wools to forfeit for every fuch fleece fixpence, the one moiety to the King, the other to the finder and prover of the fame deceit, by aftion of debt, by original writ, bill, plaint, information, or otherwife, in any of the Kings courts, in which aftion, no wager of law, ejfinn, or proteftion, fhould be allowed for the defendant; and it was provided in and by the faid aft, that the fame aft concerning rivering and wafting of any wool fhould not in anywife extend to any Jtire or /tires, ‘ the inhabitants whereof had not cuflomably ufed before that time to river or wafh their fheep afore they were fhorn, nor fhould in anywife be hurtful or prejudicial to any perfon or perfons that had ufed cuflomably to fell their wools by tale or number of the fleece or fleeces, and not by weight, any thing in the faid aft to the contrary notwithstanding 4 which faid Jlatute was made perpetual in and by another aft of parliament, paffed in the thirteenth year of her majejly §>ueen Elizabeth, intituled. An aA for reviving and ijEliz. c. 15. continuance of certain ftatutes: and whereas the faid laws have **&**&• not now the good effeftts thereby propofed and intfiyded, hy,reafon of the /aid penalty being fo fmdU, and one moiety thereof being dire ft ed to be paid to the King, and the great expence attending the recovery of the fame; be it therefore enaAed by the authority aforefaio, and the pe-That, from and after the pafling of this a A, every perfon and nalty thereby perfons offending againft the faid lad-mentioned a As (hall, in impofedon

I"	'	*	J	Jicudcccufql

Digitized by

466

winding of wool increaf-ed to as. per fleece,the whole to be to the prover thereof. Offences againft the recited afts may be determined by a juftice in a fum m ary way.

Complaints for deceitful winding of wool to be difeharged, if there appears no intentioa to defraud.

The aforefaid penalty, if not paid in fix days, to be levied by dif-trefs.

Perfons complained of for felling wool deceitfully wound, may, if it was done without their privity, re-

AnnO vic6fima oftavo Georg n III. c. 38. [ 17M,

lieu of evtry fix pence which, by the laid ads, or either of them, might be recovered, forfeit and pay the fum of two (hilling*, the whole whereof (hall be paid to the finder or prover of ck above-mentioned deceits; and the offences againft the kid ads, or either of them, from henceforth (hall and may be proceeded upon, heard, and determined by and before any one juftice of the peace refiding at or near the place where fuch offence or offences (hall be committed, in a fammary way; and (nek faid juftice of the peace (hall be and he is hereby imposvcttd to caufe the refpedive perfon or perfons againft whom any fuch information (hall be laid, to be fummoned at a certain time and place to be fixed by fuch juftice, and he is hereby folly authorised, impowered, and required, upon the appearance +r default of fuch perfon or perfons, to examine into and give judgement in the premifes; any thing in the kid recited aids, 9* either of them, contained to the contrary thereof in anywifc nottoithftanding.

LXXX. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, Thu if it (hall appear, to tire fatisfa&ion of fuch juftice, that the matter complained of was not done, committed, or fuffered, with intent to deceive the buyer of any fuch aforefaid wool, or that any clay, fand, or earth, which (hall be (bund in foch fleece, was not intentionally put there to make the fleece more weighty, but became mixed or conneded with the fame by ro» (bn of the oeceflTary paftmring, folding, or keeping of the (heep, whereupon fuch fleece (hould have been grown fubfequeot to therivering.or washing affuch (heep, that every fuch juftice (hall and may, and he is hereby impowered to difeharge every focb complaint, and to acquit the perfon and perfons thereby accuf-ed of and from the payment of any penalty or forfeiture, on account of the matter or offence therein fet forth and aliedged; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

LXXXI. And be it further ena&ed, That in ca£e the penalty or penalties hereby infii&ed or impofed, for or in refped cf the falfe winding of wool, or the felling or diCpofing thereof, (hall not be paid within fix days next after fuch convidion, the fame penalty or penalties (hall be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of fuch offender or offenders, by warrant or warrants under the hands and feals of the juftice or juftices before whom he or they (hall have been convided.

LXXX1I. And whereas it may frequently happen that tht ftder offuch deceitful wools, or wool folfely wound or folded* may not he the perfon who actually wound or folded the fame, or that the fame were deceitfully or falfely wound or folded without the privity, knowledge* or conjent of fuch feller; be it therefore enacted. That it (hall and may be lawful, in every fuch cafe, to and for the feller of woo), touching which any complaint or information (hall have been made, and which mall be then pending, immediately after he (hall have received fuch fummons as aforefaid, to apply to the juftice of the peace who (hall have granted ’	fuch

788.] Anno vicefimo o&avo Georgii III. C. 38.	467

icK fuounons, and require him, upon information having quire the ap-een given for that purpofe, to fummon the perfon who a&u- pcarance of tiv wound or folded the wool then complained of as being fo wound^\t iMcly or deceitfully wound or folded, to appear at the time before a iuf-nd place mentioned in fuch original futnmons, or at fuch-other tice, who is iwm and place as fuch jufticC (hall think proper (of which time determine nd place fufficient notice (hall be given by the feller of fuch root to the perfon or perfons complaining), when the faid uftice (hall, and he is hereby impowered, whether tlie perfon ftwrged as being the aCtual winder of the wool then complained yf (hall'appear or not (proof being made that he had been duly fummoned), to hear and determine the matter of fuch com* phint* and if it (hall then appear, to the fatbfaCiion of the laid juftice, that the wool then complained of had been actually wound or folded falfely and deceitfully by the perfon then charged by the feller thereof with having wound and folded the fame, and that without the privity, knowledge, or confent of fiach feller, that then, and in every fuch cafe, the perfon who had actually wound or folded fuch wool (and not the feller thereof) (hall be (ubjeCt and liable to the penalties herein-be-fore impofed upon the feller and fellers of wool deceitfully or falfely wound or folded, and fuch remedies for the recovery of the lime as are herein-before mentioned; but if it (hall, upon feoh hearing, appear otherwife to fuch juftice, or if it (hall appear and be determined otherwife upon the hearing of the ap-' peal, and which is hereinafter given, then, and in every fuch crie, the feller of the wool fo complained of (hall remain and be (ubjeCt to fuch penalties, and remedies for the recovery thereof, as aforefaid, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding 5 and in cafe of nonpayment of fuch penalties by, or that the fame cannot be recovered of and from, the perfon who (ball have been convicted of having actually falfely and deceitfully wound or folded fuch wool, every fuch perfon (hall be committed to the common gaol or houfe of correction for the county, riding, divifion, Or place wherein the offence was committed, there to remain for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor lefs than twenty-one days, unlefs the penalty and cofts (if any) (hall be fooner paid and fatisfied.

LXXXIII. And be it further enaCted, That if any perfon Perfons ag-or perfons (hall think himfelf or themfelves aggrieved by the grieved raiy judgement or determination of any fuch juftice of the peace, quw^rfef-upon any complaint or information which (hall have been Sons, 3cc. brought or made before him, refpeCting the winding'or folding of wool* it (hall and may be lawful to and for any fuch perfon	*

or perfons to appeal to the next general or quarter feflions of the peace to be held for the county, divifion, or place in or for which fuch juftice (hall have aCted, fuch perfon or perfons giving, and being hereby required to give, within five dtfys then next after fuch conviction, notice in writing to the refpon-dent or refpondents in fuch appeal, and (hall and do, at the .	n	I	time

468	Anno	viccGmo	odavo	GfioRGif	III.	c	38.	[17®

time of making fuch appeal, with two fufficicnt fureties «•#* into recognizance before the faid juftice or jufticcs of the peatfj$ to appear"and profecute fuch appeal at the faid general or qum*. ter feffipns, and abide by the order or determination of the fii court* and to pay the cofts and charges thereby awarded agaiflft •fuch perfon or perfons (if'any) 5 and every fuch appeal ferit by the faid court of general or quarter feffions, be cxamiti* 1 and the circumftances of the cafe fully enquired into* aok dm matter heard and determined ; and the faid juftices in the 4NT general or quarter feffions are hereby authorifed to award fadk cofts as (hall appear to them juft and reafonable to be paidt£ either party.	v	*

K<r con via ion LXXX1V. Provided aIfot and be it funhtr ena&cd, Tfct tobefet tfide no con v id ion made or judgement given, upon any oflfencefr form.*01 °* °®«nces this ad mentioned or created, (hall be fet afidrit or by any court whatfoever for want of form, or through til . raif-ftating of any fad, circumftance, or other matter wbaA* ever, provided the material fads alledged in fuch convidioa* judgement, and upon which the fame (hall be grounded, 4k proved to the fatisfadion of the faid court $ any law, flatute, «r cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXXXV. And whereas, by an ail of parliament puffed in 44 twenty Jeventb year of the reign of bis late majefly King Edwali 97 Ed. 5. the Third, intituled, The officers of the ftaple, and merchant* Hat. a.c. *3. repairing lo it, (half be fworn to maintain the ftaple, aod^lt laws and cuftoms of it, it was ordained, That a certain market 4 winders of wool, and other officers therein mentioned, be ffiffidtm ordained for the place where the Jlaple is, and they and the corrtdJL and all manner of officers of the Jlaple, bfjides the conflables, JU be fworn before the mayor of the Jlaple, that they lawfully JhaB etfr cute thiir office, without fraud or deceit: and whereas •all winders ! now to be Jworn do repair to the mayor of the Jlaple at Weftmmfer *	for the purpofe of being fo fworn, whereby the perfons fo defirmef 1

being fworn are fubjefted to great expence and inconvenience; belt | quarter fcf.	enaded	by	the	authority	afbrefaid.	That	it	(hall	mb

fions may ad- "lay be lawful for the juftices of the peace, who (hall hereafter minifter to t)e affembled at any general quarter feffions of the peace, with-perfons pro- in the kingdom or Great Britain, or any adjournment thereof, Sed to be an(* arc ^eby empowered and required to adminifterto fworn wind- cvery fuch perfon as (hall be defirous of becoming a fworn ersof wool, winder of wool, and (hall produce a certificate under the hand* the following of any two growers of wool, teftifying to the fatisfadion of t*be entered* fuch jufticca, that fuch perfon is properly qualified to become in the records a f*w& winder of wool, an oath to the following purport aod 4rftbcfdBons;effed, that is to fay,	,

/A. B. do fwear, That I will truly and juflly, without Jemf, wind and fold all and fingular the wool which I Jball take ufen me to wind and fold, without leaving or putting any clay, lead, Jloues, jand, tails, deceitful locks, lambs wool, or any other thing, whereby the fleece may be made more weighty, to the deceit and hfi

■	Google

788.J Anno vicefimo odtavo Georgii III. c. 38.	469

tbi buyer ; and that I will not ufe any other deceit, crafty guile,

' fraudy in the winding or folding of anyfuch afore [aid wool.

So help me GOD.

n entry of the adminiftering and taking of which oath (hall*

5 made in the records of the faid fcflions, and a certificate vereof (hall be delivered by the clerk of the peace, or other roper officer, to the perfon who (hall have taken the fame.

LXXXVI. Provided always, and be it enadted, That no- but perfons , king herein contained (hall be conftrued to hinder or prevent ntn ny one from employing any perfon in winding or folding of £]oyed!Cm~ k>o1, although fuch perfon (hall not have been ('worn irf man* er before mentioned.	-	^

LXXXV1I. And whereas many perfons are now confined in pfl-	,

in for penalties and fines fet upon them in confcquence of their hav*> * ng been convifled of offences againft the laws now in being to promt the illicit exportation of live fheep% wool, and other the of ore-aid enumerated articles, which they are unable to pay ; and many9 '0 avoid fucb penalties and forfeitures, and the punijbments dire fled	»

'0 be inflifted upon perfons convifled of fucb offences, have withdrawn tbemfelves into foreign parts, and procefs of outlawry may have iffued againft fome of them: and whereas it is expedient to extend a pardon and indemnity to perfons under the aforefaid circum-ftonces; be it therefore ena&ed, That no profeeption, a £1 ion, No jfrofecu-fuit, or information, (hall be commenced, for or upon account tionIJ|0 ** . or by reafon of any offence committed by any perfon or perfons fo^offencc* againft any of the proviiions of any aft or adts now in force prior to May againft the exportation of live (heep, wool, or any other the x,i78£,againft aforefaid articles, before the firft day of May onethoufand fe- the laws re-ven hundred and eighty-eight, but that the penalties, forfei- c^ortationof tures, and puniftunents (hall be wholly pardoned and rc- live foeep, &c. leafed.	.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enabled. That, as to all penalties or fines now due, on any former convi&ion upon any no^due, or" of the adls hereby repealed, or which may become due in con- which may fequence of profecutions now carrying on, the fame (hall he become due pardoned and difeharged, fo far as regards the (hare or intereft j? profecu-of fuch penalty or fine given to his Majeftv; and that all per- pending, to be fons againft whom any procefs of outlawry hatlrtsqen fued out, remitted, and for the matters aforefaid, may be at liberty to apply, by mo- reverfal of tion, to the court Out of which fuch procefs iffued io fet aiide or outlawries reverfc the fame.	*r-	for?'

LXXXIX. And be it further ena&ed, That if«any«pfrfon V ^ or perfons, who (hall claim tl c benefit of this adt, (hall* after	■*■

fuch claim, bring or commence, or caufe to be brought or pcrfonsclaim-commenced, any adtion, plaint, information, or other *profo-ing the bene-cution whatfoever, againft any officer of his Majefty’s navy, fit of this aft ot in the fervice of the cuftoms, excife, or fait, or other per-	for

fen who (hall have aided or^affifted any fuch officer, for or aDy thing concerning any aft, matter, or thing, done or committed by done in regard

a	them,	to matters

. .	Digitized	by Google

470	Anno	vicelimo	oftavo	GEORG 11 III* C. 38.	(>?»

hereby dir them, or any of theta, on occafion of, or for, or by reafofev charged, they means Qf any of the offences, frauds, tnifiJemeanofs, or aim wncfaI?ffue.C malters or l^*ngs intended to be releafed and difeharged If h	*	this art, fuch claim'is and (hall be deemed to be an	a.

difeharge and reieafe to every fuch officer, or other perfon, of * and from all and. every fuch artions, fuits, and profecutiousj and fuch officer and other perfon may plead the general in* and give the fpecial matter in evidence; and the faid qf-cer or other perfon (hall recover his cods of fuit agaioft fk , perfon or perfons fo bringing or commencing fuch adion or pro-fecution.

A&nottoex- XC. Provided alfo, and be it enabled. That nothing io this 1 t^nd to the art contained (hall extend, or be oondrued to extend, to4f» any fdzure^of c^arSe or releafe any feizures of wool, or any other the wool* etc*! or herein-before enumerated anicles, or of any (hips, ve$b» any profccu- boats, horfes, waggons, carts, carriages, or other thing what-tion now de- foever, or any profecution now depending for the forfeiture rf In rrt^rt^to* wo°^ or anY otllCjr l^c herein-before enumerated ar-fuch parts of tic,cs>	veflels, boats, horfes, waggons, carta, carriage,

fines as be-	or other thing, under any ad or alts of parliament now <a

long to the	force, againd the exportation of live (heep, wool, or any qthcr

informer; the herein-before enumerated articles, nor to acquit*.*^ Icafe, or difeharge any judgement or judgements, where the f v monies or other things recovered have been actually levied, or the body or bodies of the offender or offenders now in ctifio-dy, or which have been taken in execution before the making of this art, nor to acquit, reieafe, or difeharge any infatuation which has been already entered, or any artion or fat which has been already commenced or brought, againft any perfon or perfons, for the recovery of any penalty, fine, or forfeiture, incurred by any offence committed by him or them againd any fuch art or arts of parliament, verdirt or verdiffs obtained, or judgement or judgements recovered thereon, ia refpert to fuch part thereof as belongs to or has been ufuaDj allowed and paid to the officer of his Majefly’s navy, or ia tbc '	fervice of the cudoms, excife, or fait, (at whofe indance the

profecution is or was carried on), according to the mode in which fuch fuit or fuits hath or have been commenced and car-but fuch fuits tied oh; but fuch information, fait, verdirt or verdirts, or may be pro- judgement or judgements, (hall and may be proceeded upon as seeded on. originally commenced, entered, and proceeded upon, without any alteration in the proceedings upon fuch information, fait, verdirt or verdirts, judgement or judgements, for the recovery in due courfe of law of fuch part of the penalty or forfeiture incurred, as belongs to or has been ufually allowed and paid to • fuch officer of his Majefty’s navy, or in the fervice of the cuf-toms, excife, or fait, at whofe inftance the profecution is or was carried on, according to the mode in which fuch fuit or fuits hath or have been carried on.

XCI. And be it further cnarted by the authority aforefeid. Limitation of That in cafe any artion, fuit, or information lhall be com-adiow.	menccd,

Digitized by

Google

1^88.] Ahno vicefimo o&avo GeoAouIII. 0.3$;	47	r

tncnced, brought, and profecuted on account of the feizure of ai»f (hip, veflel, or boat, waggon, cart, carriage, horfe, or ot£er beaft of burthen, or of any fheep, wool, woolfels, wool- , fipeks, more lings, fhortlings, worked, bay or woollen yarn, ohaels, or wool nightly manufactured, or mattrafles or beds ftjuffed with combed wool, or wool fit for combing or card* ikig, fullers earth, fulling clay, of tobacco pipe clay, as illegally carried or exported, or intended or attempted to be exported, or for any matter, caufe, or thing dorie, committed* or executed by virtue of this adt, or any claufe or article herein contained, fuch adlion fhall be commenced within fit months after the fad* committed, and not afterwards, and fhall be laid in the proper county where the fadt Was done or committed j ahd the perfon or perfons fo fued may file common bail* or enter a common appearance, and plead the general iflue* not guilty* and may give thi* ad, apd the fpecial mat- General iffue* ter, in evidence at the trial, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of thisadt: and if upon the trial it fhall appear to be fo done, the jury fhall find for the defendant or defendants; and in fuch cafe, or if the faid plaintiff or plaintiffs, or profecutor, fhall become nonftiit, or fuffef difcontinuanefe,' or if upon demurrer judgement be giveit againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants in any fuch cafe fhall , recover treble Cofts, which he or they fhall fuftain by his of Treblecofti.. their defence to fuch adliort or fuit; ahd that in cafe any in- If in any ac-formation fhall be commenced and brought to trial oh account tionfof afci-Of any feizure which fhall be made under or by virtue of this b^foSnd^^ wherein a verdidt fhall be found for the daimer thereof, the claimer, knd it fhall appear to the judge or court before whom the fame be fhall not fhall be tried that there was a probable calife of feizure, the be entitled to judge or court before whom the faid information fhall be tried, ^Vprobsi^ (hall certify on the recced that there was a probable caufe for ca^ f0* the profecutor’s making fuch feizure, iri fuch Cafe the defendant making it, (hall not be entitled to any cofts of fuit whatever, nor (hall the etc. perfon or perfons who made any fuch feiZure be liable to any adtioft, ihdidtirienr, or other fuit or ptofecution, on account thereof; and that in cafe afty adiioft, indidtment, or other pro-fecution, fhall be commenced and brought to trial againft any perfon or perfons whatfoevef, which fhall be made under ot by virtue of this adt, wherein a verdidl fhall be given againft the defendant or defendants, if the courr or judge before whom fuch adtion or profecution fhall be tried fhall certify on thfi faid record that there was a probable caufe for fuch feizure, then the plaintiff, befides the fhip or goods which fhall happen to be feized, or the value thereof, fhall not be entitled to above two-pence damages, nor to any cofts of fuit, nor fhall the defendant in fuch profecution be fined above one (hilling.

Vot. xxxvi.	ii	Cap.

gitized by Google

47*

Anno vicefimo o&avo GeorGii I1L c.39. [1788.

CAP. XXXIX.

An oft to allow the importation of rum, or other fpirits, from bh Majeffs colonies or plantations in the Weft Indies, into the province of Quebec, without payment of dutyy under certain conations and rejiriftions.

Preamble. T XT H E R E A S, hy an aft made and pajfed in the fourteenth year W of the reign of his prefent Majefly> a duty offixpence is tm-pofcd on every gallon cf rumy or other fpirits, which Jhall he imparted or brought into any part of the province of Quebec, from any of bis Majejlys fugar colonies in the Weft Indies: and whereas it W&U greatly tend to encourage a proper commercial intercourfe between the Jaid province and the faid colonies, if rum, imported into the faid province in any flAp or veffel which fhall carry from tbenccy and land in anf of his Majtfy’s fugar colonies in the Weft Indies, a cargo if lumber or pjcvifions, horfes or neat cattle, was exempt from payment ef the faid duty: be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod excellent roajefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual X> ani temPoraI> and commons, in this prefent parliament af-which carried fembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after lumber, etc. the firft day of Augufl one thoufcmd feven hundred an4 cighty-♦rom Quebec eight, in all cafes where any rum, or other fpirits, being toe Indies^he h* Pro^uce or manufacture of any of the faid colonies in the Weft voyage1, to be Indits% (ball be legally imported or brought into the faid province permitted to from any of the faid colonies, in any (hip or veffel which, in import, duty- her Jaft preceding voyage, fhall have carried to, and landed in, free, into that any 0f tfoe fgjj colonies, a cargo of lumber and proviftens, quantity of horfes or neat cattle, from the ftid province, it (hall and may rum equal to be lawful to admit to an entry and land any quantity of fuch rum the value of or fpirits, not exceeding in value the cargo of lumber or previ-the lumber, f]0nSj horfes or neat cattle, fo carried and landed, without pay-ctc. ocarrie . ment 0f tjie duty 0f f]Xpence per gallon.

Sfiipscarrying II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That thc in all cafes where any rum or other fpirits, being the produce or the fa-d pro-° manufa<^urc of any of the faid colonies in the Wefl Indies, (hall vince, and be legally imported or brought into the faid province from any loading there of the faid colonies, in any (hip or veffel which, in her next with lumber, clearing out from the faid province after fuch importation, (hall mit'ted to en-” *oa<^ a car2° lumber or provilions, horfes or neat carter,duty free, tie* *n the fa*d province, and fhall carry to and land the fame in a quantity of fome of the faid colonies, it dull and may be lawful toadraitto rum equal to an entry and land any quantity of fuch rum or fpirits, not ex-ihe faid him- ceet^n§ *D vahie the cargo of lumber or proviftons, horfes or hfr< on K;ving neat cattle fo loaded, without payment of the faid duty of fix-bondasherem pence per gallon ; provided always, That thc owner or owners of mentioned, iuch laft mentioned (hip or vend, which fhall fo as aforefaid have legally imported fuch rum or other fpirits, or in cafe of fuch owner or owners not refiding in the faid province, the matter o« perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veffel, together with one or more fuftkient fureties refitting within the faid province, (hall, before fuch rum or other fpirits fhall

be

j-

' Digitized by v^ooQle

473

t78S.J Anfio vkefimd odafo GEofton III. c. 39.

be fo admitted to an entry without payment of the faid defy, give bond to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, to be taken bf the two principal officers of the cuftoms there, in tfie penal fum of fice hundred pounds, with condition that the faid fhip ot veflel (hall, in her next clearing o6t from the faid province after fnch importation, be laden with a cargo of lumber or provifions^ horfes or neat cattle, equal in value to the rum or fpirita fo admitted to an entry, without payment of the faid duty as afore-faid ; and that the faid lumber or provifionrs, horfes or neat cattle, fH all be carried to and landed in fome of the faid colonies in the fFeft Indies

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That the value of the rum or other fpirits fo admitted to an entry Rum and

as aforefaid, and the value of the cargo of lumber or provifrons, lumber to bd Kories or neat cattle, fo loaded as aforefaid in the faid province, ableu the6'" lhall refpedHvely be eftimated and computed according to the va- annexed febe-luations contained in the fchedule annexed to this a&.	dule.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That it (ball and may be lawful for his Majefty, Valuations in with the advice of his privy council, by 6rder or orders to be if- thefchedule fued and publifhed from lime to time, to alter the valuations b contained in the faid fchedule whenever it (hall appear neceflary Majefty ra or proper, upon any reprefentation or report made by the go- council? vernor and council of the faid province.

The SCHEDULE mentioned and referred to in this a#.

per cwb

J	c.	s.	d.
	Sterling.		
Flour, 1ft foft, i——1	0	10	9?
2d fort, 	*	0	7	4f
Bifcuit —— ——	0	10	63
Wheat -—-	0	3	o'
Peafe 	 —	0	2	9
Oats —	0	1	1
Barley 	 			0	2	o r
Flax feed 		0	3	0
Potatoes	e	1	6J
Frelh beef —*—	6	6	i\
Fr$(h pork » —»■ —	0	0	4J
T urkey s ——	6	I	9
Oak timber fquared, per cubic foot o D® plank 3 to 4 inches thick, per		0	6
fquare foot 			0	0	3
D°	ditto 1* to. 2 inches	0	0	2

per Winctufler bufhcl.

each, per foot*

do. do.

Barrel ftaves, fit for the Weft Indies, 3 feej 6 inches long, 4

inches broad, and t inch thick 4 (0 o p£f thousand feet; Heading, 2 feet 6 inches long, 5 to 6 inches broad, and 1 inch thick

Squared pine timber	——

4 10 o per thoufand feet, o 0 2 per cubic foot.

I i a	Pine

Digitized by Google

Anno vicefimo ottavo Georg 11 III. c.40. Xl/M* Pine boards, 12 feet long, 1 inch y

thick, 12 inched broad	226	per thoufand feet,

D° ---------- 15 feet long, 1 inch

thick, 12 inches broad	2 15	o per thoufand feet

Do ---------,g feet long, , ;nch

thick, and 12 inches broad 3 10 o per thoufand

Do----------10 feet long, 1 inch

thick ----------------------------   1150	per	thoufand feet

Do ----------12	feet long, 2 inches

thick	—	  3 7	6 per thoufand fact

Hoops, 12 feet long ----------------- 300	per	thoufand feet.

Shingles -------- -------------- 012 o per thoufand fact.

Windward iflands JVeJl India	rum	o	1	9	per gallon.

2amalca rum -------------------  020 per gallon.

orfes ----------------------    15	o	o	per head.

Neat cattle	  8	o	o	per head.

C A P. XL.

An ad for giving relief to fuch perfons as have fiiffered in their rights and properties, during the late unhappy diflentions in America, is confequence of their loyalty to his Majefty, and attachment to the Britilh government; ana for making compenfation tofuch perfostis have fuffered in their properties, in confequence of the ceffionoftfc province of Eaft Florida to the King of Spain.

Preamble. Reciting 13 Geo. 3. c. 80. 25Geo. 3. c. 76. t6 Geo. j.c.it and *7 Geo. 3. c. 39- By Jan. 1, 1789, the commifRoners appointed to enquire into the loires of American fuffererstotranfmitto the treafurythe names of thofe who fhaH have produced fatisfa&ory proofs of their loflffr with the amount of the fame; deducing therefrom the proportions herein-mentioned, and the fuuis paid on account; viz. 101, percent, for above io,oool. where lofa more than 35,0001. 15b per cent, for above

10,0001.	where lofa not more than 50.0001. sol. per cent, for all above

10,0001.	where lofs more than 50,000!. Alfo from thofe refident if Great Britain, and loyal Bvitilh proprietors, sot. per cent, of all above

lo.oool.	if lofs above 50,0001, and 701. .per cent, for all above to,cool, if lofs more than ioo,oool. and all money received before firft of Jaa. i789;andthecommifiTioner8 appointed toenquire into the lodes offufferen by the ceflion of Eaft Florida, to tranfmit an account of their Ioffes, deducing therefrom what has been already paid. Treafury toautbmifc the exchequer to make forth orders for the fums fet again ft the nanesdf tnc fufferers refpeftively. Orders to carry 31.10 s. intereft from July 5, 2788. Principal and intereft to be paid off by half-yearly infUlroerts; the firft to be April 5, 1789. Orders to be afhgnable. Treaftny to direct payment, on April 5, 1789, of all orders under 50!. CotnmtffioDcn to deliver certificates to the fufferers, of the fums to which they are entitled, to be tranfmit ted to the treafury. See. Orders to be numbered arithmetically. Powers of the malt a & for 1788 to extend to the orders to be made out under this adt, except the rate of intereft. Tnrtfunr may caufe new orders, to be made out in lieu of fuch as may be defaced. Treafury may order perfons employed in the execution of this ad, Ac. to be paid out of the fupplies, etc. for the years 2789, 1790,1791, 1791. >793* *794. 1795 and 1796. Deficiency of aid* to pay orders, may be Supplied out of the.conforidated fund. Money fo Blued out of thgcoo-folidated fund to be replaced out of the firft fupplies. Perfons counterfeiting orders, etc. to fuffer death.

CAP.

Digitized by

Google

Anno vicefimo odavo GeoRGH III. C. 41—44. CAP. XU.

An all to enable his Majefty to grant a certain annuity to the moll noble Aubrey duke of Saint Albana.

Preamble. Geo. 3. c. Si. recited. His Majefty may grant an annuity of 1000I. to the duke of Saint Albans, from Feb. 16, 1787, to Oft. 10, 1803. Grant under this all not to reftrain his Majefty from giving any other pen lions.

CAP. XLIL

All aH for obviating a doubt in an alt, made in the tvrenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An alt for fettling and teeming a certain annuity tor the ule of lady Maria Carlton, wife of fir Guy Carlton, knight of the molt honourable order of the Bath, and Guy Carlton, and Thomas Carlton, Tons of the laid fir Guy Carlton, in confideration of the eminent fervices performed by him to his Majefty and this country.

Preamble. 26 Geo. 3. c. S3 recited. The annuity intended to lady Maria Carlton, (now Dorchefter) Guy Carlton and Thomas Carlton, for their lives and the life of the furvivor. The annuity granted by the recited act, to be payable during the lives of lady Dorchefter, Guy Carlton, and Thomas Carlton, and the life of the furvivor.

CAP. XLIJI.

An all for obviating a doubt in an all. made In the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled,' An all to enable hi* Majefty to grant a certain annuity to Brook Watfon efquire, late com* imffary general in North America, in confideration of his diligent and meritorious fervices in that office.

Preamble. 26 Geo* 3. c. 93. recited. The annuity granted by the recited all to be payable from January it, 1784, to Brook Watfon, &c. in trull for Helen Watfon, during her life.

CAP. XLIV.

An aH for appointing commiffioners further to enquire into the lofles and ferviccs'of all fuch perfons who haive fuffered in their rights, properties, and profeffions, during the late unhappy diffentions in America, in confequence of their loyalty to his Majefty, and attachment to the Britilh government.

Preamble. 23 Geo. 3. c. 80. Commiffioners, John Wilmot, efquire, colonel Robert Kingfton, colonel Thomas Dundas, John Marfli, Jeremy Pemberton, and Robert Mackenzie, efquires. Commiffioners to be fvrora. The oath:

I A. B. do fwear, That, according to the bell of my ikill and knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially, and truly execute the feveral powers and trufts veiled in me by an ad, intituled, “ An all for appointing commiffioners further to enquire into the loftes and fervices pf all fuch perfons who have fuffered in their rights, properties, and pro-frifions, during the late unhappy diffentions in America, in confluence of their loyalty to his Majefty, and attachment to the Britiih government,” according to the tenor and purport of the faid all.

Commiffioners may examine parties on oath. Commiffioners to meet, and to fend for perfons or papers, to appoint clerks, etc. Perfons delivering in fraudulent claims to be excluded from any compensation. Perfons riving falfe evidence to be liable to the penalties of purjury. Commif-uoners may appoint perfons to travel In America to enquire intp falls. Commiffioners in England after Auguft 1, and commiffioners in America after December i, 1788, not to proceed in claims prefented, ex-

1 i 3	cept..

Digitized by

Google

Anno yicefimo o&avo Georgu III. c. 45, 46.	[1788,

cept to complete fucb As (hall have been proceeded on previous totbofe

Jcriods refpe&ively. Memorials prefented to the treafory previous to one 3, 1788, by perfons who furniifaed provifions to the nary and army in America, etc. to betranfmitted to the commiffionejs. Conamiffioecn may receive the claims of the perfons herein named: Robert lord Fairfax, John Penn the elder, John Penn the younger, lady Juliana Pole widow of Thomas Penn, Richard Penn, William Atkin fon, Brobfon, Thomas Cobham, George Dundafs and Ann his wife, Walter King, Grace Farley, major Ralph Phillips, Ann Fiiilayfau, Robert Taalfe, Junes Higgins, Bartholomew Henery, John Po'fon, Hugh Potion, and lieutenant colonel Thomas Young, to be proved on oath. Com* miflionerg to enquire into the claims of futterers by the ceflion of Georgia to the Americans Commiffioners to give an account of tbeir proceedings to the treafury and fecretaries of ftate. Treafury to pay 4000L to the commiffioners; for paying clerks, etc, Commiffioners may receive half pay on taking the following oath:

1A.B. do fwear, That I had not, between	any	place

or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majefty, be tides fuch compenfation as (hall have been or may be made to measacoa* miffioner for enquiring into the lodes and Services of all fuch perfbni who have fuffered in their rights, properties, and profeffions, during the late unhappy diflentions in America, in confequence of their loyalty to his Majefty, and attachment to the Britilh government.

In cafe of the death,etc. of acommiQioner during the recefs of parliament, his Majefty may appoint another. Continuance of this aS one year from Jfuly 15,1788.

cap. xiv.

An alt to prohibit, for a limited time, the exportation of hay.

Preamble. From pading this alt, no hay to be (hipped for exportation. Penalties for offences againft this alt, hay forfeited and alfo tool, per toa penalty. Penalties to be applied, one moiety to the King and the oiber to the profecutor, and to be recovered by altion or information in coons of record in England and Wales, and in courts of feffiotta in Scotland. Hay, difeovered on board any vefiel, and not entered for exportation on June »o, 1788, may be feized, with the veflTel, etc. Hay, for fupport of the cattle in a (hip, may be Carried therein; or to Ireland, when the exportation thereof from that kingdom is prohibited, on bond being given to land it there, etc. Hay may be carried coaftwife, on fecurity being given, etc. His Majefty in council may direlt hay for the ufc of the cattle at Gibraltar to be exported. His Majefty, by prociaimtioa, etc. may permit the exportation of hay. Bargains made for hay (if too tons) after May 24, 1788, may be declared void prior to July *i, 178!. Continuance of this alt for one month after commencement of next fcf* fion>

CAP. XLVI.

ftn aft for difeontinuing, for a limited time, the feveral duties pey* able in Scotland upon low wines and fpirits, and upon worts, 1vojb, and 'other liquors there ufed in the diftillation of fpirits, and for granting to his Majefty other duties in lieu thereof \ and for better *regulating the exportation of Brittih-made fpirits from England 1$ Scotland, and from Scotland to England 5 and to continue, for a limited time, an aft made in the twenty ftxth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, to difeontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines and fpirits for home con-fumption, and for granting and fecuring the due payment of

other

Digitized by Google

4 77

'	Anno	ricefimo	o#avo GeoRGII III; C. 46.

other duties in lieu thereof: and for the better regulation of the making and vending Britijh fpirits; and for dHcontinuing, for a limited time, certain imports and duties upon rum and fpirits imported from the IVefi Indies.

WHEREAS it is expedient that fpirits made in that part ef Prca able,

M	,Great Britain called England, for exportation to that part

:af Great Britain called Scotland, and fpirits made in that part of Great Britain called Scotland,/> exportation to that part of Great Britain called England, Jhould be made and exported under the rules, regulations, reflrift'ioni, and provifions herein after in that behalf provided* and that the feveral duties of excife by this all granted Jbould be impofed; and alj’o that the fveral rules, regulations, refit ic-thus , and provifions herein-after contained for fecuring the due pay-merit of the /aid duties, and for preventing, detecting) and pUniJhing frauds relating thereto, Jhould be provided; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafled by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame,

M'hat, from and after the fifth day of July one thoufand feven Fori year hundred and eighty-eight, there (ball be raifed, levied, collected, )u,y $V and paid to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, for and dor- fowineduties ing the term of one year, to be computed and reckoned from to he levied in the fat'd fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and eighty- Scotland, viz. eight, the feveral duties of excife hcrein-after mentioned ; (that is to fay).

For and upon every gallon, Englijh wine meafure. of the For every gal-cubical content of each and every ftill, including the head, which |°n Englilh of (hall be ufed or employed in that part of Great Britain called of^^ufed* Scotland^ for the making of low wines or fpirits from corn, for making grain, malt, tilts, cyder, or perry, or other wafh or liquor made low wine*,etc. or brewed from ahy fort of Britijb materials, or any mixture from therewith, the fum of three pounds :	ma ena 9*3 *

For and upon every gallon, Englijh wine meafure, of the cu- For every bical content of each and every ftill, including the head, which	for

(hall be ufed or employed in that part of Great Britain called making low Scotland, for making low wines or fpirits from melafles or fugar, wines from or any mixture therewith, the fum of five pounds :	melafles, 5I.

For and upon every gallon, Englijh wine meafure, of the “jj for every cubical content ofeach and every ftill, including the head, which fhofc ufed for (hall be ufed or employed in that part of Gnat Britain called making low Scotland, for making low wines or fpirits from foreign refufed wines from wine, or foreign cyder, or walh prepared from foreign materials, foreign re-(except melafles and fugar), or any mixture therewith, the fum ^d6i^,nc# of fix pounds;

Which faid refpe&ive duties (hall be paid by the perfon or per-fons, and at the refpedive times, and in the manner herein-after mentioned.

114	II.	And

*

Digitized by, Google

47«

No perfon to eredt or work a (til) in Sect-land, without taking out a licence.

and paying a proportion of the duty, as herein-after direded.

licences to be regiftered at the excifeoffice in Edin-burgh.

No licence to be granted for wafti ftills of a lefs content than 50 gallons, nor for any wafh {till on lefs there be licen fed with it a low wine (till of one fourth of its contents.

Diftillers, obtaining licences poftc-riorto July 5, 1788, may prepare worts, but notdifti) low wines, prior to the time fixed by licences.

Anno viccfimo odavo GborGii III. c. 46.	[ 17%%

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon or perfons whatever (hall, by him, her, or them* felves, or by any other perfon or perfons whatever employed bf him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their ufe or benefit; bred, fct up, or work any ftill or ftills for the dialling, nub ing, or manufacturing of low wines or fpirits from malt or cora, or any of the materials aforefaid, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, without firft taking out a licence or licences foe that purpofe; which licences (hall be granted by fuch perfon or perfons in Scotland commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafory, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, (hall authorifcaod appoint for that purpofe, and which perfon or perfons (hall be under and fubjed to the order and controul of the commifltanett of excife in Scotland, in fuch manner as the faid com midi oners of the treafury, or the lord high treafurer (hall dire#, and which licences the faid perfon or perfons, fo authorifed is and are here? by direded and enjoined to grant to all perfons who (hall apply for, and be duly qualified to receive the fame, ten dqys at fcaft before he, fhb, or they (hall fo ered, fet up, or work any fuefc ftill or ftills, and firft paying into the hands of the proper officer of excife, fuch proportion of the yearly rate or duty hereby imposed as herein-after is direded, according to the content or capacity of the ftill or ftills fo to be ereded, fet up, or worked af aforefaid: provided always. That no fuch licence, nor any other licence to be granted by virtue of this ad, in that part qf Great Britain called Scotland, (hall be of force or effed until the fame (hall be produced to the commiflioners of excife in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and duly regiftered at the chief office of excife in Edinburgh, in fuch manner as the faid commif-(ioners (hall dired: provided alfo, That it (hall not be lawful to grant any fuch licence for or in refped of any wafh ftill which (including the head) (hall not be of the content or capacity of fifty gallons Englijh wine meafure, or of a greater content or capacity; nor (hall it be lawful to grant any fuch licence for or in refped of any wafh ftill whatever, unlefs there (hall at the fame timb be licenfed therewith a low wine ftill of a content or capacity (including the head) not lefs than one fourth part of the content or capacity of fuch walh ftill.

III.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for any diftiller or diftillers, after obtaining fuch licence as aforefaid, and not having been licenfed within the year ending the fifth day of Jufyone thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, under an ad made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, to prepare worts, wa(h, or tilts fpr the fpace of ten days before the time fixed by any fuch licence for commencing diftillation : provided alfo, That fuch diftiller or diftillers, not having been (b licenfed as aforefaid, lhall not begin to diftil any low wines or fpirits previous to the time fixed by fuch licence for that purpofe, upon pain of incurring all the penalties and forfeiture? by

Digitized by Google

479

r788.I Anno vicefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 46.

his a<5l direfted to be inflifted on perfons working with unli-cnfcd ft ills.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Licence* to

That every licence to be granted by virtue of this aft, (hall con-	July

linuc in force from the time of granting thereof until the fifth 5,1789. day of yulj onc.thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, and

no longer.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon or perfons (hall ereft, fet up, work, make Perfonsered-ufe of, or have in his, her, or their cuftody or pofleffion, any io?!elc* ^u# (fill or flills for the drilling, making or manufafturing of low ^nCetofor-wines or fpirits from malt or corn, or any other of the materials frit *ool. and aforefaid, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, without the (tills, etc. firft taking out fuch licence as is herein-before direfted, he, (he, or they (hall refpeftively forfeit tor every fuch ft ill the fum of two hundred pounds, together with all and every fuch (fill and (fills, with the tubs and utenfils thereto belonging; and all materials for brewing or manufafturing worts, waih, low wines or fpirits, in the poifcffion of fuch perfon or perfons, and all and every fuch dill and (fills, tubs, utenfils, and materials, (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers or excife.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That upon or previous to the granting of any fuch licence, the Duty for K-perfon or perfons applying for thp fame (hall, before he, (he, or CC”^in ad-they (hall be intitled to fuch licence, pay down in advance in Sance, as* * ready money to the proper officer of excite appointed to feceive berein-mcn* the fame, the proportion of the duty from the fifth day of July tioned. one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, to the day of granting fuch licence; and alfo one (ixth part of the duty by this aft impofed for or in refpeft of his, her, or their (fill or (fills fpecified in fuch licence, and (hall afterwards at the expiration of the firft two months, and fo afterwards at or before the end of every two months, pay down in ready money in advance, a further fixth part of the faid duty, until the whole thereof (hall be fully paid.

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That no perfon or perfons (hall be capable of taking out or re- Perfons apply*

ceiving any fuch licence as aforefaid, fave only the aftual owner

or owners of the (fill or (fills intended to be worked by virtue that the tolls

thereof, and of the implements thereto belonging 5 and every arc their own

perfon or perfons demanding fuch licence, (hall take and fub- property, etc.

feribe an oath before one or more of the commiffioners of excife

in Scotland, or any juft ice of the peace for the county in which

he, (he, or they (hall happen to refide, (and which oath fuch

commiffioners or juftice are and is hereby empowered to admi-

nifter), that the faid (fill or (fills, and implements, are bis, her,

or their own property, and that the work intended to be carried

on is at his, her, or their rifque, and on his, her, or their own

account; and in every fuch licence which (hall be granted by Particulars to

virtue of this aft, there (hall be exprefled and fpecified the fPccificdin

chriftian name or names* and the furname or furnames of the llccncc#*

perfon

Digitized by

Google

4&0

Wafh Rills may be ufed as fpirits (tills, and contrari-wife, on giving notice to the officer.

Licences not to be granted to rectifiers, brewers, or victuallers*

Di (tillers, whilelicenfed, carrying on the trade of a brewer or victualler, to forfeit aool.

ReCtificr* not to carry on trade m brewers, &c. on a penalty of aool.

New bills may

be ereCted in lieu of fuch as may be destroyed, of the

Anno vicefimo oftavo GeoROII HI. C; 46.	[17#*

perfon or perfons to whom the fame (hall be refpe£Hvely graft* cd, the place or places of his, her, or their refpeCtive refidend^. and the name of the particular place and parifh where fbch fit ‘ or (tills are intended to be fet up, ereCted, and ufed, togdfffti with the refpeCtive di mention^ or gauges of fuch (till or { and declaring for what particular ufe each refpeCtive (till wifi tended to be employed, whether it be for the distillation of M wines, or for the diftillation of wafh; and if for the diftilla&n of wa(h, fpccifying from what materials fuch waih lhall be prepared, and alio fpecifying the fum or fums paid for the mtf9 and the times when the future payments (hall refpedtively bb* come due, and when fuch licence will ceafe and expire.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That no words contained in any fuch licence (hall extend, or be deemed or conftrucd to extend, to prevent any diftiller from ufmg his or her wall) (till in diftilling of (Jpuits,* his or her fpirits itill or low wines (till in diftilling of wa(h, profited that previous notice.thereof has been given by the diftiDcfife the proper officer of excife, and that the caufc for fuch alteradoft has been truly ftated in the faid notice.

IX.	And be it further enaCted by the authority afcfrdaid, That it (hall not be lawful for the pfcrfon or perfons auth*-rifed to grant licences as aforefaid, to grant to any reCtifier or compounder of fpirits, or to any common brewer or vi&ualkr, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, any licence for work-ing, ereCling, or keeping of any (till or dills for the diftilfingof wa(h or low wines, fo long as he, (he, or they doth or fniB continue to carry on, or to be concerned in the bufinefs of* reClifier or compounder of fpirits, or common brewer or viChal* ler for brewing or felling of beer or ale in Scotland: and if any perfon or perfons, licenled as a diftiller or diftillers under tto aCt, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall at any time or times, during the time that his, her, or their licence or licences (hall be in force, carry on, or be direftly or indirc&y concerned or interefted in, the trade or bufinefs of a common brewer or victualler, every fuch perfon (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of two hundred pounds.

X.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid* That if any perfon or perfons (hall at one and the fame time carry on the trade or bufinefs pf a reCtifier or compounder of fpirits with that of a common brewer or victualler, pr of a reCtifier, compounder, common brewer or victualler, with that of a diftiller or maker of fpirits, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or (hain>e direCtly or indirectly concerned or interefted therein, every fuch perfon, for every fuch offence, (hall forfeit and iofc the him of two hundred pounds.

XL And be it further enaCted by the authority aforebid, That if any Itill or (tills, to be fo licenfed as aforefaid, (hall, during the continuance of fuch licence, by any unavoidable accident be deftroyed, and rendered unfit for ufe, the owner thereof (hall immediately give notice in writing of fuch accident tb

the

Digitized by Google

788.3	Anno viccGmo oftavo GeoROII III. c. 46.	481

ne proper fupervifor, or officer of excife of the divifion or dif- proportions ridl, and make proof* by his or her own oath, or by the oath f feme other credible perfon, to the fatisfadiion of fuch fuper- 10nc ' ifor or officer, that thededru<5lion of fuch (lil! was wholly acci-leritfy, and not intentional, and thereupon (hall be at liberty ortbwith, after fuch notice and affidavit, to eredt a new dill or lilts, the capacity or content of which, including the head, hall not exceed ten gallons Englijb wine meafure, for every lundred gallons of the content of the former dill or dills fo proved to have been dedroyed and rendered unfit for ufe: and in cafe fuch new eredled dill or dills be not of a larger capacity or content than the faid former dill or dills refpedtively, it (hall be lawful for fuch owner to work the fame during the term to come aod unexpired of his or her fubfiding licence or licences, without takihg out any new licence for that purpofe : but if fuch new An additional eredled dill or dills (hall be of a larger capacity or content re- duty to be fpedlively than the faid former dill or dills, not exceeding the fncreafed^on-proportion aforefaid, the owner thereof fhall immediately ad- tents of new vance and pay down additional duty according to the increafed dills, capacity or content of fuch new dill or dills, for the unexpired term of his or her fubfiding licence or licences.

XII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

That when and fo often as the property and pofTcffion of any li- Notice of the cenfed dill or dills in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, change of (hall be really and bona fide changed during the continuance of this adt, the perfon or perfons becoming intitled thereto (hall gjvcn to the forthwith, after fuch change of property and poffeffion, and be- officer of cx-fore any fuch dill or dills is or are by him, her, or them, at- rife, tempted to be charged or worked, give notice thereof in writing to the proper fupervifor or officer of excife of the divifion or didridt within which fuch dill or dills (hall be fituated, and (hall thereupon, and upon making'oath before a judice of the peace, of his, her, or their adlual property therein, be permitted to work fudh licenfed (till or dills for the unexpired term of the fub-(iding licence for (he fame, upon the lame conditions as are ex-prefled and fpecified in fuch licence.

XIII.	Provided always, That if upon any fuch change of Noticemuftbe

property and pofleflion of or in any fuch licenfed dill or dills,	of	a

the perfon or perfons becoming intitled thereto, and making {jc^fe/itill, oath as aforefaid, (hall not top defirous of working fuch dill or if he does not dills, fuch perfon or perfons mall, within three days after his or jtitcndtowork their title thereto (hall have accrued and been verified as afore- lt» ctc>

faid, fignify the fame in writing to the proper fupervifor or officer of excife of fuch divifion or didritft; and (hall depofit with fuch officer the head or heads belonging to fuch dill or dills, and alfo fuch of the utenfils belonging thereto as fuch fupervifor or officer (hall feletft, in order to render fuch dill or dills incapable of being ufed; and fuch dill or dills (hall not be again ufed until a new licence (hall be granted for that purpofe; and the duty which would have become due for the unexpired term of the fubfiding licence, to be computed from the time of giving

Digitized by CjOOQIc

482	Anno vlcefimo o&avo GeoRGII III. c. 46.

mg fuch notice as aforefaid, (hall ceafe to be paid, but no date (hall lie for re-payment of any part of the duties which (hi have been paid in advance as aforefaid: and if any fuch perAp. (hall negledl or refufe 10 give fuch notice, or to make fuch afl* j davit, or to depofit the head or heads, and fuch of the uteoflf» j of his or her ftill or dills as is hercin-before mentioned and# I rented, every fuch perfon, for every fuch negledl or refufifc (hall forfeit and lofe tlve fum of two hundred pounds.	■	*

XIV,	And be it further enadfed by the authority afarc£j% Perfons ncg- That if any perfon or peifons, duly licenfcd as aforefaid, ip the'duties *re- ncg*e<^ refufe to pay the faid duties impofed by this ad, fat gularly, or or in refpedl of any licenfed (till or fttlls, or any part thereel^b working un- advance, in the manner, and at the time or times dirc&e&% licenfed dills, thjs a# . or jf any pcrfon Qr perfons (hall eredt, work, or aih o or ei aool. u|*e Qf any otj)er ftjjj or (kills in that part of Great Britain caM Scotland, except fuch as (hall be fpecified in his, her, or tMt licence or licences, whether of the fame or of any different *	feription, capacity, or content, than (hall have been (o fpedft*

ed, fuch ftill or ftills (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may feized by any officer or officers of excife j and every fuch perftw or perfons (nail alfo forfeit and lofe, for every fuch offence, the fum of two hundred pounds.

_	XV.	And	be	it	further enadted by the authority aforefini^

w”fon% not That-if any redtifier or compounder, dealer in, or retailer ei being licenfed fpirits, or any chemift, druggift, or perfumer, or any perfifti drftillers, who whatever, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland^ otter Hull diftil,etc. than a licenfed diftiller, (hall have in his, her, or their cutoff or pofleflion, any worts, wa(h, tilts, or other fermented iiqoar; capable of being diftilied into low wines or fpirits, or (hall dip or extradl any low wines or fpirits from worts, wa(h, tilts, com, melafles, fugar, cyder, refufed wines, or other liquor, eray fuch perfon or perfons, fo being in pofteflion of any fuch na* ferials prepared or fit for the purpofe of being diftilied into low wines or fpirits, (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of ten pounds ht every gallon of fuch worts, wafli, tilts, or other fermcouA liquors.

XVI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadled by the a&tbo-No perfon to rity aforefaid, That no diftiller or diftillers, maker or makers of boil wort*, iow wines or fpirits, (hall boil, heat, or prepare, by means of otherveflel' ®rc> a°y worls» wa(h, or liquor, made from any of the maieri-tban a licenfed als aforefaid, in any copper, veffel, or other utenlil whatever ftill, on penal- other than a licenfed ftill, after fuch worts, wa(h, or liquor lias ty of aool. becn fermented, but that all worts, wa(h, liquor, or other materials, (hall, after fermentation, be fairly put into his, her, or their licenfed ftill or ftills, without having undergone boOing, heating, or any preparation by means of fire, whereby the pro-cefs of diftillation may be (hortened, accelerated, or attempted to be (hortened or accelerated, on pain of forfeiting the fum of two hundred pounds for every fuch offence.

XVII.	And be it further enadled by the authority afareiaid,

No chemift. That no perfon or perfons, during the continuance of this etc. to ufe	r	5	(hall

*ool. pemlty for negUdt.

Digitized by Google

k 7B8.] Anno vicefimo odtavo GfeoRGU III. c. 45.	4 83

QiaJI carry on the trade or buiincfs of a chemift, druggift, or (fills without perfumer, or any other trade or bufinefs requiring the ufe of any licence;

{HU or ftills (except that of a rectifier or compounder of fpirits) in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, without firft taking oat. a licence for that purpofe, from the perfon or perfons nominated and appointed as aforefaid, and which licence the faid perfon or perfons (hall and is and are hereby required to grant accordingly to every fuch perfon applying tor,‘the fame, upon the payment of fuch fee for the fame as is herein-afrer diredted to be paid for fuch licence, but free from the payment of every duty of excifc; and every fuch licence fo granted (hall fpecify the chriftian name or names, and the furname or furnames, trade atid bufinefs^ of the perfon or perfons thereby licenfed, and the place where fuch trade or bufinefs is intended to be carried on, and the number of his, her, or their refpedlive (fill or (tills, and the Capacity or content thereof refpedlively; and no chemift, nor to hare druggift, or perfumer, or other person or perfons (except as ftills of a aforefaid) (hail ufe or have in his, her, or their cuftody or pof- greater capa-fefiion, in that part of Great Britaincalled Scotland, any (till or gan0lns*n0a0 (tills of any greater capacity or content than that of fifty gallons penalty of EngUJh wine meafure, upon pain of forfeiting the fum of two aool. hundred pounds.for every fuch (till; and every fuch licence (hail remain and continue in force, from the date thereof until the fifth day of July which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine ; and if any fuch che« Chemifti,etc. mift, druggift, perfumer, or other perfon or perfons (rectifiers uf}DS and compounders excepted) (hall ufe any (till or ftills for anyA^ccUetc to purpofe whatever, without firft taking out fuch licence for theAf0rfcjt'10oi# fame, or (hall make ufe of any other (till or (tills than fuch as (hall be fpecified in fuch licence, or (hall make ufe of any fuch licenfed (till or (tills at any place other than the place which (hall be fpecified in the faid licence, or in any houle or place other than his, her, or their ufual dwelling, or known place of carrying on his, her, or their trade and bufinefs, every fuch perfon or perfons (hall refpeCtively forfeit and lofe the fpm of two hundred pounds for every fuch offence.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That for and upon the content or capacity of every (till of one Fee*tobepaid

hundred and twenty gallons, or upwards, for which any licence qn taking out

(hall be granted under and by virtue of this adl, in that part of liccncc8-

Great Britain called Scotland, there (hall be paid, by the perfon

or perfons taking out fuch licence, a fee after the rate of one

penny per gallon; and for every other licence to be granted by

virtue of this adt, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, a

fee of five (hillings ; which feesfhall be received by and belong

to the officer or officers, or other perfon or perfons appointed to

grant foch licences as aforefaid ; and the perfon or perfons who

(hall beintitled to the benefit of jthe faid fees (hall alfo keep an

exadl regifter of all the licences which (hall be granted by virtue

of this ad*, fpecifying the number and particulars of each.

XIX.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enadted by

the

Digitized by

Google



484.	Arino	vicefimo	oftavo	Georgii	III. c* 46.	[1fl/L

Licences for the authority aforefaid, That if it (hall be made appear, to #t ftiilsofgreater fetisfaftion of the faid com million ers of excite, that any uGdtt 5oPgaUon8 Proce^cs or experiments in chemiftry, in that part of Gnrt may be grant- Britain called Scotland, (hall require a ftill or (tills of greater odfa cd to carry on tent or capacity than that of fifty gallons, Engltjb wine meafifl% chemical ex- ^ aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid cod £"mcnt8’ miffioners to authorife and direft a licence to be granted to Aft owner or owners o* fuch chemical work or works, to ufe, nr the purpofes aforefaid, a ftill or ftills of larger content or capaehf than as aforefaid; which licence (hail be in force from tbe did thereof until the fifth day. of July which (hall be in the ycarof our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, and far each fuch licence a fee of five (hillings, and no more; (haft fa paid to the perfon or perfons, officer or officers, appointed-* aforefaid; and which faid chemical work9, iffpecified m tbe fad • order of the commiflioners^ and in fuch licence, to be (cent works, (hall not be liable to vifitation by any officer or often of excife, excepting only under the conditions and limitatkMf according to which the chemical works which are or (hril fa carried on by Archibald earl of Dundonald, his executors, adoi-niftrators, or afligns, (hay or can be lawfully vifited and examined, as hercin-after mentioned and exprefled.

XX.	Provided alio, and be it further enafted by the autbo-5?i !f urcr for tlt7 aforefaid, That if, upon any fuch vifitation or examination,

rits to^Tor-	** ^oun<* l^at any	w ^oc*1 l*r8cr

feited, and tenc or capacity, has or have been ufed in the diftilling cd fpwits,

alfo aool. low wines, or wa(h, worts, or tilts prepared from any of tbt

materials aforefaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of

the faid order and licence, fuch ftill or ftills, and all tbe utcofijf

thereto belonging, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be fmdi

by any officer or officers of excife, and the owner or owaai

thereof (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of two hundred pounds.

XXL And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Officers may That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any officer or officers boufcs.^and °* exc,k, in Part °f Great Britain called Scotland, to enter any wort or by day or night into the ftill-houfe, or other place or plaoes ftills found in where any ftill or ftills (whether the fame be licenfed or riotii-preparation cenfed) (hall be kept, worked or ufed, or where any worts, wafhy thfc ad to I°w w»nes, or fpirits, are prepared, drftilled, or kept, and to be forfeited, examine the fame; and in cafe any ftill or ftills (hall be there and alfo a obi. found in a ftate of preparation for being worked, the fame net having been duly licenfed, or in cafe any worts, wa(h, low wines or fpirjts, (hall be there found contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft, every fuch ftill or ftills and the liquor therein, with all the utenfils and implements thereto belonging or therewith ufed, and alfo fuch worts, wafh, low wines, and fpirits, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife; and the perfon or perfons in whole cuftody or pofleffion any fuch ftill, worts, wafh, low wines, or fpirits (hall be found, (hall forfeit two hundred pounds.

XXII,	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

c	That

■3 Anno vkeGmo o&avo Georgii III. c. 46,	485

no raw or uare<5tified fpirits made from any of the materi- No fpirits to ttdaid for fale or corvfumption, in that part of Great - {* removed tiled Stotlaudy fhall be removed or fent from the place of n^™^0^rma* aniafaxSlure, without bein^ accompanied by a certificate without cer-ibeft at fuch place, at the time of their removal, by the Ii- tificatc from I <fSffiller or maker thereof, or his known and auihorifed t|jc maker.*of exprefling that the fame were made by fuch Ii- on p«S-i ewtiller, fpecifying the kind and quantity of fuch fpirits, ty of for-imber of ca(ks or packages in which the fame are contain- feiturc. c perfon to whom and the place to which the fame are to t9 and limiting a reafonable time within which the fame fee removed and received; and that all fuch fpirits which hs removed or conveyed by land or by water, from one 1 Shetland to any other part m Scotland, without being aerated with fuch certificate, or which (hall be found not to poad or agree therewith in all or any of the refpedts afore-or Chall be found removing, or to have been removed con-iiercto, or after the fame hath been expired, (hall, toge-rirh the cafks, vcflels,*or other packages containing the ’irit&g be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any of-ir officers of excife.

nil. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, ' no permit or permits (hall be requifite for the firft removal pherlJ1{.s for r or t|nrc<Slified fpirits, in that part of Great Britain called Jnoval of raw 1dp from the place or places where the fame were made or fpirits, not fiftSfared, to any other place or places whatfoever in that requifite. af,Great Britain Called Scotland* any thing in this or any or adls of parliament to the contrary notwithfianding. nv. Provided always, and be it further enadted by the rity aforefaid. That nothing in this adt contained (hall cx- R«&r or fee conjlrued to extend, to repeal, alter, or change, JJherefofee 8f or adls now in force for the furveying and keeping a re- t0 furvCy8, account of the (locks of redtifiers and compounders, etc. rs In and retailers of fpirits, in that part of Great Britain t Scotland, but that fuch rectifiers, compounders, dealers, etailers, (hall remain fubjedt to the furveys of the officers die, and to all other rules and regulations, made and pro-I by any law now in force, relative to redlifiers, com-ders* dealers, or retailers, faving and excepting that fuch Sera and compounders, as well as makers or diftillers, in part of Great Britain called Scotland, may fend out, and that re&iiiers and compounders may receive Britijb-made s, of whatever (trength he, (he, or they may think proper, onfumpticn or fale in that part of Great Britain called Scot-

XV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, t every officer of excife who (hall, in that part of Great Bri- Rewards to called Scotland, feize and bring to condemnation any dill bv a& made liable to feizure and forfeiture, (except in the calc lo^rlon^dif-ch ftUl or (tills being leized on the difeovery of any other covering Rills m in the manner herein-after fpecified), (hall be intitled to liable tofei-

a re- zurc> €tc*

Digitized by Google

486	Anno	vicefiino	o&avo	Georgii	HI. c. 46.	[178!,

2	reward of two (hillings and fixpence for every gaUen oftte content or capacity of fuch dill, including the head thereof, to be paid out of his Majefty’s duties of excife in Scotland, uponap order from the faid commiflioners of excife, Which order the (aid commiflioners are hereby authorifed and required to grant: provided nevertbelefs, that ftich reward /hall not exceed the fum of twenty-one pounds for any one dill To feized as aforefaid : arid if any perfon (not being an officer of excife) fhall make difcovetr of any dill liable to feizure and forfeiture as aforefaid, fo as that the fame fhall be feized and condemned, fuel) perfon or perfaa> (hall be intitled to a reward of one (hilling and fixpence for even gallon of the capacity or content of fuch dill, to be paid on tli condemnation thereof; provided alfo, that fuch reward fhall not exceed the fum of ten pounds arid ten (hillings for any one foil fo forfeited as lad aforefaid * and the officer or officers of excite . by whom the fame fhall be feized, (hall alfo be intitled to a reward of one (hilling for every gallon of the content or capacity of fuch dill, fo that fuch lad mentioned reward dlaii not, tot any one dill, exceed the fum of fen pounds and ten (hillings; artef that fuch feveral rewards (hall be paid by the order of the faid commiflioners of excife as aforefaid; and if, by reafon of the (mall fize of any fuch dill or dills, the faid commidhmers of excife fhall think any of the rewards aforefaid infufficient, the laid commiflioners fhall, and they are hereby authorifed to augment the fame refpedttvely, not exceeding the refpedttve fums aforc-faid.

Officers not XXVI. And be it further enadted, That if arty officef ofex-feizing ftills cjfc (^all, for the fpace of twenty-four hours after he (hall hav* after inform*- received information of any dill being unlawfully eccdted, ufed,or tion, tobe dif- kept, or of any wort, wadi, tilts, of low wines, prepared ami mifled, etc.; intended to be unlawfully ufed in didilfation, wilfully neglcdtto feize the fame refpedlively, every fuch officer fo offending fhall, upon complaint made thereof, and proof of the fadt, to the fatif-faclion of the commiflioners of excife in Scotland, be difoiified from his or their office, and fhall never afterwards be capable of ind the per- tefving his Majefty in any office or place of trud whatever: and fon making fhall moreover forfeit and lofe all fuch falarj as fhatl be due to the complaint him at the time of his difmiffion; and in calc the perfon or per-fiSr" ifhVaifo k	complaint fhall be the fafne perfon or peribns

gave'the in- ° gave information as aforefaid to the officer or officers fo formation, to difmiffed, fuch perfon or perfons fhall be intitled to a reward of be paid is. 6d. one (lulling and fixpence tor every gallon of the content or capa-

Sbc contents	^ or » to PaM* ty l^e orc^er of the faid

ofCthe ftills. * commiffioners of excife out of the revenues of excife.

XXVII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Still raafcers That every maker of ftills, in that part of Great Britain called annuaf fi-tan Scotland^	from and after fifth day of yufy one thoufand

cence; to feven hundred and eighty-eight, take out a licence from the of-ftamp their deer fo to be authorifed as aforefaid to grant the fame, and (hail ftills, and give pay a fee of five (hillings for fuch licence, and no more; and every fuch maker ®r makers fhall Aamp his or their name or

'	names,

Penalty on not giving notice.

1788.] Arno viedimo oftavo G*o8GII HI. c. 46.	487

names, and the progreffive number, and the content or capacity they may be of ,^jr/ry ftiil made by him, her, or them, upon the (houlder gaug'd.

and'in order that the content of the faid ftiil or dills iW£ be diftirxf\ly afeertained, the faid maker or makers (hall,

Mjf Jre, (he, and they, is and are hereby required, within three o»s after finifhing any ftiil, to give notice to the officer of ex-cjm of thedivifion where fuch ftiil hath beep fo made, that the {rate is ready to be gauged and (lamped ; and fuch officer is hereby required, within three days after fuch notification, to gauge ftlch ftiil, and to grant a certificate, fpecifying the number, content, and maker’s name or names of fuch ftiil; and in c?fe any fuch maker or makers (hall fail to give fuclr notice to the faid officer as aforefaid, fuch maker or makers (hall forfeit and pay the* fum often (hillings for each gallon of the content or capacity of ttery fuch dill fo made by him, her, or them.

XXVlII.	And be it further enaited by the authority afore-f*id, That if any perfon or perfons (hall import or bring any ftiil Perfons im-6r nifls in Scotland from that part of Great Britain called England, porting ftiil* ftrirom foreign parts, fuch perfon or perfons (hall, within three io^venotice lays after the arrival of fuch ftiil or dills, give notice of the num- to the officers, bet, (ize, and content of the fame, and of the place where the on penalty of fame is depofited, to the officer of tl>e divifion, diftriit, place, i°h» or bounds 5 and fuch officer (hall, within twenty hours after the receipt of fuch notice, gauge and (lamp, or caufe to be gauged 4ffld damped, the faid ftiil or dills, in the fame manner as is herein-before directed in the cafe of a ftiil or dills being made in ScMlcnd-, and if the perfon or perfons who (haft fo import or being any dill or dills into Scotland, (hall negleil or omit to give fcch notice thereof as aforefaid, he, (he, or they (hall forfeit and Idle the fum of fifty pounds for every ftiil fo imported or brought; and in cafe any fuch ftiil or dills (hall be ereited without being ar*d any fuch previoufly gauged and marked by the proper officer of excife, eifery fuch dill or dills (hall be forfeited and loft, and the owner gauged by the ahd owners thereof (hall alfo forfeit and pay the dim of fifty officer, to be pounds, over and befides all other penalties and forfeitures to be forfeited, and incurred for the unlawful ufing the fame: provided always, al(°*o!*

Thaj nothing in this ail contained (hall difeharge or acquit any This a<$ not diftiller or other perfon from any penalty or forfeiture already t0 difcnarge incurred under any former ait of aits for granting any duties 2eraijyCform-upon WQrts, wafh, or other liquor, or other duties, or frotp pay- Cr aits, etc. thfcnt of any arrears of fuch duties which, prior to the com- nor to alter mencement of this ail, (hall remain unpaid, nor (hall any thing any law now in this ail contained extend, or be conftrued to extend, to re- JJJ, ^tof peal or alter any law or laws now in force, with refpeit to the Geo. j. making of Britijb fpirits for exportation to foreign parts, or to c.12.; repeal or alter any part of an ail made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled, An aft for repealing fa much of an afty made in the loft Jetton of parliament, as relates to the QipUation of corn fpirits in fmallfills > in certain counties or difrifts of the Highlands in that part of Gvtzx Britain called Scotland ; and hr outborifing the commijfioners of excife in Scotland to grant licences * Vol. XX^VJ.	£	K	*	0

Digitized by Google

488	Anno vicefimo oftavo GeorGil IH* c* [ *781

to perfons, living in the faid counties or diflrifls, todifiil/pints fnm barley, bar, or bigg, the growth of the faid counties,	/ir imp/f

• ing a duty on fuch licences), nor to prejudice the right and prm* lege granted to Archibald ear] of Dundonald, his executors, ad-miniftrators, and affigns, by an ad patted in the twemy-fifth or is Geo. 3. year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled. An a fl for

s.	vefting in Archibald earl Dundonald, his executors, admiuiflrs-

tors, and aligns, the jole vje and property of a method of extrafling tr making tar, pitch, effential oils, volatile alkali, mineral acids, falts, and cinders, from pit coal, throughout his Majeffs dominions, frr a limited time).

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the Earl of Dun- authority aforefaid, That, notwithftanding any thing in the && ^uToffice/anC mentlon?^ a& contained, the faid earl, his executors, ad-account of miniftrators, or affigns, (hall be, and he or they is and are here-his dills, etc. by required to deliver to the officer or officers of excife of the £•

vifion, diftrid, place, or bounds, within which any of his of their faid works or dills are or (hall be ereded, an account ia writing, fpecifying the number of his or their faid ftills, with a defeription of the fame, and the purpofes for which fuch fi3it were refpedively ereded ; referring to any of hisMajefty’s officers of excife, under the conditions and limitations herein-after fped-fied, at all lawful hours, to vifit fuch work or works, and fuel dill or dills, and to examine, by all proper means, the liquor or matter coming from the faid dill or dills ; but not to open the faid dill or dills, unlcfs the faid officer or officers (hall not otherwife be allowed to examine *he liquor or matter coming from the faid dill or dills.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it further enabled by the Officernotto authority aforefaid, That it (hall not be in the power of anyof-l^dThi ^ccr or °®ccrs exc^e vifit or infppd the faid workhoufeot workhoufea workhoufes, or the faid dill or dills, or houfe or houfes, or without an places thereto belonging, unlefs the faid officer or officers (hall order from have previoudy obtained an order from the commiflioners of €*• the commif- cjfe? or the major part 0f them, in England andScotland refpec-

^vely, or (hall proceed upon a figned information in writing, formation of and upon oath made and reduced alfo into writing, before any the ftills he- one or more of the faid commiflioners of excife, or before any k^dY one or morc Majcfty,sjuflices °f x^c peace, certifying that wor c * the faid works or dills in the faid ad deferibed, in place of being bdna fide ufed for the pdrpofes therein mentioned, are or have been ufed in extrading low wines or fpirits from wort, wafli,or other materials whatfoever; in which cafe fuch written inforpoa-tlon, and oath, and warrant proceeding thereupon, (hall be lodged if required with the manager of the faid works fo vifited,

1 upon the faid manager’s granting a receipt for the fame; and if the faid dill or dills (hall be at fuch vifitation, or (hall bare bees previoudy ufed after being'ereded in the &id works, for the pur; pofe of diddling wafh, worts, low wines, or fpirits, contrary to -the true intent and meaning of the faid ad, fuch dill or dills, apd ytenfils belonging thereto, (hall be feized and forfeited as

ynJiccuW

Digitized by

Google

1788.7 Anno viccfimo oftavo Georgii III. c.4$T unliccnfed Bills, and the owners and ufers thereof fubjedted to the pains and penalties in that behalf made and provided by this

XXXI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the fcveral rates and duties granted and impofed by any ict or a&s of parliament now in force upon any licence required to be taken by any diBiller or maker of fpirits from corn, malt, or other materials, in Scotland, (fave only and except any arrears now due in refpedt of fuch rates or duties), (hall be difeontinued for the fpace of one year.

XXXII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That on the fixth day of July9 in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, an account (hall be taken, by the proper officers of excife, of the Bock of Briiijb fpirits then on hand at the feveral and refpedtive licenced diBilleries in that part of Great Britain called Scotland \ and a return thereof (hall be made in writing bv fuch officers to the commiflioners of excife in Scotland; and if fuch fpirits, or any part thereof, thall be*intended to be fent into that part of Great Britain called England, notice thereof (hall be immediately given to fuch officer or officers, by fuch diBiller or diBillers, fpecifying therein the quantity and kind of fpirits fo intended to be fent into that part of Gnat Britain called England; and the faid fpirits, and every part thereof, (hall thereupon be forthwith fecured and locked up in a warehoufe or warehouses, to be provided at the expence of fuch diBiller or diBillers, and approved of by the faid com-miffioners of excife in Scotland, each of which warehoufes (hall be fecured under three locks and three keys, one of fuch loci^s to be provided by fuch diBiller, and the other two locks to be provided by the furveyor, fupervifor, or officer of excife of the divifion or place where fuch fpirits (hall be locked up, at the expence of fuch diBiller or diBillers, whereof one key of each place (hall be kept by fuch diBiller or diBillers, and another by fuch furveyor or fupervifor, and the third by fuch officer of excife, until the fame fpirits and every part thereof (hall be delivered out to be (hipped for England as aforefaid, and the faid fpirits (hall not be delivered or taken out thereform for any other pur-pofe or purpofes whatever, except as is herein-after provided and excepted, nor without a permit or permits from the proper officer or officers of excife, certifying that the faid fpirits were made or diBilled before the faid (ixth day of July, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, and had been taken account of and locked up as aforefaid.

XXXIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That all fuch fpirits of which an account (hall have been fo taken, and which (hall have been fo fecured as aforefaid, may be (hipped for exportation from that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to that part of Great Britain called England, and cleared outwards at the cuBom-houfe of the port where the fame (hall be fo (hipped, at any time or times before the tenth day of Qdobir in th$ year on^ thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight;

K k a	and

-	Google

4*9

Duty upon licences to dif-tillers, to be difeontinued for a year.

On July 6, 1788, the ftock of fpirits atthe licenfed diftillerie8 in Scotland, to be taken ; and notice of any part thereof intended to be fent to England, to be given to the officer, which is to be locked up in the manner herein di reded, and not delivered without a permit.

Spirits fo fecured may be (hipped and cleared ont any time before Odober 10,1788;

49&	Anno	vitefimp	oftavn	GeORGII	1U. c. 46.	[	1	?8S.

and may be and (hall and may be itap6rted to, and landed in that part of landCfublcag* Great Britain called England^ under the like rules, reftri&iom, tcfthe outies regulations, conditions and provifions, and fubject and liable tt and regula- the fame duties, upon being brought into England, as is and are tions of *7 contained in an act pf parliament made in the rwenty-fcvcmh Qeo, j.p. 13? year of the reign of his prefen? Majefty, (intituled, AnaOfu repealing the fever#! dutiei of tufloms and excife, and granting mhtf pities in lieu thereof and for applying the faid duties, together mtb the other duties eompofing the publick revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the predate or manufacture of the European dominions of the French ding* intothis kingdom; ana for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of dm national debt)$ and in another aft of parliament made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his (aid Majefty, (intituled, An ah for charging an additional duty on fpirits manufactured 9 Scotland and imported into England), for or in refpeft of Britp fpirits made or diddled in Scotland, and brought from thence into any other part of the united kingdom on or before the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight; anything in this aid contained to the contrary notwithftanding: provided always, That in cafe any fuch didiller or didillers dial), (mot before the faid tenth day of October one thoufand feyeo hundred and eighty-eight, find it more expedient to take out facb fpirta, or any part of the fame as (hall have been fo locked up as afore-faid, for falcand confumption in that part of Great Britain cdted Scotland, or for reftification, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commiflioners Of excife in Scotlandi upon application to them made, to order and allow fuch fpirits to be fo taken oatef fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, under the infpeftion of the proper furvfcyor or fupemfor and officer of excife of the diftrid, tf-vifion, or place, wherein the faid fpirits (hall have been Secured as aforefaid.

XXXIV.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, Thatif,after taking fuch (lock as aforefaid* any diftilter or didillers, to fctam fuch dock (hall belong, (hail not take out a licence for diftiffint under this aft, for and during the year from the fifth day tfjdf bne thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, then and in tbit cafe no fuch fpirits, nor any part thereof, (hall, after the firth day of July aforefaid, be removed or fent out from the pofle&on t>f the (aid didiller or didillers, without a regular permit or permits from the proper officer or officers of excife, who is and are hereby authorifed and required to gjant the fame according to the direftions and regulations of the fevettd dilutes in that cafe made and provided; any thing in this aft contained to the wo* trary in any ways notwithdanding.

XXXV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every didiller and diftilters Who (haH be defirms of

making fpirits making or ’diddling fpirits in that part of Great Britain called bew'ortrdto	*or exPort:ation from thence to that part of Great Bri-

8coUaud,%nd u*n ca^cd Scotland, dr of shaking or diddling fpirits in thatpirt

and *8 Geo. J.c. 4.

Commi (Boners of excife Way allow fpirits fo fe-icured, to be taken out for fale in Scotland! etc.

Jf didillers, to whom frocks fo taken belong, do not take out a licence for a year, no part thereof to be removed without a permit.

Diftillers

Digitized by

Google

788.] Anno viceflmo b&ato Georgii III. c. 46.	4<jt

f Gr#4/ Britain called Scotland* for exportation from thence Id codtrariwife, hat part of Gr^/ Britain called England* (hall, four days atto a lie lead before he, (he, or they (hall begin to brew any corn cntryof ftlllt >r grain, or to mix any other materials for the making of ct(?, ^	9

vaflv to be diftilled into low wines, in order to extra# fpirits or fcxch exportation as aibrcfaid, make a true and partipulaf ftfry in writing at the next office of excife within the limits whereof bis, her, or their workhoufe, ftillhoufe, ftorehoufe, rarehQufe, or other place for diftilling or keeping wafh, low pioca, or fpirits, is or (hall be fituatr, of all and every (till, ttppcr, tun, wafh-back, calk, or other veflel, which he, (he, jr they (hall make ufe of for the brewing, diftilling, working, making, laying, or keeping any worts, wa(h, low wines, or spirits j and alio of the calks or vefieis which every fuch diftil-kr or diftillers (hall make ufe of, for the brewing, holding, or keeping of the afterrrunnmgs or feints from the lecond extraction, which (hall from time to time be drawn from every fucli ftiU \ and alfo of all and every workhoufe, ftillhoufe, ftorehoufe, warehouse, or other place by him, her, or them, ufed for the preparing, diftilling, or keeping wa(h, low wines, or fpirits} and (hall alfo give or leave at the faid office of excife, a notice io writing, fpecifying therein the day when he, (he, or they dull intend to begin firft to brew any corn or grain, or to mix apy other materials for the making of wa(h to be diftilied into low wines, in order to extra# fpirits for fuch exportation as aforefaid; and in fuch notice (hall alfo fpecify from what materials he, (he, qt they intends or intend to make fuch fpirits for fuch exportation as aforelaid ; that is to fay, whether from corn, grain, malt, cy- and give under, perry, or other wa(h or liquor made or brewed from Brilijb	ndt^

materials, or any mixture therewith, or from melafles or fu- begin to^rew gw, or any mixture therewith, or from foreign refufed wine, any corn, etc. or foreign cyder, or wa(h prepared from foreign materials (except melafles and fugar), or any mixture therewith, and (hall afterwards, from time to time, during the continuance of fuch entry, give or leave notice, in writing, at fuch office of excife, or with the officer of excife for the divifion or place where fuch fpirits are intended to be made, four hours at the leaft before he, ffie, or they (hall begin any fuch fubfequent brewing or mixing, and in fuch notice (hail fpecify the hour, when he, (he, or they (hall intend to begin; and (hall alfo, from time to time, during the continuance of fuch entry, give or leave notice in writing at fuch office of excife, or with fuch officer of excife, four hours at the leaft before any walh is pumped up,	*

or otherwife conveyed into his, her, or their ftill or ftills, and lhall fpecify in fuch notice the hour when he, (he, or they (hall intend to begin ; and if he, (he, or they (hall neglect or refufe Penalty of tomakefcich entry as aforefaid, or to give fuch refpedtive no- iool.f°r notices as aforelaid, every fuch diftillcr or diftillers, for every fach f^^ntr^or offence, (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds $ and if g-lve fQch no-fech diftiller or diftillers, having given fuch notice or notices tice. u aforefaid, (hall not begin and "proceed in fuch refpedtjve Diftillers not „	K	k	3	opera-	beginning

Digitized by Goode

492

their operations in an hour after the time fpecified in their notices; to give frefh ones, on penalty of iool.

No diftillers permitted to make entry, or give notice of intention to make fpi-rita in England to export to Scotland, or in Scotland to export to Eng and, whofe ttiils are not of the capacity herein mentioned, &c.;

and fuch diftillers to take out fuch licence as is herein-after mentioned.

Manner of granting fuch licences.

Anno vicefimo odavo Georgii 111. c. 46*	[	1	/SI.

operations at the hour and time or times mentioned in fochi^ fpe&ive notices, or within one hour next afterwards, then every fuch notice and notices refpcdively (hall be, and is and are bew* by declared to be null and void, and every fuch diftilier ani diftillers (hall be obliged to give a frefh and like notice or a* t,ices as aforefaid as the cafe may require ; and in cafe any Ml diftilier or diftillers (hall begin any fuch refpcctive operatim without giving fuch fre(h notice or notices refpedtively, in <ak fuch firft notice or notices (hall refpedively become void, tlw, and in every fuch cafe, fuch diftilier and diftillers fo ofirming fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hondroft pounds.

XXXVI.	Provided always, That nothing herein contaM (hall extend to permit or authorise any diftilier or diftilier* to enter or give notice of his intention to make fpirits, inthat part of Great Britain called England, for exportation (torn* thence to that part of Gnat Britain called Scotland, whofe wall ftill will not contain one thoufend fix hundred gallons, and Ihe fpirit of low wine ftill eight hundred and fifty gallons, nor to permit or authorife any diftilier or diftillers to enter or give notice of his intention' to make fpirits in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for exportation from thence to that pair of Great Britain called England, whofe wa(h ftill will not obtain two hundred gallons, and the fpirit or low wine ftill fifty gallons; neither (hall any diftilier or diftillers be intitied or permitted to diftil fpirits for fuch exportation as aforefaid, although he, (he, or they may have made an entry as afordUrf* unlefs he, (he, or they (half actually have diftilled into (pints all the wa(h and low wines in his, her, or their cuftody or pot feffion, for the making of fpirits for home confumption, atleaft forty-eight hours before the day mentioned in fuch entry.

XXXVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore-faid, That all and every diftilier and diftillers, and maker and makers of fpirits in that part of Great Britain called Engtmly for exportation from thence to that part of Gnat Britain called Scotland, (hall, before he, (he, or they (hall begin to make fpirits for fuch exportation as aforefaid, take out fuch licence hercin-after mentioned, as the cafe may require, authoring luch diftilier and diftillers, and maker and makers of fpirits, to make fpirits for fuch exportation as aforefaid; and fuch licences refpe&ively (hall be granted in manner herein-after mentioned ; that is to fay, If any fuch licence (hall be granted to authorife the diftilier or diftillers, or maker or makers of (pints, to whom the fame (hall be granted, to make fpirits for fuchex-portation as aforefaid, within the limits of the chief office of cxcife in London, the fame (hall be granted under the hands «id feals of two or more of the commiflioncrs of excife in Engird for the time being, or of fuch perfons as they the faid com-miffioners of excife, or the major part of them for the time being, (hall from time to time appoint for that purpofe; but if any fuch licence dial] be granted to authorife the diftilier or

diftillers,

Digitized by LjOoq le

1788.]	Anno vicefimo 6&avo Georgii III. c. 46.	493

Uftiliers, or maker or makers of fpirits, to whom the fame

hall be granted, to make fpirits for fuch exportation as afore*

aid in any part of the kingdom of England not within the faid

icnits, the fame (hall be granted under the hands and feals of

he collector and fupervifor pf excife of the colleflion or diftridt

n the kingdom of England within which the fame (hall autho-

ifc the diftiller or diftillers, or maker or makers of fpirits, to

whom the fame (hall be granted, to make fpirits for fuch ex* .

port at ion as aforefaid $ and fuch commiflioncrs of excife, or

wo or more of them, and the perfons to be appointed by the

faid com midi oners of excife in England, or the major part of

them, and alfo all fuch collectors and fupervifors, are hereby

refpe&Wely authorifed and required to grafnt licences to the

diftiller or diftillcTs, or maker or makers of fpirits, applying Thefollowing

for the fame, on fuch diftiller or diftillers, or maker or makers duties to be

of fpirits applying for the fame, firft paying for each fuch li- paid for Hccn-

cence which (hall be granted to authorife the diftiller or diftil- ^c.8.to.dl^11

iers, or maker or makers of fpirits, to whom the fame (hall be faid to export

granted to make fpirits for fuch exportation as aforefaid, the to Scotland,

fereral duties and fums of money following *, that is to fay, viz.

For and upon every gallon, Englijb wine meafure, of the For every gal-cubical content of each and every ftill, including the head, lonofthecon-which (hall be ufed or employed by fuch diftiller or diftillers, or maker or makers of fpirits, in that part of Great Britain called materials are England, for making low wines or fpirits from corn, grain, BritiA, 31. malt, tilts, cyder, or perry, or other wa(h or liquor made or brewed from any fort of Briti/b materials, or any mixture therewith, for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the fum of three pounds:

For and upon every gallon, Englijb wine meafure, of the if melafles or cubical content of each and every ftill, including the head, fugar, which (hall be ufed or employed by any fuch diftiller or diftillers, or maker or makers of fpirits, in that part of Great Bri-tain called England, for making low wines or fpirits from me-laffes or fugar, or any mixture therewith, for fuch exportation as aforefaid, the fum of five pounds:

For and upon every gallon, Englijb wine meafure, of the cu- and if foreign bical content of each and every ftill, including the head, which*	winc*

(hall be ufed or employed by any fuch diftiller or diftillers, or &c* 6A* maker or makers of fpirits, in that part of Great Britain called England^ for making low wines or fpirits from foreign refufed wine or foreign cyder, or wa(h prepared from foreign materials (except melaftes and fugar), or any mixture therewith, for fuch exportation as aforefaid, the fum of fix pounds.

Which faid refpeftivc duties and fums of money (hall be paid by fuch perfon or perfons, and at the refpt&ive times and in the manner herein-after mentioned.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore* Licencestobe faid, That no perfon or perfons fhall begin to brew any corn taken out 10 or grain, or to mix any other materials for the making of wafh to be dift.llcd into low wines in order to extract fpirits, in that {^gm to*

K k 4	part

' Digitized by L.ooQle

r

be diftillcd for exportation to Scotland*

Penalty of

ccncc.

Manner of piytn* the

494	Anno vicefimo oSaro Georgn HI. c. 46. f 1788.

wake^wafli to part of Great Britain called England, for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, unlefs fuch per-(bn or perfons (hall take out fuch licence, in the manner as h in that behalf therein-before directed, ten days at the lead before he, (he, or they (hall begin to brew any corn or grain, ot to mix any other materials for the making of wafh to be ditiii-kd into low wines, in order to extract fpirits for fuch exportation as aforefaid ; and if any perfon or perfons (hall begin to aocl. for neg- brew any corn or grain, or to mix any other materials for the oin(dct?H^g making of wa(h to be diftillcd into low wines, in order to ex-u l* traft fpirits, in that part of Great Britain called England, for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called Shetland, without taking out fuch licence as is in that behaK herein-before direfted, the perfon or perfons fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds.

XXXIX. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every diftiller and diftiller s, and maker and -	~	makers	of fpirits, in that part of Great Britain called England,

licenced fUC w^° ta^e out ^ence as in l^at behalf is before direft-cd, (hall immediately pay down the proportion of the duty from the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, to the day of granting fuch licence, and alfo one fixth part of the money hereby diiefted to be paid for fuch licence fo to be taken out, and (hall at the end of every two months, to be reckoned from the time of taking out fuch licence, pay down another fixth part of the money to be paid for fuch licence, until the whole of the money hereby direfted to be paid for fuch licence (hail be fully paid.

XL. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, To whom the That the laid feveral fums of money to be paid for fuch li-arc t0 cences refpeftively (hall be paid to fuch perfons as are hereinafter in that behalf refpeftively mentioned ; that is to fay, fuch thereof as (hall be paid for licences which (hall be granted to authorife any perfon or perfons to make fpirits for fuch exportation as aforefaid within the limits of the chief office ofex* cife in London, (hall be paid to the faid commiffioners of excile in England for the time being ; and fuch thereof as (hall be paid for fuch licences which (hall be granted to authorife any perfoa or perfons to make fpirits for fuch exportation as aforefaid in any part of the kingdom of England not within the limits of the chief office of excife in London, (hall be paid to the refpetliie collectors of excife granting fuch refpeftive licences.

XLI. And be it further fcnafted by the authority aforeiaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the commiffioners of excife, in England, and they are hereby authorifed and required, to allow and repay to ail and every diftiller and diftil-lers, and maker and makers of fpirits, in that part of Greet fpirits for ex- Britain called England, who (hall be duly licenfed according portation.and t0 ljlc directions of this aft, and (hall have withdrawn bis, her, for home con7- or t^c*r entry for making fpirits for (uch exportation as aforc-furiptioDjto £aidf and (hall afterwards have made due entry for making fpirits

We paid.

Diftillers in Fn^land wiihirawing their entries for making

Digitized by

Google

7*80 Anna vkcGmo o&avo GeorgiI III. c.46.	495.

it* for home confumption in that part of Great Britain called he allowed an Eiafgknd, a proportional abatement of the licence duty paid by	.

udt diftiller or diftillers, or maker or makers of fpirits, for or lctnc€ ^uty, sa refjpe# of the capacity or content of his, her, or their li- at follows, ’ rented ftill or ftills, correfponding, as herein-after mentioned, viz* o the time during which he, (he, or they (hall ufe or employ fucb his, her, or their dill or ftills, for the making low wines i>r fpirits from any of the materials aforefaid, for home con-fumption, in that part of Great Britain called England; (that is to fay).

Far every day, during which he, foe, or they (hall ufe or employ any hcenfed dill or dills, to him, her, or them be- JJMkinVfW-lortging, for making low wines or fpirits from corn, grain, ntsjf from malt, tilts, cyder, or periy, or other wafo or liquor made or Britilh mate-brewed from any fort of Britijb materials, or any mixture rials, *d. and therewith, for home confumption as aforefaid, two-pence and Jvery eaUon four-tenths of a penny for every gallon of the cubical content 0f the con-of each and every fuch ftill, including the head, fo ufed:	tents;

For every day, during which he, foe, or they (hall ufe or if from me-employ any fuch fall or ftills for making low wines or fpirits lafles or fa-from melaftes or fugar, or any mixture therewith, for homeK^^d.; confumption as aforefaid, four-pence for every gallon of the cubical content of each and every fuch ftill, including the head, fo ufed:

And for every day, during which lie, foe, or they (hall ufe or and if from emplov any fuch ftill or ftills, for making low wines or fpirits from foreign refufed wine or foreign cyder, or wafo prepared ^^^'and from foreign materials (except melaftes and fugar), or any mix- g.xoths. ture therewith, for home confumption as aforefaid, four-pence and eight-tenths of a penny for every gallon of the cubical content of fuch ftill, including the head, To ufed.

XLII. And be it further ena#ed by the authority aforefaid,

'That it (hall and may be lawful for the commiffioncrs of ex- Difttllcre in cife, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and they are Scotland ex-hereby authorised and required, upon proof being made to traamg^nts their lati$fa#ion, to allow or repay, within two months, to folTng* every diftiller or diftillers who (hall have given or left fuch no- land, to be al-tice as aforefaid, of his, her, or their intention to brew corn lowed an or grain, or to mix any other materials for the making of wafo f^e^ceooe to be diftilled into low wines, in order to extra# fpirits for ex-	fou

portation from that part of Great Britain called Scotland to that lows; viz. part of Great Britain called England, a proportional abatement of the licence duty paid by fuch diftiller or diftillers, for or in refpe# of the capacity or content of his, her, or thehr ftill or ftills, correfponding to the time during which he, (he, or they (hall ufe or employ any ftill or ftills for tiie making low wines os (pints from any of the materials aforefaid, for exportation from that part of Great Britain called Sciland to that part of

Great

*

Digitized by

496	Anno	viccfimo	oftavo	GeoRGII	III.	c.	46.	[17$$.

Great Britain called England, in the manner following ; that* to fay.

For every day

the ftill is ufcd por €Vcry jay, during which he, (he, or they (hall ofe rit^VfrorrT* or empl°y any hcenfed (till or ftills for the making of low Britilh mate- wines or fpirits from corn, grain, malt, tilts, cyder, or per-rial&,ad.and ry, or any fort of Britijh materials, or any mixture there* 4-10ths for with, for exportation as aforefaid, the fum of two pence and th^ccMitents^ fourteenths of a penny for every gallon of the cubical coft-’ tent of each and every fuch (till, including the head, fo ufod:

if from melaf-fes or fugar,

4d.;

and if from foreign refused wines, &c. 4d. and 3-xoths.

For every day, during which he, (he, or they (hall ufe or employ any fuch dill or ftills for the making of low wines or (pints from melafles or fugar, or any mixture therewith, for exportation as aforefaid, the fum of four* pence for every gallon of the cubical content of each and every fuch ftill, including the head, fo ufed :

For every day, during which he, (he, or they (hall ufe or employ any fuch ftill or ftills, for the making of low wines or fpirits from foreign refufed wine, or foreign cyder. Or waft prepared from foreign materials (except melafles and fugar), or any mixture therewith, for exportation as aforefaid, the fum of four-pence and eight-tenths of a penny for every galkxi of the cubical content of each and every fuch ftill, including the head, fo ufed.

XLIII. And be it further cnadled by the authority afore* Duties to be faid. That all and every fuch diftiller and diftillers (hadl from paid m a time to tjme pay an(j cjear Gff a|j the fajj duties, within one ofCforfeitingID week next after the refpedtivc days for or in refpeA whereof the double the6 fame accrued, on pain of forfeiting, for every ncgledf or refu-duty.	fal to pay the fame within fuch one week, double the fum of

the faid duties refpedtively.

XLIV. And be it further cnafted by the authority aforefaid, Penalty of That all and every diftiller and diftillers, and maker and ma* aool on di- kers 0f fpirits, in that part of Great Britain called England, for charffinK°wa(h exPortati°n from thence to that part of Great Britain called ftills as herein Scotland, and all and every diftiller and diftillers, and maker and directed, or makers of fpirits, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, not working for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called d5u£!n Engfondi flwll, before he, (he, or they (hall begin to draw off c* any low wines from his, her, of their wa(h (till, charge the fame with wort or wa(h, in the proportion of not lefs than four parts in five of the whdle quantity of liquor which fuch ftill, including the head, is capable of containing ; and that every fuch wafh ftill (hall be worked off within the fpace of twenty-four hours, to be computed from the time of the officers taking an account of the charge of fuch ftill; and that all and every fuch diftiller and diftillers, and maker and makers of fpirits, who (lull begin to draw off any low wines until his,

her,

Digitized by v^ooQle

x 7&8«] Anno vfcefimo oftavo Georoii III. c. 46.

her, or (heir wafh dill (hall have been charged in manner hereinbefore directed, or after having been fo charged (hail not work the fame off within fuch twenty-four hours, he, (he, or they (hall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds.

XLV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That every dill belonging to any didiller or didillers, or maker or makers of fpirits, in chat part of Great Britain called Scot-land, for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called England,, who (hall have begun to extract fpirits for fuch exportation as aforefaid, (hall be ufed and employed for the miking low wines or fpirits five days at the lead during the firll week, to be computed from the time when he, (he, or they (hall (6 begin to extra# fpirits for fuch exportation as aforefaid j and every fuch dilKfhall alfo, after fuch fird week, during the continuance of his, her, or their entry for exportation as aforefaid, be ufed and employed as aforefaid fuch number of days as herein-after mentidned; that is to fay, five days in every week during the continuance of fuch entry for exportation as aforefaid, betwixt the fifteenth day of November inclufive, and the fifteenth day of May exclufive; and four days in every week during the continuance of fuch entry for exportation as aforefaid, betwixt the fifteenth day of May inclufive, and the fifteenth day of November exclufive: and if any fuch didiller or didillers, or maker or makers, who (hall have begun to ex-trad fpirits for fuch exportation as aforefaid, (hall not ufe and employ every dill belonging to him, her, or them, for the making of low wines or fpirits, five days at the lead during the fird week, to be computed from the time when he, (he, or they (hall fo begin to extra# fpirits for fuch exportation as aforer faid $ or if fuch diftiller or didillers, or maker or makers, (hall not, after fuch fird week, during the continuance of his, her, or their entry for exportation as aforefaid, ufe and employ every fuch dill as aforefaid five days in every week during the continuance of fuch entry for exportation as aforefaid, betwixt the fifteenth day of November inclufive, and the fifteenth day of May exclufive; and four days in every week, during the continuance of fuch entry for exportation as aforefaid, betwixt the fifteenth day of May inclufive, and th^ fifteenth day of November exclufive* he, (he, or they, (hall, for each and every day in which fuch didiller or didillers, or maker or makers, (hall not ufe every dill to him, her, or them belonging, in manner as aforefaid, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

XLVI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That no wa(h which (hall be brewed or made according to the rules, regulations, and pfovifions of this a# for extra#ing low wines or fpirits for exportation from that part of Great Britain called England, to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall be charged or chargeable with any duty or duties of excife granted by any a# or a#s of parliament heretofore made.

XLVII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

Google

497

Diftiller# in Scotland, of fpirits for exportation to Eagland, to work as often as herein mentioned,on penalty of 50I. for each day’s omiflion.

Wafh for extracting fpi-ritsfor exportation from England to Scotland, not to be chargeable with excife duty.

Digitized by *

Diftillers for exportation in England and Scotland to produce to the officer the within mentioned quantities of fpi-rits from the within men* tioned quantities of waib;

and if the

proportion of (pints fall (nort, to pay the following duties, viz.

For every deficient gallon, if the materials be Bri-tifh, is. 9d.

if melafTes or fugar,i8. xod.

aq.

and if foreign refufed wine, &c. 5%.

Anna viccfimo o&zvo Gbqrqxi III. c. 45-	[178I.

fa id. That all and every diftiller or diftillers who Stall make at diftil fpirits, in that part of Gnat Britain called England, for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called Jutland \ or who (hall make or diftil fpirits in that part of Grigt Britain called Scotland, for exportation from thence to that part of Gnat Britain called England, (hall, for every one hundred gallons of wa(h prepared or made from corn, grain, malt^ tilts, yyder, or perry, or any fort of Britijb matenafa, or any mixture therewith, for extra&ing fpirits for exportation as afore* (aid, found in his, her, or their cuftody or poffcflion, betwixt the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, and the fixth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, produce to the fight of the officer or officers of excUe at leaft fixteen gallons and an half of fjpirits of the ftrength of one to ten over hydrometer proof; for every om hundred gallons of wt(h prepared or made from melafles or fugar, or any mixture therewith, for extracting fpirits for exportation as aforefaid, found in his. Iter, or their cuftody or poflefiioa, betwixt the days lad aforefaid, produce to the fight of the officer or officers of excife at leaft eighteen gallons uni an half of fpirits of the ftrength aforefaid; and for every one hundred gallons of wa(h prepared or made from foreign refufed wine, or foreign cyder, or wa(h prepared from foreign materials (except mcJalTes and fugar), or any mixture therewith, for extrading fpirits for exportation as aforefaid, found in his, her, or their cuftody or pofieffion, betwixt the days lift afore* faid, produce to the fight of the officer or officers of excife at leaft fixteen gallons and an half of fpirits of the ftrength aforefaid ; and that in every cafe where the produce of fpirits ex* traded by any fuch diftiller or diftillers betwixt the days aforefaid, (hall fall (hort of the proportions aforefaid, every fuch diftiller and diftillers (hall, and he, (he, and they, is and are hereby made chargeable with and (hall pay the following duties of excife for every gallon of fpirits which (hall be deficient of the quantities aforefaid ; that is to fay :

For every gallon of fuch fpirits from wa(h prepared or made from corn, grain, malt, tilts, cyder, or perry, or any fort of Britijh materials, or any mixture therewith, for extnding fpirits for exportation as aforefaid, two (hillings and nine-pence :'

For every gallon of fuch fpirits from wa(h prepared or made from melailes or fugar, or any mixture therewith, for extract* ing fpirits for exportation as aforefaid, two (hillings and ten-pence halfpenny:

And for every gallon of fuch fpirits from wafli prepared or made from foreign refufed wine, or foreign cyder, or wa(h prepared from foreign materials (except melaflbs and fugar), re any mixture therewith, for extracting fpirks for exportation as aforefaid, five (hillings:

Which rcfpcdUvc duties for fuch deficiencies refpetSlively (hall

be

Digitized by v^OoQle

17S8.} Anno vi&fimo o&avo GEorgi! ITT. c. 4tf.	499

yt paid by ftieh diftiller and diftillers rcfptdivcly on the day Pcrfoas mak-! aft afbrefaid; and if default (hall be made in any fuch pay- !ng dctau,t nent, the diftiller and diftillcrs refpe&iVely making fuch de- foi^eU^ouble imlt (Kail forfeit double the amount of the duty by this a6t itn- the duty. >6fcd for or irt refpedl of fuch deficiency.

XLVIII. Jndy for the preventing frauds which dijliliers for fab+exfurtation as of or efaid may commit, by privately removing and tomeaaliog the wajb* iow watts* or fpirits, and in order that the of -	'

fair may obtain true gauges 'of the fame, be it further enadted by the authority a fore fa id, That no wa(h that (hall be brewed or mixed by any fuch diftiller or diftiller* for extrading fpiritl Regulaticms for fuch exportation as afofefaid, (hall be pumped up into the ftiH or dills, or otherwife removed from the back or veffel backs, aad wherein the fame was fermented, but in the prefence of the of- fpirits for ex-ficct of exdfe under whole furvey, he, (he, or they (hall then pormion be ; and all and every fuch diftiller and diftillers (hall, and he, ^®jfmuft (he, and they refpedlively is and are hereby required to run or ^ don^in draw offhis, her, or their low wines immediately from the ftill the prefence into an entered veffel only, and to continue them therein, fo of au officer that the officers of excife may take a true gauge of fiich low and jruaged; Hines ; and fiich diftiller and diftillers refpe&ively (hall pro- ™ar(J8 (bear-vide a proper caflt, which (hall be duly entered and gauged, ed in ware-info which the fpirits (hall run immediately from the ftill, which houfes, &c. calk (hall be futtdent to contain the whole produce of fpirits to be extracted from each ftill, when made up to the ftrength of one to ten over hydrometer proof 5 and when the whole quantity of fpirits (hall be collected in fuch calk from each ftill, all and every fuch diftiller and diftillers (hall, and he, (he, and they rtfpe&ieely is and are hereby required immediately to make up fuch fpirits, in the prefence of the officer of excife, to the ftrefngth of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and a true gauge of fuch fpirits fo made up (hall then be taken by the officer of excife, Who (hall keep an exa6t account thereof j and fuch fpirits, and every part thereof, (hall immediately afterwards be put into calks, and fecured, in the prefence of the officer of excife, in a warehouse or warehoufes to be provided, add duly entered at the proper office of excife, and kept for that purpofe by and at the expence of fuch diftiller and diftillers, which fpirits (hall be kept there feparate and apart from all fpirits made for home confumprion, and no fpirits for home confumption (hall be put into the lame warehoufe 5 and foch warehoufe and warehoufes (hall be fecured under three locks and three keys to each fuch warehoufe in which fuch fpirits (hail be fecured, one of fuch locks to be provided by fuch diftiller, and the ofher two locks to be provided by the fiirveyor, fopervifor, or officer of excife of the divifion of place where fuch fpirits (hall be locked up, at tlie expence of fuch diftiller Or diftillers, whereof one key of each place (hall be kept by foch tfiftitter or diftillers, and another by fuch fur-veyor or fupervifor, and the third by fuch officer of excife, unfit the fame fpirits (hall be delivered out for reification, or

afterwards ^

Digitized by

Googk

5©o

Anno vicefimo o&avo Georgii III. Ci 4	[17%

afterwards for fuch exportation as aforefaid; which wareborife and warehoufes (hall be made well and Efficiently fecore to mf fatisfaftion and approbation of the refpeftive furveycwrs or A* pervifors of excife for the time being, in whole divHioa «f diftrift any fuch warehouse or warehoufes (hall be finiatcitf whofe approbation thereof (hall be fignified in writing, under the hands of fuch furveyor or fupervifor; and fuch refpedMr furveyors or fupervifors are hereby required to attend, on its* fonable notice to them given by the refpeftive diftillers, in or* Diftillers re- der to view the feme : and if any diftiller or diftillers, for (bcb 1 moving wafh exportation as aforefaid, (hall, contrary to the directions «f from backs, this a(jtf pump up into the (till or (tills, or otherwise remove off q>irita^ any fuch wafh as aforefaid from the back or veflel wherein At from (tills, fame wds fermented, but in the prefence of the officer of aft- j contrary to cife under whofe furvey he, (he, or they (hall then be, or Adi this aft, &c.; nol run 0flf^ or q^q(c to be run off his, her, or their low wims immediately from the (till into an entered veflel only, or Adi not continue the fame in fuch entered veflel, fo that the offioefi of excife may take a true gauge of fuch low wines, or ftdt negleft or refufe to provide a proper cafk into which the lpiritr (hall run immediately from the (till as aforefaid, ortocnterfodi calk, ,or (hall run on any fpirits from the (till into any ca&t except fuch caflc hereinbefore direfted to be provided, or when the whole quantity of fpirits (hall be collefted as afiat** , faid, negleft or refufe immediately to make up, in the preface of the officer of excife, fuch fpirits to the ftrength of one to MU or obftrufting over hydrometer proof; or (hall by any ways or means prevwt, the officer in hinder, or obftruft the officer of excife from taking a gauge W gauges °f the wa(h, low wines, or fpirits, or to take a (ample pcs, c., famples of them, or any of them, or to try the proof of

the fpirits, (which gauges, famples, and trials of proofs, they , are hereby impowered to take and make as often as fuch offior -of excife (hall think fit, and which famples (hall be returned by the officers of excife to the refpeftive traders, wjien the com-miffioners of excife (hall find it expedient to give directions far that purpofe), or (hall negleft or refufe, immediately after Ac fpirits are fo made up to the ftrength aforefaid, to put fuck fpirits into cafks, and fecure the fame, in the prefence of tl* officer of excife, in a warehoufe or warehoufes, according to ornrglefting the directions of this aft; or (hall neglect or refufe to provide to provide and keep a warehoufe or warehoufes for that purpofe, or to fc-warehoufes, curc tfic fatnc wcjj ancj Efficiently, according to the direftioot c‘ *	of this aft, or to provide or keep fuch warehoufe or warehoufes

with locks and keys for fecuring fuch fpirits for fuch exportation as aforefaid^ or to enter fuch warehoufe or warehoufes for that purpofe at the proper office of excife, or (hall make ufeof any warehoufe or warehoufes, or other place or places for keeping fpirits for fuch exportation as aforefaid, before tbft fame (hall have been firft approved of, according tp the directions of this aft, or (hall put into or keep in fuch warehoufe or warehoufes any fpirits made for home confumption; or if aby

Digitized by Google

Anno viccGmo odlavo Georoii III. c. 46.	501

IiAiller or diftillers, or any other perfon or perfons what-by his, her, or their order, privity, connivance, or di-1, after any fuch fpirits (hall have been locked up and d in any warehoufe or warehoufes for keeping fpirits for xportation as aforefaid, (hall open any of the locks or or opening in the abfence of the proper furveyor or fupervifor, and of excife, or (hall make any way or kind of entrance ofi*lcer. ny fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, or (hall remove any whatever of the partition between any warehoufe or ware-i for keeping fpirits for. fuch exportation as aforefaid, or her place or places what foe ver next thereunto adjoining, after any fuch warehoufe or warehoufes (hall have to approved of as aforefaid, make any addition to, or in ay alter the fame without notice firft given to the proper or or fupervifor of excife of the divifion or diftri<5t in \ any fuch warehoufe or warehoufes (hall be fituate, of mended addition to or alteration in fuch warehoufe or lOufcs, and his confent in writing hrft had and obtained s finrtc ; or (hall remove any of the faid fpirits from any or removing ] up warehoufe or warehoufes, to any other warehoufe or fpirits; loufes for keeping fpirits, before the fame be taken out for immediate re&ification or to be immediately put on oard and exported as aforefaid; or (hall by any art, con-ice, or device whatfoever, remove, convey away, or con- or concealing or caufe, procure, or fuffer to be removed, conveyed wart3»&c*

, or concealed, any of the wa(li or low wines for making ► for fuch exportation as aforefaid, or any fuch fpirits, her raw or ratified, cither before the fame are put into the toufe br warehoufes, or afterwards; then, and in each and fuch cafe, fuch diftiller and diftillers, for every fuch of-, fh3ll forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds.	toforfcitiool.

^IX. Provided always, and be it further enabled by the >rity aforefaid. That in cafe it (hall at any time happen If fpirits can-the fpirits diftilled for fuch exportation as aforefaid in one not be locked belonging to any fuch diftiller or diftillers cannot, for a ™arc* of time, be conveyed from the fpirit ca(k (into which m°uVbe arc directed to be run immediately from the ftill) and guaged and ?d up in the warehoufe or warehoufes as herein-before is fecured in the :*ed, the officer of excife (hall gauge the fame, and fe- fpintcalk, the lid of the faid fpirit calk, and take famplcs thereof, gaiiondc-^ h fpirits (hall be locked up in fuch warehoufe or ware- c cafc therein es the next morning, (if not intended for immediate ex- the diftiller to ation as aforefaid) ; and if it (hall appear that any decreafe f°rhht 103. been made in the quantity or quality of the faid fpirits (o ted, or in cafe any fuch fpirits (hall have been removed in ibfence of the officer of excife, in either of the (aid cafes diftiller or diftillers (hall, for every gallon of fuch fpirits, alated at the ftrength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, ecreafed or removed, forfeit the fum of ten (hillings, u And be it further enaefted by the authority aforefaid, at when any fuch diftiller or diftillers for exportation (hall Pliers de-

'	Y	ks	1,1,0115 uk*

5<>*

ing fpirita from warehouses, to give four hours previous notice to the officer.

who is to attend and fee the fame taken out.

If fpirits are

Anno vicefimo o&avo Georgii III. C; ««• tn*

be defirous to take any of his, her, or their fpirits out 1 of the (aid warehoutes where the fame (hall be fo lodbfef i in order to be rectified, or when reAifkd and again < fuch warehouse or warehoufes, in order to be put ‘ on (hipboard for fuch exportation as aforefaid, he, (he,

(hall thereof give notice in writing to the furveyororf or officer of excife of the divifion or diftridt where (hall be (b locked up, by the fpace of four hours time he, (he, or they (hall begin to take out the fame i (aid, and (hall alfo fpecify in fuch notice the predfc hour of fuch day, when he, (he, or they fhall or i taking any fuch fpirits out of fuch warehoufe or war and (hall alfo fpecify in fuch notice the quantity and fpirits he, (he, or they intends or intend to take out, ther fiich fpirits are raw or redtified, and out of what [ lar warehoufe the fame are intended to be taken out for I cation, or for immediate exportation as aforefaid ; and if] cafe, fuch refpedlive furveyor, fupervifor, or officer is i hereby required to attend purfuant to fuch notice, * fpedive places where fuch fpirits (hall be locked up, the quantity of fpirits taken out in purfuance of fuch I and he or they is and are hereby required to take an ( count of the fame: ahd in cafe any fuch diftiller or

jool.

not taken out (hall not begin and proceed to take luch fpirits out of 1 *n ,!our. warehoufe or warehoufes at the hour and time fpecifiedla fpccifiedinme n^l,ccJ or within one hour next after fuch time, the*! the notice, a fuch notice (hall be, and the fame is hereby declared 1 fre(h one mud void, and fuch diftiller or diftillers (hall be, and is be given. hereby obliged to give a frerti and like notice in manner,!

faid, four hours at the leaft before he, the, or they (hall to take any fuch fpirits out of fuch warehoufe or war * Diftillers neg- and in cafe any fuch diftiller or diftillers (hall negle& or I ledtiog to t0 g*ivc fuch notice before he takes out any of the I |tc?to°forfcit r‘ts* ** to fpecify in fuch notice the particulars

required, or to give a frefh notice, in manner afore&id, I hours at the leaft before he, (he, or they (hall begin to 1 out any fuch fpirits, in cafe he, (he, or they (hall not T and proceed to take out fuch fpirits at the hour aod tin* I cified in the faid firft notice, or within one hour next atari time, fuch diftiller or diftillers Ihall, in every fuch cafe,] cvcrv fuch offence, forfeit the fura of one hundred pounds.

Li. And be it further enafted by the authority That, when any raw fpirits (hall be fo taken out for tion in purfuance of fuch notice, the feme (hall be * ly pumped up or put, in the prefence of the officer of < into the ftill or ftills, and be re&ified forthwith, and tT‘ (hall be run offimmediately from the ftill into a like < before directed to be provided and entered for the < fpirits immediately diftilled from low wines j and Wto whole quantity of fuch fpirits defigned to be rectified I collevfted in fuch tafk from each ftill, the fame Ihall be*

Regulations in rectifying raw fpirits taken oot of warehoufes.

Digitized by Google

Anno vftfefimo oftavo Georoii III. 0:46.	503

Iiately made up, in ihe prefence of the officer of excife, to the bength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, *t which ftrength ill fuch fpirits are to be exported, and a true gauge of fuch pints fo made up (hall then be taken by the officer of excife, who (hall keep arvexadt account thereof, and fuch fpirits (hall msaed lately afterwards be put into cafks, and in the prefence *f the officer of excife, either carried diredJy on (hipboard tor inch exportation as aforefaid, (if intended to be fo imme-cBately exported), or elfe into fuch warehoufe or war-ehoufes to be locked up in manner aforefaid. ■ ■ '

LII. And be it further enacted by the'authority aforefaid,

That when any diftiller or diflilltri of fpirits in that part of Ontakingout Groat Britain called England, for exportation from- thence to ^reho^ufesto dime part of Gnat Britain called Scotland^ or in that ’part of 5c re&ified. Gnat Britain called Scotland, for exportation from thence to allowances to that part of Gnat Britain called England, (hall take out any be made of (pints from the warehoufe or warehoufes wherein the fame two gallon® (hall have been locked up, in order to have fuch fpirits re<5ti- fo/decrea^, fied or compounded before the exportation thereof as aforefaid, fuch diftiller or diftilJers lhall in confider^tion of wade be al-lowed two gallons in every one hundred gallons of fuch fpirits ib to be rectified or compounded, and fo after that rate fjpr a' greater or lefs quantity; which allowance of two gallons in. every one hundred gallons of fpirits fo re&ified or cornpoirpd* ed, (hall be in full compenfation for all wade, lofs, or data age whatsoever, (except in cafes of unavoidable accidents, which fhall be proved to the fatisfa&ion of the commiflioners of excife in England or Scotland? as < the cafe may require) \ and any and for any decreafe lhall at any. time appear in the quantity of fpirits (o extra deft-taken out by any fuch diftiller or diftillers to be rectified or compounded, except fuch as can. or may be accounted for by counted for, the allowance aforefaid, every fuch diftiller and diftillers (hall a duty to be be charged, and the officers of. excife are hereby required 40 p^d of 58. charge him, her, or them for all fpirits fo found to be deficient per gallon, and not properly.accounted for, with a duty at and after the rate of five (hillings acid fixpence per gallon : provided always,

That nothing in this a£i contained (lull extend, or be deemed Spiptsmaybe orconfirued to extend, 10 hinder any maker of fpirits for fuch font from the exportation as -aforelaid, from fending fuch fpirits out of his any maker of locked up warehoufe to any other diftiller, provided fuch ma- fpirits to any kef of fpirits lending, the fame, and the diftiller who (hall otherdiftillar, receive the fame, do, before fuch fpirits are taken out of the under there-warehoufe, give-bond with fufficient fecurity, to be approved here inmen* of as any other fecurity is direded by this act to be approved, tioned. in double the value of fuch fpirits, and five (hillings and fix-pence per gallon for the due and fair exportation of Ibch fpirits from that part of Great Britain called England, to that part of Greet Britain called Scotland, or from that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to that part of Great Britain called England, as the cafe may require, within three months next after the date of fuch refpe&ive bond 5 and provided leave for that purpofc . Vol. XXXVI.	LI	‘	be

Digitized by booQle

504	Anno	vicefitrto	o&avo	Georgii III. C. 46.

be firft obtained in writing from the commiffiooers of odfc in Jin&land or Settkndfor the time being, as the caie OHfH> quire, and that notice thereof (hail have bcen*given to tildt beer of excife, under whofe furvey fuch diftiller (hail thutty' twenty*four hours at the lead, in order that fueh cfiotrMI receive the fame into fuch diftiller’s (lock; and providsdiw fpirits be removed with a proper certificate from an efiora excife} and when fuch fpirits (hall be fo received.by fechtfL ler, the fame (hall be under the like dire&ion as to thenak cation and exportation thereof, and all other matters and tbigl as if fuch fpirits had been rectified and exported acconBaili the regulations of this a& by the maker thereof, and nit diftiller (hall, for breach of any of tbe (aid dirofhont, be Mi jedl to the like penalties as the maker of fuch fpirits wookttap been for the like offences.

LIII. Apd be it further enaded by tbe authority afadM| OifttUers who That when any fuch diftiller or diftiller* (hall be defiros%tt havedmilled (Milling any fpirits for home confumption, and (hail kM intofplritsfor anally difiilled into fpirits all the wa(h, low wines, andfrjN exportation, in his, her, or their cuftody or poffefiion, for the auidafes( may make a fpirits for fuch exportation as aforefaid, and fuch fpirits M0 firelh entry for ^ locked up in the warehoufe as herein-after is dire&edrfo (he, or they may withdraw his, her, or their entry fee M exportation, and (hall be at liberty to make s firelh and likt‘“-try for making fpirits for home confumption; and lit. ife piration of four days after fuch entry made, but not feona^tt (hall and may be Lawful for fuch diftiller anddiMers to bj|l to brew or mix materials for wa(h to be diltilled into fopt wool, penalty for home confumption ; and if any fuch diftiller or dim* (hall begin to brew or mix materials for wafb, tobediiuM into fpirits for home confumption, without having made feck entry, or contrary to any of the directions in that behalf afe$ fiud, be, fhe, or they (hall, for every fucb offence, forint tk fern of two hundred pounds.

LIV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afanfaid, f»r ,w» That the exporter of any fuch fpirits (hall, immediafclf she §ue export*- **•* &'PP‘ng the fame, give bond, with (uffident fecunty,® tion of fpirits; he approved of by the refpeCHve commiffioners of 4m* is England and Sctiland, or the mqor part of them, or thepnptf officer or officers of excife, in ten (hillings gallon fer tack and every gallon of fuch fpirits; that the particular fpirits h "	intended	to	be	exported,	and	every part thereof, (hill (the

danger of the Teas and enemies excepted) be (hipped slides* ported to the port or place to which the fame refpe&rdy« intended to be exported, and (hall not be exported or canied v to any other place or country whatfoever; and Hull not ke unihipped, unladed, or put on board any other (hip, wB, ■or boat in Great Britain, ((hlpwreck and other unavoidabkac* cident excepted), not relanded in that part of Great which die fame (hall have been fo made ; which bond tbe of* fiect of excife of the port from whence fuch fpirits (hall be a*

for siting

contrary

hereto.

Bond to be

Digitized by L.ooQle

}.) Anno vicefimo odavo Georgii III. c. 4	505

i,	appointed for that purpofe by the feid refpeftive liftmen of excife, or the major part of them refpec-t for the time being, ia hereby directed to take,

» Idaicf fy’a name, ana to his Majefty’s ufe; provid-1* t- n, after the (hipping any fuch fpirits, the fame, or pNt thereof (hall be uhfhipped, unladed, or laid on dr pot Into any other (hip, veflel, or boat in	and	if	after,

((hipwreck or other unavoidable accident excepted), that tad in every fuch cafe, over and above the penalty of the EJlJLi0 or* 1 'which (hall be' levied and recovered to his Majefty’s A Bach fpirits which (hall be fo un(hipped, unladed, or m land, or put into any other (hip, veflel, or boat in ! Britain, (fhipwrcck or other unavoidable accident ex^

1), or the value thereof, (hall be forfeited ; and fuch t (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of ex>

f. And be jt further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

: faeh bonds (hall be difcharged upon the production of How hoods tificate under the hands and Teals of two or more of the niffioners of excife, in that part of Gnat Britain to which c * faints (hall be fo exported, teftifying the due landing sf| fuch production of fuch certificate to be made to, the dot or. other chief officer of excife of the port from whence (pints were exported, within fix months from the date of hood, teftifying fuch landing of fuch fpirits; or fuch b'fhall be tmcharged upon proof that fuch fpirits were t by enemies, or peri(hed in the fea, or by fire; the exa-fwnaod proof thereof being left to the judgement of the . niffioners of excife in England and Stttland refpeCtively, or Mar part of them refpedively.

ft. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid,

I for every gallon, Englijb wine meafure, of fpirits of a fd.per

ri not exceeding thatx of one to t«.n jeer hydrometer **!*?? tpfb?> which (hall be made or manufactured in that part of ^imported t Britan called Stotlond, and imponed or brought from from Scotland « into that part of Great Britain called	,there into England.

1 Repaid by the importer thereof, before the landing therein txcile duty of two (hillings and nine-pence. ftL And be if further enacted by the authority aforefeid, ft the proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers. Entry to be igpee or confignees of fpirits made or manufactured in that in»K>rted of Greet Britain called Stttland,and imported from thence from gcot-i that part of Great Britain called Engwithin twenty land, and im* inert after the arrival of the (hip or veflel wherein any port duty to Spirits (haH be lb imported, within the port, in that part ktai Britain called England, where fuch fpirits (hall be in- jD ao bd to be landed, (hall make due entry with the collector days,

Mile of the (aid port of all fuch fpirits on board of fuch tor veflel belonging to fitch proprietor or proprietors, im-Mr or importers, conlignee or confignees; and (hall then,

Nfore, fatisfy and pay the import duties of excife by this L 1 2 aft

5°6

otherwife to be forfeited,

and to be pub-lickly fold; and the overplus, after fa-lisfying the duties, to be given the of-ticer.

Thecommif-fi9ner8 may inward the 'officers if there be no overplus.

In entries of fpirits imported from Scotland, the number of calks, etc. to b?inferted,on penalty of forfeiture.

No fpirits to be Pent from • Scotland to England, or from England toScotland,by land, or in veflcls of lef8 lhan.70 tons, or in a calk .containing left than 100 gallons, on penalty of for-leiture, with the veffels, etc.

Anno vicefimo cxSiavo Georgii III. c. 46. [17SS.

a& impofed for or in refpc& of fuch fpirits, and land the fame; and if fuch proprietor or proprietors, importer or importer), configneeorconfignees, (hall neglect or refufe to make fuch entry, or to pay fuch duties, or to land fuch fpirits wkhin tud twenty days, all fuch fpirits (hall be forfeited, together wife the calks and packages containing the fame, and (hall andmij be feized by any officer or officers of excife ; and the fad coo-mi flioners of excife in England (hall caufe all fuch fpirits to be publickly fold to the beft bidder, at fuch places astheyfluS think proper, for and towards fatisfying the import duties bj this a& impofed for or in refpeeft of fuch' fpirits, and theowr-plus, if any, (hall be applied to and for the benefit of the ofi* cer or officers of excife who (hall feize the fame; and incite the money arifing from fuch fale of fuch fpirits (hall not be fufficient to fatisty, or fhall barely fatisfy, the faid import done, then and in fuch cafe the officer or officers of excife, who (hall feize fuch fpirits, fhall be rewarded in fuch manner as the (aid commiffioners of excife (hall think proper > fuch reward not exceeding one (hilling per gallon, and to be in lieu of all other allowances.

LVIII, And be it further enadted by the authority aforefod, That in all entries fo to be made of any fpirits made or m-nufadtured in that part of Great Britain called fo/iM, and imported from thence into that part of Great Britain called£^* landy the number of cafks or other packages containing fiidi fpirits, with the particular numbers and marks of each of them, on board of each refpedlive flup or veflel in which the fame (had be fo imported, (hall be inferred, on pain, for every neglefior refufal thereof, to forfeit all fuch fpirits, with the ca(k or other package wherein the fame (hall be contained; and the few fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife.

L1X. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefad. That no fpirits, whether raw, re&ified, or compounded, tmdt in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall be removed or carried from that part of Great Britain called Scotland to that part of Great Britain called England, by land carriage, m ' fhaH any fpirits made or manufactured in that part of GreJ Britain called England^ be removed or carried from thence i: that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by land carriage, n:r any fpirits made or manufactured in that part of Great Bntcu called Scotland, be imported or brought into that part of Gw: Britain called England, nor any fpirits made or manufactured in that part of Great Britain called England, be imported cr brought into that part of Great Britain called Scotland^ in an. (hip, vefTd, or boat of any lefs burthen than feventy tons, or in any enfk or package which (hall not contain one hundred gallons of fuch fpirits at'the leafti on pain of forfeiture of au fuel) fpirits as (hail be fo removed or carried, or imported or brought contrary to any or either of the prohibitions atorefaid, together with the cafks or packages containing fuch fpirits, ard the (hips, veflels, or boats, horfes, cattle, and carriages en-

Digitized by

Google

788.] Anno vicefimo odtavo Georgii HI. c. 46;

doyed in fuch importation, removal,. or car/iage thereof; nd fuch (pints, cafks, packages, (hips, veffels, boats, horfes, attle, and carriages, (hail and may bq (Seized by any officer or officers of cxcife.

LX. And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid, Hm no fpirits made or manufactured in that part of Great Britain called England, lhall be imported or brought into that art of Great Britain called Scotland, of a ftrength exceeding hat of one to ten over hydrometer proof, nor (hall any fpirits Bade or manufactured in that part of Great Britain called Scot-and, be imported or brought into that part of Great Britain ailed England, except as nerein-after provided, of a ftrength exceeding that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, cn pain of orfeiture of all fuch fpirits, together with the cafks and pack-iges containing the fame; and fuch fpirits, calks, and pack-iges (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of ex-:ife: provided always, That if the ftrength of any fpirits, manufactured and imported from that part of Great Britain called Scotland, into that part of Great Britain called England as afore -Taid, (hall be greater than that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and fuch excels (hall not exceed three per centum over and above the faid ftrength of one to ten over hydrometer ptoof as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe the faid fpirits (hall not be forfeited, but (hall be charged with a further duty proportioned to their faid fur pi us ftrength.

LXI. And be it further enatfted by the authority aforefaid. That when any fpirits, made or manufactured in that part of Great Britain called England, lhall be lent by water from that pan of Great Britain called England to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or any fpirits made or manufactured in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall be fent by water from thence to that part of Great Britain called England, the fame (hall be accompanied with a permit from the proper officer of excife, or, in default thereof, luch fpirits, with the calks and packages containing the fame, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife ; provided air ways, That no ftich fpirits (hall be liable to feizurefor or on account of any fmall difference or deficiency in tlte gaiige of fuch fpirits at the time of their arrival in port, when the fame (hall be proved to have been occafioned by accident and withoi^i fraud.

LXII. And be it further ena$e$ by the authority aforesaid, That the commiffioners of excife in Scotland (hall, within the fpace of one month after the time of granting any pennir for the removal of any Byit;J}?-\x\u\z fpirits from any port or place in Scotland to any port qr place in England, fr an firm the counterpart of fuch permit, or caufe the fame to be tranfmittgd to the commiffioners of excife in England, in order that the faid commiffioners in England may, and they are hereby directed and required to caufe /ome proper officer or officers to examine jqdchecque therewith the permit by whi$h fuch fpirits; (hall

' '......... '	'	L	1	3	'	\	hay$

Digitized by Google

507-

If fpirits be imported into Scotland from England of a ftrength greater than 1 to 10 over hydrometer proof, they arc forfeited.

but not in the latter cafe, if the excefs fhould not exceed 3 per centum over that ftrength, &c.

Spirits fent by water from England to Scotland, &c. to be accompanied with a permit, on penalty of for-feitui-e.

Spirits not liable to fti-zure for a fmall deficiency in the gauge.

Counterparts

of permits o>r exporting fpirits from Scotland to he tranfmttted 16 the commiffioners of ev cife in England i

have been removed as aforefaid, and alfo in order that a fonkr and a dupli- chccqoe may be bad upon the removal of fuch fpirttz, a dapS* cate of the cate of fuch clearance ihall be forthwith tranfmitted to the pro* ?**?■*”“ *? per officer or officers of the cuftoms, at the port in Bmpl port of land- where fuch fpirits are intended to be landed, who arc benby fog in Eng* authorifed and required to compare the dune with the ^tribes land. ' their arrival.

LX1II. Jnd whereas the manufacture ej fpirits,

Maid (tone Geneva, tflabHJbtd Maidftone in tbt emutty sfKbnt, by George Bifhop tf that plan, which manufacture is different from any other manufacture of Jpirits in Great Britain, as Well with refpeCl to the quality of the	as to the proofs by .

which it is made: and whereas the manufacture requires ft large a proportion of wafts to produce a given quantity of fpirits, at to render it impojlibu to continue the faid manufacture if tie rtttsef duties preferred by tbt faid ad, made in the twenty-fhetb year a __ tbt reign qf bit prefent Majefty, and continued by tbu aB, be m-Biihopof** hR'A cn Mb §*"**£[ wJb» he it therefore ena&ed by the a* Maidftone to thority aforeuid, That, during the continuance of this SS, pajr 161. ad. there (hall be paid by the faid George , for every ninety, for eveiy 96 fix gallons of wa(h which he (hall produce from a weigh1 of walhmade ma*t or 0,*’er corn» inc*u<*‘ng the bran thereof, and not a-from not ceeding one hundred and twelve pounds, the fum of fixteta more than (hillings and four-pence, being at the rate of two-pencc md u»lb. ofcomi one-fixth part of a farthing per gallon.

and for every LXIV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, *X1**dk»C^w That for every one hundred and twelve pounds weight of ttak a'lowed him or other com, before the fame is feparated from the bm of 8 gallon* thereof, fo ufed by the faid George Bijbop, be (hall be allowed and 13d of a credit in the boors of the proper officer or officers of ebedfe, fpiriu of 1 in 0f not Qjofo than eight gallons and one third part of a galtec ammeter*" fp*rits» a* the ftrength. of one in fix under bydrometer proof.	proof.

LXV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, If ha fells fpi- That the faid George Bijbop (hall not fell or fend out any Ipirits nts ftronger whatfoe«er of a greater degree of flrength than that of doe in under hydro*	un<*er hydrometer proof j	and if the faid Bijbop	(hall

meter proof, fell or fend out any fpirits whatfoerer, contrary to the true in* to be forfeit* tent and meaning of this alt, fuch fpirits, together with the cades and veflels'containing the fame, and the horfos, cattle, cans, and carriages made ufe of in the removal thereof, (hill be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or of* ficers of excife.

LXVI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Undo* excefs That if, on carting up the (lock of the faid George Bijbop, any officer or officers 81 excife (hall find the quantity of fmits contained in fuch dock to exceed the quantity for which the faid George Bijbop it intitled to credit, at the ftrength of ape m fix under hydrometer proof, after deducing and allowing for the quantity of fpirits for which permit (hau have been granted to the faid George Bijbop, then, and in every fuch cafe, the excefs

found

Digitized by

Google

•788.] Anno viccfimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 46.	509

(hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any or officers of excife. sXVIL And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, -

before the Cud George Bijbop (h3lJ make ufe of any malt is hours no-i-mj—rt\ for the purpofe of making any wort or walh, he (hall tice of his pirc twelve hours notice in writing to the officer of excife under to\cDJ5^n^ ibofe furvey he (hall then be9 of his intention to ufe the fame, 0n penalty of order that the faid officer may attend to weigh fuch nlait or aool. n ; and if the faid George Bijbop (hall negledt to give fuch no-: as aforefaid, he ffiall, for every fuch negledt, forfeit the fum r two hundred pounds,

;LXVIII. And be it further ei>a£led by the authority afore-mli That, for the purpofe of enabling the proper officer dr a (till to be officers of excife to afeertain the ftrength of the wa(h on which provided by fMCh duty as aforefaid (hall have been charged, the faid George	to

lep (hall provide, and from time to time keep, in his diftil- JSSwtoaf-houfeat Maidjlone aforefaid, a fmall (till, with a worm and certain the ^ob complete, of a iize fufficient to diftil at one time twenty- ftrength of air gallons of walh, and which quantity of walh fuch officer wort*ctc# r officers is ahd are hereby impowered to take and diftil for the pofc aforefaid, when and as often as he or they (hall think * and if twenty-four gallons of fuch wa(h fo diftilled (hall 1 found to produce^ more than two gallons and one-eighth of gallon of fpirits, at the ftrength of one in fix under hydro-ter proof, then the whole quantity of walh from which fuch ity-four gallons were taken (hall be charged by the proper er or officers of excife with a duty of one (hilling per gal-and which (hall become payable immediately on fuch barge being made.

L&IX. And be it further enabled, That it (hall not be Mr. Bifliop lawful for the faid George Bijbop, during the continuance of this n<>t to diftil a6k* to carry on the trade of diftilling Geneva in any other Jhaotis1^1-place or places than thofe now occupied by him for that pur- fent W0I^C* pofc at Adaidfiom* or therein pfe any ftills, backs, or other houfc, etc. utcnlils, of larger dimenfions than thole now in ufe in the faid manufa&ory.

LXX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That fuch of the duties by this 26k impofed as (hall arife in that Duties to be part of Great Britain called England\ (hall be under the ma- r om million-nagement of the commiffioqers of excife in England for the ln Gf cxdre. time being; and fuch thereof hs (ball arife in that part of Great Britain called Scotland* (hall be tipder the management of the commiffioners of excife in Scotland for the time being.	..	.

LXXI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, i^allonsof

.That if anv diftijler or diftillers who (hall make or diftil, in foini8,oftbe

that part of Great Britain called England^ any fpirits for home ftrength of x

confumption, /hall, within the year which (hall end on the

fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, ploot, for**

extraC^ more than nineteen gallons of fpirits of the ftrength of home con-

ppe.to ten over hydrometer proof, for every hundred gallons fumption, be

of ytgftu within the time aforefaid, found in his, her, or their fo.uJml fXtr*^ * r *	» • • ' T « cdlrom 100

J-U	cuftody	gajjoniof

Digitized by Google

5>o

wafh, 58. per

gallon to be forfeited for the excefs.

Claufefi of *6 Geo. 3. c. 73 recited.

Sect. *9.

Sett. 30.

Anno viccfimo o&avo GeoRGII III. 0.46* f 178ft.

cuftody or pofTefiion, he, (he, or they (hall forfeit the fuai 6i

five (hillings for every gallon of fpirits fo extracted above tfc* proportion aforefaid.

LXXII. And whereas by an ally made in the twenty ftxfb year ^ the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An ad to difeonunue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines and fpirits for home confumption, and for granting and fecur-ing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for iht better regulation of the making and vending Brit/JB fpirits, and for difeontinuing, for a limited time, certain ienpofts and duties upon rum and fpirits imported from the Weft Indies, rf was enafted, That within thirty days after the commencement af that ally and afterwards once in every three months at the haft* the of* peers of excife fhould take an account of the flock 0/BritiQi brandy, reftified Britifh fpirits, raw Britilh fpirits, compounds, and ether Britifh fpirits, if every reftifier and compounder of fpirits, whether a maker of fpirits or not; and if on taking fuch account the fteck ft taken, added to the quantity of fpirits for which permits fbould have been granted to fuch rellifier or compounder fince the time of taking the loft preceding account offuch flock, fhould be found to exceed the quantity of fpirits found in fuch flock at the time of taking fuch lap preceding account, added to the quantity fince legally made or received by permit, with the allowance of thirty'five gallons on every one hundred gallons fo made or received, cajling or computing fuch ft&ek at the /irength of one in eight under hydrometer proof a quantity of /pints equal to the quantity offpirits fo found in excefs fhould be forfeited and lofty and fhould and might be feized and taken by the officer or officers of excife who fhould dijcover the famty from and out of fuch Jlock \ and the perfon or perfons in whofe flock fuch quantity of fpirits Jo found in excefs fhould be dfcovered or foundy fhould alfo forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds: and whereas y by the faid Left mentioned alt, recitingy that for the making unto the rellifiers and corn-plunders of fpiritSy as well for what they fhould lawfully moke, as for what they Jhould lawfully purchafe and receive by permity a fair allowance for that increafe by water, jugar, fyrup, or fruit, which was neceffary to render their fpirits fit for confumptiony there fbould be allowed permits for the fending out any number of gallonSy not exceeding the rate or proportion of one hundred and thirty-five gallons 0/Britifh brandy y rectified Britifh JpiritSy or compounds, for every one hundred gallons of Britilh raw fpirits, at the flrengtb of one to ten over hydrometer proof, which they fbould have received by permity or Jhould have made according to the regulations and direct ions of that aft; and to the intent that permits might not be granted for fending out a greater quantity of Britifh brandyy reftified Britifh fpiritSy or compounds, from the flock of any reftifier or reftificrSy or compounder or compounders of Britifh fpirits, than that of one hundred and thirty-five gallons for every one hundred gallons which heyJbiy 'Qr they fhould lawfully make or receive by permit, it was further enaftedy That the proper officers of excife fbould keep an account in their books with ail ana every the difiilhr and diftillen, maker and makers, reftifier and reftifiers} and compounder and esm-

Digitized by t^ooQle

788*3 Anno vicefitno o&avo Gboroii III. c. 46.	511

tenders 4/Britifh /pints, as will of the quantity of all Brittfh fpi* tstvbicb be% fbe, or they fhould legally make or receive by permit, ef the quantities of all Britifh Jpirits for which any fuch officer ' officers Jbould grant any permit; and when and fo often as any Har fhould be called upon or required by any fuch dijltller or iiftil-	f

rs, maker or makersy rectifier or rectifiers, or compounder or com-winderto grant any permit or permits far the fending out of any ritUh firandy, rectified Britifh fpirits, raw Britifh /pints, Britifh mpemnds, or fpirits of wine, exceeding the quantity which be, Jhe, p they ought to have remaining in flock, fuch officer or officers JhOuld nmediately examine, or caufe to be examined, the flock in hand of uh difiiller or diflillers, maker or makers, rectifier or rectifiers, or impounder or compounders, and whatever excefs fhould be found in 'ock? fuch excefs fhould be forfeited and lofl, and fhould and might be sized by any officer or officers of excife: and whereas it is expedient The recited 0 repeal the f aid recited claufes; be it therefore enacted by the Q^fc8 utborify aforefaid, That the faid recited claufes fhall be, and repeal-he fame are hereby repealed: and, for the making unto the ed. e&ifiers and compounders of fpirits a fair allowance for that Rectifiers to ncreafe by water, fugar, fyrup, or fruit,.which is neceflary to have an al* ender their fpirits tit for confumption, there fhall be allowed	the

permits for the fending out any number of gallons, not ex- j0D# f£r jn. :eeding the rate or proportion of one hundred and forty-two creafeby wi-gallons of Britifh brandy, rectified Britifh fpirits or compounds, ter, etc. for every one hundred gallons of raw Britifh,fpirits which they refpeciively fhall have received from any diitiller or diftillers of Briujh fpirits (not being a rectifier or redifiers) of the ftrength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, or which they fhall re-fpe&tvely have made at the ftrength lpft aforefaid.

LXXIII. Be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That within thirty days next after the commencement of this Officers to aft, and afterwards once in every three months at the leaft, count of the the officers of excife fhall take an account of the ftock of Britifh ftock Qf rec-brandy, redtified Britifh fpirits, raw Britifh fpirits, compounds tifiers, and other Britifh fpirits, of all and every redtifier and redtifiers, and compounder and compounders of fpirits, (whether a maker or makers of fpirits or not); and if on taking any fuch account the ftock fo taken, added to the quantity of fpirits for which permits fhall have been granted to fuch redtifier or redtifiers, or compounder or compounders, fince the time of taking the laft preceding account of fuch ftock, fhall be found to exceed the quantity of fpirits found by the officer or officers of excife in fuch ftock at the time of taking the laft preceding account of fuch ftock by the officer or officers of excife, added to the quantity fince received by permit from any diftiller or diftillers of Briii/b fpirits (not being a redtifier or rectifiers of Britifh fpirits), at the ftrength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, or made by fuch redtifier or redtifiers, or compounder or compounders, at the ftrength laft aforefaid, with the allowance of forty-two gallons on every one hundred gallons fo made or received, cafting or computing fuch ftock at the ftrength of one v ' ^

Digitized by

Google

51*

and if any excel* in the quantity be found, it may be feized, etc.

If re&ifiers fell fpirits of a greater Strength than iin 6 under hydrometer proof, they may be feized.

If any pact of the allowance Should appear not to hate been uf-ed, it Shall be taken from the rectifier’ll credit.

Thts a ft not to exonerate rectifiers from penalties incurred prior to its commencement.

• Geo. 3. c.j 5.

Anno vittfimo o&avo Gkokoii III. C. 46.	[17IL

In fix under hydrometer proof, a quantity of fpirita equal totk quantity of fpirits fo found in cxcefs (hall be forfeited, and (hd and may be feized by any officer or officers of oscifc, from and out of fuch (lock, and the perfon or per fens in wbofe fleet fuch quantity of fpirits fo found in exccfs (hall be difeoracd a found, (hall alfo forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

LXXIV. And be it further enaded by tbe authority sfere-(aid. That no redifier or redifiers, or. compounder or coo* pounders of fpirits, (hall fell or fend out aay Britijb brandy, Brttijb redified fpirits, Britijb compounds, or other Briti/Kp-rits, or any greater or higher degree of firength than that e( one in (ix under hydrometer proof; and if any fuch redifier* « redifier, or compounders or compounder, (hall fell or feed out any	Britifit brandy, Britijb rectified fpirits, Britijb ex-

pounds, or other Britijb fpirits, of any greater or higher degree of (Irength than that of one in fix under hydrometer proof, all fuch Britijb brandy, Britijb rectified fpirits,	coo-

pounds, or other Britijb fpirits, (hall be forfeited, and dull and may be feized by any officer or officers of exrife, togefeo with the calks and vefiels whatsoever containing the feme re-fpedively.

LXXv. And be it further enabled by the authority afore-faid. That if, on taking any fuch account of the flock of mj fuch redifier or redifiers, or compounder or compounders, it (hall appear that fuch rectifier or redifiers, or compounder or compounders, has or. have not adually made ufe of the whole of the faid allowance fo by this ad granted, fo.much thereof as (hall appear not to have been made ufe of, deducting therefrom fo much as will be fufficicnt to reduce the dock then found 00 hand to the firength of one in fix under hydrometer proof, dull be cut off from his, her, or their credit} any thing hereinbefore. contained to tbe contrary thereof ia any wife notwitb-ftanding.

LXXVI. Provided always neverthelefs, and be k further enaded, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend, to exonerate any redifier or redifiers, or compounder or compounders of fpirits whatfeever, from any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, to which fuch redifier or redifiers, compounder or compounders, if this ad had not been made, would have been liable, for or by reafoo of any excels found in the flock of fuch redifier or redifiers, or compounder or compounders, before tbe commencement of tbit ad.

LXXV II. And whereas, by an aft made in tbe ef tbe reign ef bit	prefent Myefly, An ad for repeating

the duties payable upon chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain inland duties upon cocoa nuts in lieu there, of} for the better and more effedual Securing the revenue of cxcifc, and of the inland duties under the management of tbe commiflioners of exci.fe, and for preventing frauds therefe, for thy more oundual and ready payment of (he allowances »q .1	be

Digitized by Google

788.] Anno vicefimo o&avo G ion on III. c. 4	$t$

« made to brewers out of the additional duties tmpofed oh curie* and for rectifying a miftake in an ad, made in thia pre-9ne feffion of parliament, with refped to the exempting of aadle* from the additional duty of five pounds	upon

he duties of excUe impofed by the faid ad, m *3	faffed hr the fund year of bis prefrnt reign,	-

kmitdy An ad for more effectually preventing the exceifive ufe and a Geo. j. if fjparituoas liquors for home confumption, by laying addi- *• s:	part

iaml duties upon fpirits made in Great Britain, or imported reatcd* into the fame 5 and for better regulating and encouraging the exportation of Briti/b~taoAt fpirits; and for fecuring the payment of the dutiies upon fpirituous liquors, it was, other things, enafle,i,That, to prevent	who	made

for exportation, from fraudulently removing wajb, low wines, or fruits,	tbe o exeife Jbould, from time to time, make a tbargi

from thi apparent aecreaje of the waft) of any fuch diftiller or diftil-iersy except Jucb decreefe did really and truly arife from accident; and that thi officers of exeife were prevented from making true charges tepm decreafes in the waflx of fitch diflillers, f'or want of fome cer-tain ruti of afeertaimng the true proportion of fpirits that ought to be produced from a certain quantity of wafts, for the better enabling jucb officers to make true charges on the apparent decreafes of wafts dsfavered at the dill houfe orftill houfes of every diftiller or diftillers making fpirits for exportation, it was enafted, That, from and after the twentieth day tf July one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, query diftiller and diflillers who, at any time between the firft day of Odober and the firft day of June in each year, Jbould make or diftil fpirits for exportation, Jbould, for every fix gallons of wafts, within Obi time aforefaid, found in bis cuflody, produce to the fight of the officer or officers of exeife at Uaft one gallon of fpirits 5 and that every diftiller and diflillers who, at arty time between the firft day 0/Tune and the firft day of October in each year, Jbould make or diftil /pints for exportation, Jbould, for every feven gallons of wajh, within the time left aforefaid, found in his cuflody, produce to the fight of the officer or officers of exeife at leaft one gallon of fpirits, fuch fpi~ ^ rits to be in each cafe of the Jirength of one to fix under hydrometer % proof 1 and that in every cafe where the produce* of the fpirits extra fl-ti by any fuch diftiller or diflillers, within thofe rtfpeflive times,

Jbould fall Jhort of the proportions before mentioned, every Jucb diftil-ler or diftillers Jbould be, and be and they was and were thereby chargeable with and Jbould pay duty for every gallon of fuch wafts which, within the refpeftive times aforefaid, fbpuld be miffing; over and above the faid fix gallons, and /even gallons refpeftively, at the fame rate as the duty was chargeable and payable upon the de-ereqfe of wafts dfcovered at the ftill houfes of diftillers who diftilled tew wines and fpirits for home confumption \ and the officers of ex-rife are thereby required, in fuch cafes, to make the prefumptive charges, as %vcU for the low wines, as alfo for the fpiritsf upon every gallon of wafts refpeftively fo miffing as aforefaid, in like man-* ner as diftillers working for botoe confumption were thin charged ttpon decreafes of wafts; which faid duties, on the faid low wines and

fpirits,

Digitized by vjOOQlC

exportation to foreign parttf, to pro duce to the .officer the within mentioned quan

Anno vlcefimo o£Uro Georgii III. c.4.6.	[1788.

/pints, fo to be charged as aforefaid, JhouU be paid by every /trd> dijliller or dtJUUers, at the refpedtive times and in the fame manner, and under the like rules, regulations, penalties and forfeitures, as tbi duties cbarged on dijiillers who difiilled for home mfumption wrt then made payable: and whereas it has been found by experience that the proportions offpir its by the /aid aft prefcnbed are much lower than the apparent deer safe of fuch wajb Would warrant, and it is therefore expedient to provide the proportions herein-after mentioned in hen 1788^diftiu/rs t^ereof »	lt therefore enaded by the authority aferefaid, Thar,

or fpirits for from and after the fifth day of July one thousand feven hundred and eighty-eight, all and every diftiller and diftillers, who at any time between the fifteenth day of November inclufive, in any one year, and the fifteenth day of May exclufive, in the next fucceeding year, fhall make or diftil fpirits for exportation to foreign parts, (hall, for every nine gallons of wa(h within the .. . . timelaft aforefaid, found in his, her, or their cuftody, produce from thePirit810	°®cer	or	°fficers of'excite at lead two gallons

wiihin men- °f fp,r,ts ; and that all and every diftiller and diftillers, who at tioned quan- any time between the fifteenth day of May inclufive, in any one titiesot wafh; year, and the fifteenth day of November exclufive, in the fame year, (hall make or diftil fpirits for fuch exportation, (hail, tor every fix gallons of wafh within the time laft aforefaid, found in his, her, or their cuftody, produce to the fight of the officer or officers of excife at leaft one gallon of fpirits, fuch fpirits to be in each cafe of the ftrength of one to fix under hydrometer proof, and that in every cafe where the produce of the fpirits extracted by any fuch diftiller or diftillers within thofe refpeCtive times, fhall fall (hort of the proportions herein-before prefcnbed, every fuch diftiller and diftillers (hall be, and he, (he, and they is ?n<f or to pay is. ^re hereby chargeable with and (hall pay duty for every gallon jsailoiTof ^ 0^	wa^ which, within the refpe&ive times aforefaid, (hall

waih miffing. he miffing over and above the faid nine gallons and fix gallons refpeCtively, at and after the rate of one (hilling and fixpenc; per gallon ; and the officer or officers of excife fhall charge fuch duty and duties upon fuch diftiller or diftillers accordingly, aod he, (he, and they fhall pay the fame within one week next after the fame fhall be charged or incurred.

LXXVJII. And be it further ena&cd by the authority afore* faid. That if any diftiller or maker, or diftillers or makers of low wines or fpirits, or any rectifier or compounder, or re&ifiers or compounders of, or dealer or dealers in fpirits, or any workman or fervant belonging to hjm, her, or them, fhall obftrud, aflault, refift, oppofe, moleft, .or hinder any officer or officers of excife, in the due execution of any of the feveral powers and authorities given or granted to fuch officer or officers, by this or any other aCt now in force, relating to diftillers, rectifiers or compounders of fpirits, or to dealers in fpirits or ftrong waters, every fuch diftiller or maker, re&ifier or compounder, or dealer fhall (except in fuch cafes for which any other penalty or penalties are herein-before provided) forfeit for every fuch offencctbc foip of Iwq hundred ppqnds*

f	j^xix. m

Digitized by Google

Perfons ob-ftrufting officers to for* feit aool.

5lS

1788.3	Anno vlbefimo o&'avoGfioRGil III. c.46.

LXXIX; And be it further cna&ed< by the Authority aforefaid* That the feveral duties of excife by an a& made in the Duties im-twenty-fcventh year of the reign ofjiis prelcnt Majcfty* intituled, bY %7 JmaCf for repeelingthe fevtral duties of.cuftoms andexdfe% and grant-	%,***

ing other duties in lieu thereof and for applying the /aid duties, to- extca&ing * gather with the other duties compofing the publick revenue \ for per- fpirits for meeting the importation of certain goods, warts, and merchandize, the home con-produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French ^ondnucd king , into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, from jujy 5f remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the 17 88, to July reduction of the national debt, impofed for or in refpeCt of ferment- s$ *7*9* td wort, or wafh brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called Englandf, for extracting fpirits for home confumption from any malt, corn, grain, or tilts* or any mixture with the fame* and for or in refpcCt of cyder or perry, or other wafli or liquor brewed or made as afotefaid from any fort or kind of Britijh materials, except fuch as are before mentioned* or from any mixture therewith* for extracting fpirits for home confumption* and for or in refpeCt of fermented wort or wa(h brewed or made as aforefaid from melafles oc fugar* or any mixture therewith* for extracting fpirits for home confumption; and for or in re-fpcCt of wa(h brewed or made as aforefaid from foreign refufed wine* or foreign cyder* or wafhpfcpared from foreign materials* 1 except melaffes and fugar* or any.mixture therewith, for extracting fpirits for home confumptien* (hall be*' and *bc fame are hereby feverally and refpeCtively continued, from the fifth day of July one thoufand fevealumdred and eighty-eight* until and upon the fifth day of July oneitboufand (even.hundred and • eighty-nine; and the faid duties (hfrll feverally and refpe&ively	»

be paid and payable by the feveral and refpaCUve makers and . diftillers of fuch wort, wa(h, eyder, perry, or other liquor respectively, at fuch times and in fuch manner, and under fucli penalties and forfeitures* as the faid duties by the (aid aCt impofed and hereby continued were feverally and refpeCtively payable by law, under or by virtue of the faid'aCt, op spy gther aCt or aCts of parliament in force at and immediately before the pafiing of this aCt.

LXXX. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid^

That the faid lad mentioned aCt* except fuch parts thereof as Laftmention-are exprefsly altered, controuled, or repealed by.this aCt, (hall, edaCt.cx-from and immediately after the fifth day of July one thoufand hereby alter-feven hundred and eighty-eight, be revived and continued; and ccj# to j3e con. the fame is hereby revived, and (hall continue in full.force and tinuedtojuly effeCl until and upon the fifth day of July one thoufand feven St i789> hundred and eighty-nine.

LXXXL And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That if any aClion or foit (hall be brought or commenced Limitation of againft any perfon or perfons for any thing by him, her, pra^ion8* them done by virtue or in purfuance of this aCt, fuch aClion or fuit (hall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and (hall be laid in the proper county; and

the

Digitized by

Google

g\6	Anno	vicefimo	o&tvo Gkoroii III. a 46,	[17W.

the defendant or defendants in fuch aAion or fait (hall or may General iffue. plead the general iffue, and give this ad and the fpedd mats* in evidence at any arid to be had thereupon ; and if afterwards a verdiA (hall pals for the defendant or defendants, or the plain-tiff or plaintiffs (hall difcontinue his, her, or their aAion or aAions, or be nonfoited, or judgement (hall be given again# him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwife, then fuch de> Treble cofts. fendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts awanlod to Urn, her, or them, againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

LXXXII. And be it farther enaAed by the authority afone-How fine* are faid. That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures by this aA cneat-edand^!"' **or impofed, (hall be feed for, levied,recovered, or mitigated, plied. * by fuch ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated, by any law er laws of excife, or by aAion of debt, bill, plaint, or inforautioa, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wtflmnjltr, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland refpeAively; and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture (not otherwife dinAcs by this aA), (hall be to his Majeffy, his heirs and facceflbrs, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall difeover, inform, or fee for the fame.

LXXX1II. And be it further enaAed by the authority afore* The regula- (aid. That all the powers, authorities, methods, rules, dirccHoos, Mon*, etc. re- regulations, penalties, forfeitures, provifions, daufes, natters, ing fpirit* for an<* things, which in or by any aA or aAs of parliament rdat* exportation, ing to the making of fpirits for exponation to foreign parts, or etc. in force carrying fuch fpirits coaftwife, or to the duties upon won er at paffing of wtfh brewed or made (or extraAing fpirits for home coo* fumption, or relating to the duties upon low wines and fpirits for home confumption, in force at the tiojp of paffing of an ad made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prelent Mass Geo, t. jefty, intituled. An aft to	for	a	limited	tbepaf-

*. 40. tea. *; mtnt tj- t/,t duties,upon low wines and fpirits for borne confumptm, and for granting and feasting the due payment of other dienes in bet thereof i and far the better regulation of the making and vending BH-ti(h fpirits, as well for home comfumptien as forexptrtation, and for dell toying all home made and foreign- fpirits after the condemnation thereof j and for vefling in his Majefly the duties of tntift within the lands of Ferintofh in the eounty e/lnvernefs; and for a limited time, certain impofts and duties upon rum and fpirits imported from the Weft Indies; or in or by the faid aA made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, inti-andthofecon* luted. An aft to aifcontinue, for a limited time, the payment of she tained in *6 duties upon low wines and Jpirits for home comfumption, and for °TtLur t’ n‘ brant’nt	ftturing the due payment of other duties in Btu thtreef-,

ievyinjf du* an* ftr **e ***** regulation of the making and vending Britilh fpirits; ties, etc. and for difeontinuing,	for a limited , certain intptfts and daties

upon rum and fpirits imported from tho Weft Indies j are contained, provided, fettled, or effablilhed, for making, affefling, raif-ing, levying, colleAing, paying, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, afeertaining, enforcing, or fccuring the rates or duties v	thereby

rBSL] Anno vicefimo o&»vo Georoii IIL c. 46.	5x7

crcty impofcd, or hereby continued, and Cor preventing, de-aim, and punching fraud* relating thereto, and not being altered, repealed, changed, or controlled by this aft, r not being repugnant to any of the natters, claufc*, pro* tfianf, or regulation* in thic aft contained, (hall be and con* to be applied in full force, and be duly obfenred, praftiped, applied, fed, -and pot in execution throughout Great Britain, in and for a£, vc managing, affeffing, railing, levying, collecting, paying,

DCOTcring, adjudging, mitigating* ascertaining, enforcing, and xwing the faid feveral duties by this aCt im poled or continued $ ad ior preventing, detecting, and punching frauds relating bgreto, So far as the fame are applicable thereunto rcfpeCtively, a fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and tvenr the (aid powers, authorities, methods, rules, directions, cgumtiorts, penalties, forfeitures, provifions, claufes, matters, ind things, had been exprefsly inferted and re-enaCted in this kdfco

LXXXIV. And be it further enaCted by the authority afore* akL That all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties. Powers of ibmkiires, claufes, matters, and things, which, in and by an *•£»•»• ifi, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the °Q Second, intituled, Jn att far taking away the court tf wards and this aft. liveries, and tenures in Capite, and by knights ftwice, and purveyance* and for fettling a revenue upon bis Majejly in lieu thereof, of by any other law now in force relating to his Majefty’s revenue of exetfe upon beer, ale, and other lujuors, are . provided and eftabiilbed for managing, raiflhg,'levying, collecting, mitigat-ing or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the duties thereby	•

granted, or any of them, (other than and in Such cafes for which	j,

fucb penalties or provifions are made and provided by this aCt),	#

(hall be praCtifed, ufed, and put in execution. In and for the managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the faid duties hereby granted, as fully and effe&u-ally, to all intents and purpofes,as if all and every the faid	,

powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enaCtcd in this prefent aCt.

LXXXV. And be it further enaCted by the authority afore* faid. That all the money arifing by the duties by this aCt im- Duties to be pofed, (the neceftary charges or raifing and accounting for the P"d into the feme excepted) (hall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt a£dc»m«dto of his Majefty’s exchequer at Weftminjler; and the faid monies the confolt-fo paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as aforefaid, ihall be dated fund, carried to, and made part of the fund called The confolidatedfund.

LXXXVI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore*

(aid, That this a St (hall commence and take effeCt, as to all fuch Aft to com* matters and things therein contained, in rcfpeft whereof no ®cncf»Ml° fpecial commencement is hereby directed or provided, from andwh?rc wafpe-immediately after the fifth day of July one thoufand (even hundred cial com-and eighty-eight, and (hall remain and continue in force, as to mencement is all (uch matters and things therein contained, in refpeft whereof Pr^^* ^

lt 1738,	9

'Digitized by

and contincc in force one year.

Preamble.

Church war* densandover-feers of the poor, with con fen t of twojuftice*, may bind boys chargeable, etc. apprentices to chimney fweepers.

The age of toeapprentice to be inferted in the indenture.

Anno vicefimo o&avo GsorGji HI. C..47,48.

it is not hereby otherwif® dipe^ed^for the fpace of one yeas, V be computed from that day.

CAP. XLVIL

An a ft for allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills p»4t by PapifU, and for relief of Proteftant pnrehafes.-^—To Septcnbe I, 1788.

CAP; XLVIII.	r

An aft for tie better regulation of chimney J'weepers9 and 'ifcsr x	apprentices.

WHEREAS the laws now in being refpeft:ng: mqfien mi apprentices do not provide fufficient regulations, fo as tojn-vent various complicated miseries, to which boys employed in climfaf and cleanfing of chimneys are liable* beyond any other employment what-foever, in which boys of tender pars are engagedand where** di tnifery of the /aid boys might be much alleviated, if fome legal pswtn and authorities were given for the regulation of chimney fweepers, cW their apprentices: may it therefore pleafe your Majcfty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred, and eigbty-eigbt, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor, for the time being, of the feveral and refpedive parifhes, towrtfhips, or places, wmiia the kingdom of Great Britain, by and with the confent and approbation of two or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, ading in and for any county, riding, city, town corporate, borpugh, or divifion, within Great Britain, (fuch confent and approbation to be fignified by fuch juftices in writing, under their hands, according to the form preferibed by the indenture contained in the fchedule hereunto annexed) to bind or put our any boy, or boys, who is, are-, or (hall be of the age of eight years, or upward; and who is, are, or (hall be chargeable, or whofe parents are or (hall become chargeable to the parith or parilhes, or places, where they (hall fo be; or who (hall be for alms; or by and with the confent of the parent or parents of fuch boy or boys, to be apprentice and apprentices to any ^perfop or perfons ufing or exercjfing the trade, bufinefs, o; myfiery of a chimney fweeper, for fo long time, and until fuch boy or boys (hall attain or come to the age of fixteen years; anJ fuch binding out any fuch apprentice and apprentices, (ball be as effedual in the law, to ail intents and purpofes, as if fuch boy or boys was or were of full age, and by indenture had bound I himfelf or themfelves an apprentice or apprentices.	I

II. And, to the end that the time of the continuance of thef/rvrr/ of fuch apprentice or apprentices may plainly and certainly appear, be it further enaded, That the age of every fuch boy or boys, fo to be bound apprentice or apprentices, (hall be mentioned and

in felled

Digitized by

Google

3 ~ Anno vkcBmoodavo Georgii III. c. 48.	'	9

d in fuch indenture, being taken truly from the copy of try in the regifter book, wherein the time of his or their » prized is or (hall be entered (where the fame can or may ) ; which copy (hall be given and atrefted by the minifter, or'corate of fuch parifh or parities or places wherein fuch ’ boys baptifm (hall be regiftered, without fee or reward, lay be written upon paper or parchment, without any or mark; and where no fuch copy of fuch boy or boys baptized can be had, fuch judices of the peace (hall* as s they can, inform themfelves of his or their age or ages*

>m fuch information fhall in fen the fame in the (aid inderi-ind the age of fuch boy or boys, fo inferted and mentioned in d indenture (in relation to the continuance of his dr their :) (hall be taken to he his and their true age and ages* jt any further proof thereof.

Andy to the end and intent that there may be no doubt or un+

\ty as to the form of the indenture, by which fuch boy or boys f hound apprentice or apprentices as aforefaidy and that thefiipu* and agreements to be made and entered into by the fiid ntafer trefs may plainly and fully appear; be it enacted by the autho-brefaid. That fuch indenture (hall be made and written Reference ta ccording to the form in the fchcdule hereunto annexed, jjj* fj^nture hat the fame (hall not be charged with or liable to the pay- inthefehc-of any higher or other ftamp duty, than is now charged duld. indentures for binding out poor children by their refpedive ICO or places; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwith-mg.

* And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid^

; all indentures, covenants, promifes, and bargains here- Penalty 00 to be made, or taken* of or for the having, taking, em- ^prentices ng, retaining* or keeping of any boy or boys, as or in the under the age re of an apprentice or apprentices* or fervant or fervants, of * years* oyed in the capacity of a climbing boy or chimney fweeper,

(hall be under the age of eight years as aforefaid, than is by ift limited* ordained, and appointed, (hall be abfolutely void ic law to all intents and purpofes: and that every perfon (hall from henceforth have, take, employ, retain, or keep fuch boy or boys as or in the nature of an apprentice or ap-Ikes, or fervant employed in the capacity of a climbing boy lumpey fweeper as aforefaid, who (hall be under the age of t years &s aforefaid, contrary to the tenor and true meaning us ad, and being convided thereof, ♦as herein-after men-ed, (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch apprentice or fervant* y him or her had, taken, employed, retained, or kept, any not exceeding ten pounds, nor Jefs than five pounds. r. And whereas, in many large parijbes within this realm, then teveral townjbips or villages, and overfeers of the poor are chofen appointed within and for each fuch townjbip or village r effective-be it therefore further enaded by the authority aforefaid, at the overleers of the poor of every fuch town(hip or village Overfeers of it and may from time to time, within every fuch townlhip or the poor erf 1OL. XXXVI,	Mm	village,	aDV towa-

Digitized by

Google

570	Anno	vicefimo	o£tavoGeorgii HL €• 4$.

Ihip or village village, do, perform and fexecute, all and every the ads, poem, I may aft as^ an(j authorities hejeby enacted or directed to be done, perfw den^ War" or c*ccuted by the churchwardens or overfcers 0# the'per of a parifh or place; any thing herein, or in any other-tew* laws, contained to the contrary in anywife notwithftandiif. I

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority tfafm,

Jutticestode- That it (hall and may be lawful for one or more (uchj«Kae« termine; com* juftices, and he or they lhall have full power and authority, ad tween matters 1S an<*are hereby authorifed and impowered to inquire intoarie** and appren- amine, hear, and determine, as well all complaints of harder ticcs.	ill ufage from the ieveral and refpeftive mafters or miftrd&s,*

whom fuch apprentice and apprentices (hall be fo bound as rib* faid, as alfo all complaints of fuch boys as already have, oreho (hall at any time hereafter voluntarily put themfelves appreatfees to fuch trade, bufinefs, or mvftery of a chimney fweeper asribft-faid; and in like manner alio to enquire into and examine,tear, and determine all complaints of mafters or miftrefles agrinftfeb apprentice and apprentices, and to make fuch orders titan fpeftively, as he or they is or are now enabled by law to (toil other cafes between mafters and apprentices.

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afoicM,

Notmbrethan That no perfon or perfons ufing or exercifing the trade, bufioeft, atthefameCa or myftcry °f a chimney fweeper, (hall retain, keep, oreqploy | time.	any more than fix apprentices at one and the fame time 5 aodttet

the name of every perfon fo taking or receiving an apprentice or | apprentices as aforefaid, and alfo the place of his or her abate, 1 (hall be marked or put upon a brafs plate, to be fa 0? | offixed in the front of a leathern cap, which every mafter or miftrefs (hall provide for each fuch apprentice, and which he (hall wear when out upon his duty ; and that every aifter or miftrefs (hall forfeit for every apprentice fo retained, kep, or employed by him or her beyond the number limited by this aft, or for neglefting to provide each fuch apprentice with fuch leathern cap, and brafs plate to be fo affixed thereupon, and marked with his or her name and place of abode as afore* faid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad, my fum not exceeding the fum of ten pounds, nor lefs than 6te pounds.

VIII.	And be ft further enafted by the authority aforeM, Tenalty on That if any fuch mafter or miftrefs (hall mifufe or evil treat bis the matter or her apprentice, or that the faid apprentice (hall havemyjuft an ^7 the °* cau^c t0 comP^ain °f ihe forfeiture or breach of any of the owe-covenants6 nants, claufes, or agreements, to be exprefted and contained to fpecirtedm fuch indenture, made and written out according to tbefoitnin the indenture, the fchedule hereunto annexed, on the part and behalf of fai

mafter or miftrefs, then, and in fuch cafe, fuch mafter or miftrefs, being convifted thereof in manner heretn*aftennn* tioned, (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, any fom not exceeding ten pounds, nor lefs than five pounds. Thatboyslhall IX. And be it further enafted, That no perfon or perfons not he let out ufing or exercifing the trade, bufinefs, or irtyftery of a chimney tocliuhc°r ^wwPcr> *€t out t0 & lead by the day or othcrviC:,

^	,	Digitized	by

»

*7*8;] Anao yioepmo octavo GsqRGll Ilk €. 4*.	?5«

to^ny other perfon for the purpofe of fwceping of .chimneys before aijjboy or boys that are already apprentice, or apprentices, qr ti&t (hall hereafter be bound apprentice or apprentices, upder (fee jdiretf ions of this att, nor (hall catife fuch boy or boys to call the ftreets before feven, of the clock in. the mornings nor after tpfdhre* of the clock at^noon, between Michaelmas and Lady*day*

Dor,before, five of the clock in the morning, nor after twelve q( theclock at noon, between Lady'fay and Michaelmas; and that if .any in after or miftrefs (hall, after the palling of this att, offend in,any of the cafes aforefaid, he or Ale (hall Forfeit and pay, for qvfty fuch offence, any (urn not exceeding ten pounds, nor left than five pounds.

;X. And be it further chatted by the authority aforefaid, That ConvfAiooe all convictions for penalties and forfeitures, by this att impofed for penalties’ for any offence againft the fame, (hall be made before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace, acting for the county, x'\dr madc before ii>g, city, town, borough, or divifion, where fuch offence was one or more commuted, either by confeflion of the offender* or upon the juices °f oath, of one or iripre credible witnefi? or witnefles; and for thatthc PcaC€* purpofe it (hall be lawful for one or more fuch juftice or juftices, nppi\ Complaints made to bim.or ftiem thereof, to fummon the •perfon or perfons fo offending before him or them to anfwcr to iiich complaint,; in fuch manner as be of they is afid are author fifed to do itv any other matter cognizable before amagiftrate.

And be,it further chatted by the authority aforqfajd,

That all penalties, and for feitures by this att impofed for any of- Penalties how fence, neglett, or default againft the fame, and all cofts and to charges to be allowed and ordered by the authority of this att, ™ applc * (ball be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the offender, or perfon liable or ordered to pay the fame refpettive-ly, by warrant under the hand and feal of one or more fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, atting for the county, riding, city, town, borough, or divifion, where fuch offence, neglett, or default (hall happen 5 and fuch order for payment of fuch coft9 or charges (hall be made, rendering the overplus of fuch diftrefs and.(if any) to the party or parties, after dedutting the 'charges of making the fame 5 which warrant fuch juftice or juf-ticcs is and are hereby impowered and required to grant, upon convittipn of the offender, by confeflion, or upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, or upon order made as; aforefaid; and the penalties and forfeitures, Cofts and charges, when fo levied, (hall be paid, the one half tt> the informer, and the other half to the overfeers of the poor of the parilh, town-(hip, or place, where the mafter or miftrefs of fuch apprentice (hall dwell and inhabit; and in cafe fuch diftrefs cannot be found, and fuch penalties and forfeitures, or the faid cofts or charges (ball not be forthwith paid, it (hall and may be lawful ior fuch juftice or juftices, and he and they is and are hereby authorifed and required, by warrant under his or their hand and Jcal, or hands and feals, to commit fuch offender or offenders, or perlon. or perfons liable to pay the fame refpettiycly, to the , M m 2	common

Digitized by

Google

*

No warrant of diftref* to be iflued until fix days after the convi&ion.

Diftrefs not unlawful for want of form* &c.

Ahno vrcefitno oflavo Georgii III. c. 48.	[1

common gaol or houfe of correction of the county, riding, city, town, borough, or divifion* where the offence (ball be com* mitted, or fuch order as aforefaid (hall be made, for any time not exceeding three months, unlefs the (aid penalty, forfeitflire, cofts or charges, (hall refpedtively be fooner paid.

XII.	Provided nevertheless. That no warrant of diftrefs (haS be iffued for levying any penalty or forfeiture, cofts or charm, until fix days after the offender (hall have been convidled, ana an order made arid Served upon him or her for payment thereof.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That where any diftrefs (hall be made for any fum or Toms of money, to.be levied by virtue of this aft, the diftrefs itfelf fell not be deemed unlawful, not the party or parties making the fame be deemed a trefpaffer or trefpaffers, on account of any default, or want of form in anv proceedings relating thereto; nor (hall the party or parties diftraining be deemed a trefpaffer or trefpaffers ob initio, on account of any irregularity which (hallbe afterwards done by the party or parties diftraining; bur the perfon or perfons aggrieved by fuch irregularity may recover a fuB Satisfaction for the fpecial damage in an action on the Cafe.

* /XIV. Provided always. That no plaintiff or plaintiffs feB

torecovcrTor/fccoYe'r Trv. any action for any fuch irregularity, trcfpafc, or any irreau- 'toron&riJl proceedings, if tender of Sufficient amends (hall he d”**? f ffi-" imadepf oj^on the behalf of the party or parties who (hall hare <lent amends COmtrfift^ror caufed to have been committed, any fuch ir-'regblirity or wrongful proceedings, before fuch adtion brought; and in cafejio fetch tender (hall have been made, it (hall and may/be lawful for the defendant in any fuch adtion, by leaveof the court where' fuch action (hall depend, at any time before jfllifc joined, to pay into court fuch fum of money as he or they (hall fee fit, whereupon'fuch proceedings or orders and judgements (hall be had, made; 'and*given, in and by fuch court, ai in other actions where' the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.	/

XV.	And be it further enadtdd. That Where any oath is hereby required and directed to be taken,* the juftice or juftices of the peace of the county, riding, city, town, borough, or di-vifion, where the offence (hall be committed, jhail adminifler, and he or they is and are hereby refpe&ively impowered to ad-minifter the fame.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That if any perfon (hall think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by any thing done by any juftice Or juftices of the peace, in purfuance of this ad, fuch perfon may appeal to the juftices of the peace at the next general or quarter felfions of the peace to be holden for the county, riding, city, town, borough, or divifion wherein the caufe of fuch complaint (hall arife, having firft entered into a recognisance, with Sufficient furety, before luch juftices, to pro-fecute and abide by the order or orders that Shall be made on (bch appeal, and alfo giving, or cauftng to be given, to the jut rice by whole or afts fuch perfon (hall think himfelf or her*

fclf

Plaintiff not

be made.

Ju (licet to administer oaths.

Perfona aggrieved may appeal, etc.

Digitized by

Google

17**0 Anno vicdimo o&avo Geqrgii IIL c. 48*

iejf aggrieved, notice in writing of his or her intention to bring riipfr appeal, and of the matter thereof, within fix days after the we of fuch complaint fhall have arifen.

*,J£VIL And be it further exulted by *he authority aforefaid, That this a<5t (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a pub-i and be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, jultices, and other perfons whom foe vcr, without Specially plead* ing tlie fame.

Tlic SCHEDULE to which the A C T refers.

THIS Indenture, made the	day of

in the	year of the reign of our fovereign lord

Qttrge the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, Frame, and	Ireland, King, defender of the faith. See. and in the year

of our Lord	between	A. B. and C, D.

churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of the parith of

in the county of	[or	E.	F.	the	father or

n$xt friend of the boy to be placed out, as the taft may of the one part; and	of	the pariih

of,	in	the	county	of	chimney

fweeper, of the other part: witnefleth. That the faid churchwardens and overfeers of the poor [or the faid E. F. M tbt raft megrbe] by, and with the confent and approbation of G, H. and /.	K. two of his Majefty's juftices of die peace ading in and for

t^e county, riding, city, town, borough, or diviuQD [at taftmay be]fignified as hereunder written, pm,bound, and by thefe prefects	put	and bind

a poor boy of the (aid parift), tbwnlhip, or place, being of the age of	years [er '

taft may be] to be apprentice to the (aid M being his firft, fccond, third, fourth, fifth, er fixth apprentice [ex the taft may bt] to learn the trade, bufioeft, art and myftery of a chimney fweeper, and with him, (or her) to dwell, remain, and ferve from the day of the date of thefe prefents, for and during the term of years, from hence next eaiding, fully to be compleat and ended, during all which time he the faid	apprentice,	his faid mafter (or miftrefs)

faithfully (hall fitrve and obey, his (or her) fecrcts keep, and his (or her) lawful commands every where gladly do and perform ; he (hall not haunt alehoufes or gaming houfes, nor abfent bim-(elf from the fervice of his faid mafter (or miftrefs) day.or night. Without .his (or her) leave, but in all things as a faithful apprentice (hall behave himfelf towards his (aid mafter (or miftrefs) and all his (or her) during the faid term: and the faid

in confideration of the good will which he (or (he) hath and beareth towards the (aid apprentice, and of the faith— 'ful fervice To to be performed by him, doth hereby covcn#pit, promife, and agree with the faid churchwardens and overfeers of the poor, [or the faid E. F. as tbt taft may bt] that he (he) {he faid	his	(or her) fai4 apprentice, in

......................%

Publick

Digitized by Google *•

524	Anno vlcefimo o£Eavo GeorOii lit. c. 48. f 178K

the art and myftery 6f a" chimney (Weeper, which he (or (be) pow ufcth, (hall and will teach and indraft, or caufe to be taught and indruftcd, in the bed manner that he (or (he) can, ml (hall and will provide and allow unto the (aid apprentice, doting all the (aid term, competent and fufficient meat, drink, waft* ing, lodging, apparel, and all other things necdTary for the bid apprentice: and that the f«id	executors,	ad mini drat on,

pr affigns, (hall not nor will affign over this prefent indenture, pr the apprentice to be bound thereby, without the confer* and approbation, in writing, of two or more fuch juft ices of the peace, to be fignified according to the form of the approbation hereunder Written. And whereas, from the nature of the bufi-nefs or employment of a chimney fweeper, it is neceflary for the boys, employed in climbing, to have a drefs particularly fsitai to that purpbfe, which drcis is only fit for that part of the occupation ; the (aid	doth hereby iKb

covenaht, promife, and agree to and with the faid churchwardeaf and overfeers of the'pdor, [>r the faid E. F. as the cafe may be] to find and allow fuch fuitable drefs for the faid apprentice, as often ai deed or occafion (hall be and require, and provide for £nd deliver to the faid apprentice, once in every year at kafi^ dhrinfcthe term aforefcid, over and above the faid drefs for^draining, pne whole and compleat fuit of cloathing, iwtfi fultabte toieri, dockings, fiats, and (hoes: and further, Tfist the ford r '	(hall	and	will, at lead once in

ftvery irePR; cabfefhe&id apprentice tti be thoroughly wSflWd and .cleanfed from foot and dirt, and (hall and will require ttfe Aid appfebtifce to attend the pubtick worthip of God on the fib* bath day, arid permit and allbw him to receive the benefit of any other rdligidus inftruftiort ; add that the faid apprentice (half n<* wear his (weeping drefs on that day: and that the (aid

mall not, nor wtff corbpel or oblige thd (aid ippitb tice td ca!| the Greets, or any other places, before feven df fW clock itf the mbrrtirig, nbf after twelve of the clock at noon, tween Mkhaeltnih and LaSy^day^ nor before five of the deftc H the mbrtiihgk tf 6r aftVr twelve of the dock! at noon, bCtWem La<fy-day and Mithttlthai: and thit thd faid (hall nof, nor will af any time during the faid term, let oot hft [or her) faid apprentice tor1 Aire by the day, dfeht, or otbttltfft, to arty other ptrfon of perfony excrcifing or ufing the faid trade, nor mall the (aid	or any perfotl of

perfons tvhorrifoever by his (or her) direftibns, requite or force him the faid apprentice to climb or go up any chimney which (hall be aftualty on fire, nor make ufe df any violent or itriprd* per means to force hint to dimb of go up arty fuch chimney; but (hall ip all things treat his (tit her) faid apprdritice with as much humanity ana care as the nature of the employment of i chimney fweeper will admit of. Xri witnefc, &c.

Digitized by

Google

• fi

Anno viccfimo oltavo Georgii III. c. 49.	525

Form of approbation by jujlices.

_ tht above-named G. H. and /. AT. two of his Majefty’s.

[juftices of the peace ailing in and for the county, riding, town, borough, or divifion [as the cafe may be] having LurUpe&cci and examined the above-named

boy to be placed out oraffigned over] do hereby confent to and approve of his being bound [or affigned overj as an apprentice to the above-named	[the	mafer or

according to the terms and ftipulations exprefled in tjixe above-written indenture.	'

CAP. XLIX.

Ak a& to enable jujlices of the peace to aft as fuch, in certain cafes,

. nut of the limits of the counties in which tbeyaftually are.

WHEREAS the adminijiration of jujlice Is frequently ob- Preamble. Jlruftei for want of refidetit jujlices of the peace, and might furthered in cafe the jujlices afting for two or more adjoining

Ktji^are enabled to aft for the fame% if perfonally prefent in either in which they aft\ for remedy whereof, in future, may it ; your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enabled ? King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and it gf the .lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this	*

parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, fijOrn and after the palling of this ad, it (hall and may be Wypfui (or any juftice or juftices of the peace, acting as fuch for more counties being adjoining counties, to ad as ^ pr juftices of the peace in all matters and things whatfo-concerning or in any wife relating to any or either of the ! counties, and that all ad and ads of fuch jufticc or juftices [tfig peace, and the ad and ads of any conftable or other officer in " tdience thereto, (ball be as valid, good, and effedhul in the , to ail intents and purpofes whatfoever, as if fuch ad or . of the faid juftice or juftices, had been done in the county $£Cgimtics to which fuch ad or ads more particularly relate;

conftabLes ^nd other officers of the faid county or counties tyt ^hich fuch ad or ads relate, are hereby authorifed and re-auifed to obey the warrants, orders, diredtions, ad and ads of juftice or juftices fo granted, given and done, and to do 8}q4. perform their feveral offices and duties, under the pains and penalties to which any conftable or other officer may be liable tor a negled of duty : provided always. That luch juftice or juf-t}ccs be perfonally refident in one of the faid counties at the time of doing fuch ad or ads: provided alfo. That the warrants, orders, or diredions, fo to be given and granted, be direded and given in the firft ioftance to the conftable or other officer of the county to which the fame more particularly relate.

II. And be it further enaded by the authority afofefaid, That Qonftables, from and after the palling of this ad, it (hall and may be law- ^^deta^hed fui for any conftable, tythingman, headborough, or other peace diftritfsmay >	Mm4	officer,	carry	ofFcnd-

Digitized by

Google

5*6	Anqo	vicefepo oftayo GeoRGII IIL c. 49.	[1781*	.

trstbcrrfnbe-officer, or any other peripn or ppfons apprehending or taking fofre il,fticc® iqto cuftody any perfon or per font offending againft law, tod to whiehM^cb whom they lawfully may and ought to apprehend and take di&ftct* be- info cuftody by virtue of his or their office or offices, or other-* long, though wife howfoever, to convey and take the perfon or perfons foap-th*y *5®** prehendyd pr taken, into enftody as aforefaid, to any jufti^e pc ppupty etc. juftices of the peace adting fof the (aid county, and refident m 9	*	fuel) adjoining county as aforefaid; and the faid conftahka,

tythingmen, ncadboroughs, and other peace officers, and all and every other perfon or perfons, are hereby authorifed, im-powered, and required, in ail fuch cafes, fo to a<51 in all things as if the faid jufticc or jufticc* of the peace was or were refidcot within the faid county to which they refpe&ively belong; and all and every perfon or perfons obftru&ing or hindering the £ud conftabjes, tythingmen, headboroughi, or other peace officers, in the execution of their refpc&ive offices, in the faid county or counties adjoining as aforesaid, (hall be, and are hereby nude 1 liable to the fame pains and penalties, for fuch obftru&ion sod hindrance of the faid officers in the execution of their tefpedive offices, as if the fame had been committed in the county for which the faid conftablcs, tythingmen, headboroughss or other peace officers, were appointed to adh Sheriff*, etc. Jll. And be it farther enadted by the authority aforefaid, That, qpnvcy from and after the palling of this adt, it (ball and may be lawfdl

fuch detached any	or otllcr pcrfpn or perfons deputed by him, or

diftri&s, ^adfing under his authority, ponftable, headborough, tythiug-through fur-	man, or other peace officer, or	any qther perfon or petfons law-

rounding	#ully taking into, or having in	his or their cuftody rdpedhrdf,

the gaol of° ?n¥ Pcrf°° or perfons offending againft law, and whom he or the county to ^leY may or might lawfully convey to gaol, or an? place of Me which the	cuftody, to convey or take the	fold perfon or perfons fo in cof»

diftnet bp-	tody as aforefaid, into and through any part or parts of the laid

longs. county or counties fo adjoining in their way to Aich gaol of place of fafe cuftody within the county wherein fuch offencewas done or committed5 and all and every perfon or perfons cleaning from fuch cuftody as aforefaid, or aiding or affifting fuch enpd or cfcapes, or rescuing fuch perfon or. perfons fo in cuftodv as aforefaid, (hall be fubjedl to the like pains and penalties for lack cfcape or efcapes, and for fuch aid and affiftance fo given as aforefaid, apd for fuch refeufc and refeues, as if the faid efcape or efcapes hgd happened, or fuch aid and affiftance had been giveo, or fuch refeue or, refeues made, in the county wherein iuch offence was done or committed.

IV.	And whereas by an at7 patted in the ninth year of the reign of % Oeo. x. c. 7. JUing George the Firfl, (intituled, An adt for amending the laws relating to the fettlement, employment, and relief of the poor), provifion is made for enabling jufliees of the peace, dwelling inanyaty or otbet freeing being a aunty of itjelf9 fituate within a eemnty at large, to aft as fuch jufliees for the county at large, at certain fdaegs within fuch city, town, or other precintt: and whereas fitch pro-ytjiens have been found benefleiai to the public!, but doubts have srifin

; -'	y	fK*

Digitized by Google

r8R] Anno vicefimo oftavo GsoROIl III. c. 50,

itb 'tfjpttt t$ the (onftrufiim of the	ad in certain cafes \ ftr

e ntMtving whereof,be it enabled, Thar, from and after the tflkg of this att, it (hail and may be lawful for any juftice • juftices of the peace, a (fling for any county at large, to a<51 ait any place within any city, town, or other prccinft, a county of itfelf, and fituate within, furrounded by, or j)«Mling to any fuch county at large; and that all and every ttfcPafft'and aits, matters and things, done by fuch juftice or tffiteei of the peace for the faid county at large, within fuch itjv town, or other pecinit, (hall be as valid and effectual in He law, as if the fame had been done within the faid county t targe to all intents and purpofes whatfoever: provided af-rsy*> That nothing in this ail contained (hall extend to give lower to the juftices of the peace for any county at large, not letag juftices for fach city,, town, or other prccinil, or any ionftable or other officer ailing under them, to ail or interpaddle in any matters or things arifing within any fuch city, Dtn, or precindt, in any manner whatfoever.

CAP. L.

An tA to amend, and continue, for a limited time, an aft palled in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, Aa aft for further regulating the trade and bufinefs of pawnbrokers.

Preamble. *7 Geo. 3. c. 37. Recited aft continued for one year. A daufc in laid aft; feet. 17. repealed. Publick aft.

‘	C	A	P.	LI.

Au-aft to explain, amend, and enlarge the powers of fo much of two a#s, paired in the eleventh and fifteenth years of the reign of his pre-£&t Afcyefty, for improving and completing the navigation of the ri-vers Thames and Ifia, from the dty of London to the town of Crick-lade, in the county of Wilts, as relates to the navigation of the AiArnfera frota the boundary of the jurifdiftion of the city of London, near Staines, in the county of Middlcfcx, to the laid town of CtekJabe,

Preamble, ti Geo. «. c. 45* whereby the commiffloners had ratted 3^^061. arid expended the fame in making pound locks, Ac. and tow-ing pathsfrom Staines in Middlelex to Cleeve in Oafordfhire. 15 Geo. 3. c. si.v comxnii&oners had expended 50,000!. not fuffident to complete the works. Old powers confirmed. Tolls and works veiled in commttfioners. Commiffioncrs, by their treafurer or clerk, may bring or defend aftions. Any perfon to bring aftiods againft comtairaoners, in tht oameof treafnrfcr or general clerk. Aftions not to abate by death or removal of treafurer or clerk. Power to borrow 25,000!. more. Power to lay toDs. To alter tolls. Reftriftion of tolls to 4d. per ton at any one lock. Tolls to be collefted at pounds or other places. Account of tolls to be put up. Power to diftrain for tolls. Manure to be toll free. Penalty pn illegal claim to exemption iol. one moiety to the informer, the ocher for ufe of the navigation. Penalty on forcible paflage lot. and commitment to hard labour for three months. Commiffionera to fettle depth of water barges to draw, not exceeding 3 feet 10 inches. Erery vefTcl to have.% inches clear board when navigated. Tonnage to be taken ht pound locks on boats when laden to depth of 3 feet 9 inches and no more. To take double tolls if barges are overladen. Power to make cpta to pr from ajpoynd lock. Power to fell and purchafe lands, Ac. for cuts. Commimoneri to getermiqc the fi^e of locks and barges. '	Coot-

Digitized by Google

5*7

Juftices for counties at large may aft within any city being a county of itfelf, fituate therein brad* jpiningtofuch county ;

but cannot hold their

Suarter fcf-on in fuch dty,dcc.

CommifBonera may make bye hwp. Orders for laying tolls, and a*-, ing bye laws, tp be confirmed at fubfequent meeting. To prevent it 1 mages by overflowing of the rivers. Tolls and works to be free d j taxes. No perfon employed for gain or hire, to ad as a connsiSmo. i Recital of a&for amending navigation from Bercot to Oxford. Ttut works have been made. That works may be transferred to the com* mi (Boner 8 of navigation. Mode of recovery and application of peuL tics. Power of appeal to general meetings, or to quarter feffions. Pub-lick a6t.

Preamble. 10 Geo. 3. c. 16;

ix Geo. $. c.4*;

and 15 Geo. 3. c. 84. recited

No petition complaining of an undue tlcftion or

CAP. LII.

An aft for the further regulation of the trials of controverted ek-tions* or returns of members to ferve in parliament.

WH E REAS, by an aft of parliament pajfcd in the tenth year of the reign of hit prefent Majefiy* intituled, An ad to regulate the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to ferve in parliament, certain regulations were eftablijbt4, fa a time therein limited* fat the trials of controverted eltftions* mu* turns of members to Jerve in parliament: at$ whereas, by enid pajfed in the eleventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy* it-tituled* An a6t to explain and amend' an a& made in the lad feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft to regulate the trials *f controverted e left ions* or returns of members to ferve in partemout* further' regulations were made therein: and whereas the frm&rn of the faid afts were* by an aft pajfed. in the fourteenth year of tie reign of his prefent Majefiy* continued and made perpetual: ad whereas* by an aft pajjed in the twenty-fifth year of tin reign ej . bis prefent Majefiy* intitulidi An ad to limit the duration of • polls and fcruiinies, and for making other regulation* tricking the election of members to ferve in parliament fine pluses within England and Wales* and for Berwick upon Turned* and alfo for removing difficulties which may arife for want of re* turns being made of members to ferve in parliament, the poo* vifions of the faid afts were extended* in the manner thermo, mm* txoned* to petitions complaining that no return has been made toe writ* ijfued for the eleftion of a member or members. to ferve in per* liament* wit hin the times limited in the faid aft^ or that fiub return is not a return of a member or members according X* tie ropdfitimri the writ: and whereas it is expedient that further regulations Jbmi be wade for the execution of the faid feveroil afts, and that prompts Jbould be made for difeouraging perfons from prefentiug frivolous or vexatious petitions* or Jetting up frivolous or vexatious defence^ m any of the cafo to which the above-recited afts relate, end that fro* vtfion Jboula alfo be made for the final decifion of guefiions rejpefting the righ(s of voting at fuck cleft ions* or of uofninattng or appearing the returning officer or returning officers who are to prefidt Unroot: be it therefore enabled by the King's moft excellent tnajjcfty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirinial and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembied, and by the authority of the fame. That no petition complain-ing of an undue ele&ion or return, or of the omiffion of a return, or of the infuflfoiepey of a return, Stall be proceeded

upon,

Digitized by Google

Amiri vicefimo ofttfvo Georgii III. c. 52.	529

lort* in tht manner pteferibed in the faid above recited adte, return, to be kUflr life fame (hall be (ubfertbed by fome perfon or perfons proceeded MMhlg'therein to havd had a right to vote at the election to jJJbfcribed^t Wch the fame (hall • relate, drto have had a right to be re- herein men-rtMd as dbly eleAtdthertfat, or alledging himfelf or themfelves tioned. >havfe beeh a candidate or candidates at fuch eledHon: pro-4ed always, That in any cafe where a writ has been iflued for e dtdtiofl of a member to ferve in parliament for any diftridl

burghs in that partof Gnat Britain called Scotland, any fuch ‘tition as-aforcfVid (hall and may be fo proceeded upon, if the mefltairbe fubfcribed by any perfon or perfons claiming there-» to have had a right to vote at the election of any delegate r delegates, Commitfioner or' commifiioners, for chufing d argefs for fetch diftridt.

II. And be it further enadled, That if, at any time be-In the cafes ire the day appotrrttfd for talcing any fuch petition into con- ged^noticeto deration, the fpeaker of the houfe of commons (hall be inr he Cent bytae >rmed, by a Certificate in writing, fubfcribed by two of the fpeaker to the idmbers'of the faid houfe, of the death of the fitting member returningofli-* fitting members, of either of them, whofe eledlion or return c*r of r Complained 6P in fuch petition, or of the death of any mem-	pe-

or members returned upon a double return, whofe election tition relates, i^turci is complained of in fuch petition, or that a writ of tumnone has been iffacd, under the great feal of Great Britain, tofutrtmon any fuch member or members of parliament as a peef 6f Great' Britain ; or if the houfe of commons (hall have refolded that the feat of any fuch member is by law become ♦sfeam? 6r if the faid houfe (hall be informed, by a declaration m#ritSfig, fubfcribed by fuch member or members, or either dlthem, as the cafe (hall be, and delivered in at the table of the hdufe, that it is not the intention of fuch member or mem-

bers ter defend hi* Or their eledion* or return; in every fuch cafe notice thereof (hall immediately be fern by the fpeaker to and a copy fhb fhdfiff. Or other returning officer for the counry, borough or place to which fuch petition (hall relate, and fuch (heriff or doorsof^the* other returning oflfeer (hall caufe a true copy of the fame to be county or affiketf on the door* of the county hall or town hall, or of the town hall, ptrifh church neafeft to the place where fuch dedlion has °J ne*feft ofuaHy' been held, and fuch notice (hall alfo be inferted, by fnfcrtcdin Order of, the fpeaker, itt the next London Gazette; and the or- the gazette, der for taking fuch petition into confideration (hall, if neceflary, Order (brisk* be adjourned, fa that at the lead thirty days may intervene be- in? fuch pe-tweeh the day on which fuch notice fhall be inferted in the faid titloJ?Jint? gntttc and Hie day on which fuch petition (hall be taken into may ad-0* Confideration.	journed.

HI. And be it ertadteJ, That it (hall and may be lawful, at Within ja any time within thirty days after the day on which fuch notice daysafter no-fhaf! have been inferted in the (aid gazette, foe any perfon or *ice is fo in-{Jerfons claiming to have had a right to vote at fuch ele&ion, ^zeUe^anr or at the eledlion of delegates or commiflioners for making fuch f0jer maype-tfe&ion, to pethtort the houfe, praying tp be admitted as a tition to be ‘ ‘ T	'	r'	pny	admitted a

Digitized by Google ’

53*

party in the cbmplafot.

Members giving notice of their intention not to defend their clc$ion, not to be admits ted as pirties again ft any fucb petition, &c.

No proceedings to be had upon any petition, unleft one of the fubferibera enter into a recognizance to appear before the houfe at the time fixed for taking it into confederation.

and if no recognizance be duly entered into, theY>r-derfor taking the petition into confederation to be difeharged, unlefs caufe (hall be fecn for enlarging the time, &c.

Recognizances to be entered into before the fpeaker, pnd

Anno vtcefimo odtavo GeoRGH IIL c. 52. [17U,

party or parties, in the room of fuch member or members, or either of them 5 and fuch perfon orperfbns (hall thereupon fc* fo admitted as a party or parties, afid <h*U be confidcred a hich, to all intents and purpofes whatever.

IV.	And be it enadted, That whenever the member a members, whofe eledtion or return is fo complained of in fab petition, (hall have given fuch notice as aforefaid of his or dtdr intention not to defend the fame, he or they (hall nor be admitted to appear or a St as a party or parties againft fuch petition, in any fubfequent proceedings thereupon, any thing, fa the above-recited adts to the contrary notwithftanding ; anibc or they (hall alfo be reftrained from fitting in the houfe, or voting in any queftion, until fuch petition (hall have been decided upon in the manner preferibed by the above-recited ads and by this adt.

V.	And be it further enadted, That no proceeding (ball be had upon any petition, by virtue of the above-recited ads or of this adt, unlefs the perfon or perfons {ubferibing the fame, or (ome one or more of them, (hall, within fourteen days after the fame (hall have been prefented to the houfe, or widaa fuch further time as lhall be limited by the houfe, pcrfooaHy enter into a recognizance to our fovereign lord the King, according to the form hereunto annexed, in the fum of two hundred pounds, with two fufficient fureties, in the fain of one hundred pounds each, to appear before the houfe at fuch dine or times as (hall be fixed by the houfe for taking fuch petition into confideration, and alfo to appear before any. fele& committee which (hall be appointed by the houfe for the trial of the fame, and to renew the fame in every fubfequent feffion of parliament, until a felect committee (hall have been appointed by the houfe for the trial of the fame, or until the fame (hall hate been withdrawn by the permiffion of the houfe; and if, at the expiration of the faid fourteen days, fuch recognizance (hall not have been fo entered into, or lhall not have been received by the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, the fpeaker dull report the fame to the houfe, and the order for taking fuch petition into confideration (hall thereupon be difeharged, unlds, upon matter fpecially dated, and verified to the fatisfadtiod of the houfe, the houfe (hall fee caufe to enlarge the time for entering into fuch recognizance; and whenever fuch time (hall be fo enlarged, the order for taking fuch petition into confideration (hall, if necefiary, be podponed, fo that no fuch petition (hall be fo taken into confideration till after Ifuch recognizance (hall have been entered into and received by the (pester : provided always, That the time for entering into fuch recognizance (hall not be enlarged more than once, nor for anj number of days exceeding thirty.

VI.	And be it enadted. That the faid recognizances (hall be entered into bdfore the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, who is hereby authorifed and empowered to take the fame; and the Efficiency of the fureties named therein (hall be judged of and

aBowcd

Digitized by Google

- *1 *

»?S.j Anno vicefimo ofiavo Georgii 111. c. 52.	531

lowed by the laid fpeaker, on the report of two perfons ap- fofficiendf rioted by him to examine the lame, of which two perfons the ark, or defk affiftant of the houfe, (hall always be one, and *f by bin)| 0. te of the following officers, not being a member of the (aid the report of Male, (hall be the other) (that is to fay) mailers of the high the perfon* narc of chancery, clerks in the court of King's bench, protho- j^erei“ men* ntatryes in the court of common pleas, and clerks in the court uon< ’

F eaccbequer; and the laid perfons fo appointed are hereby au-loiffified and required, to examine the fame, and to report their kdgeroent thereupon; and are alfo hereby authorifed to de« taod and receive fuch fees, for fuch examination and report, a (hall be, from time to time, fixed by any refolution of the lOufe of commons.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, That in Sureties living my cafe. where the party or parties, who are to enter into fuch more than 40 ccoenizance, or his or their fureties, or either of them, (hall ?*!,eJ/rom y ttftde at a greater difiance from London than forty miles, it ^*t"r r“^J hall and may be lawful for fuch pany or parties, lurety or fure- nizance be-ties, refpedtively, to enter into fuch recognizance before any fore a juftke. . of his Majefiy’s juftices of the peace } and his Majcfiy’s jufiices of the peace, or any of them, is and are hereby authorifed and empowered to take the fame} and fuch recognizance, being duly certified under the hand of fuch jufiice, and being tranf* milted to the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, (hail nave the Came force and effedt as if the fame had been entered into before the faid fpeaker : provided alfo, That it (hall and may be Affidavits lawful for the perfons to whom it is referred by the fpeaker to ®**|e before a examine the fufficiency of fuch furety or fureties, to receive Sahcerr orI as evidence, in their faid examination,, any affidavits relating jufticeVto be thereto, which (hall be fworn before any mafter of the high received as court of chancery, or before any of his Majcfty’s juftices of the '^rnce of peace; and fuch mafiet of the high court of chancery, or jufiice of the peace, refpedtively, is hereby authorifed to adminifter 1 fuch oath, and is authorifed and required to certify fuch affidavit under his hand.

VIII.	And be it enadled, That the houfe (hall not permit Nopetition to any fuch petition to be withdrawn, except fo far as the fame be withdrawn may relate to the cledtion or return of any member or Wleftthe members who (hall, fince the fame (hall have been prefent- ha”e ea ed, have vacated his or their feat by death, or in any other been vacated, manner.

IX.	And be it enadted. That if the petitioner or petitioners, Recognizan-

wbo (hall have entered into fuch recognizance as aforefaid, cet F**'1'* (hallnot appear before the houfe by himfelf or themfelvcs, or Maring'be*-1*" by his or their counfel or agents, within one hour after the fore theboufe time fixed, in purfuance of the above-recitcd adls, and of this at the time ad, for calling in the refpedive parties, their counfel or	P™*

agents, for the purpofe of proceeding to the appointment of a appointment* (elect committee; or if the fcledt committee, appointed in 0r a feleft purfuance of the faid ads, and of this adt, for the trial of fuch committee, petition, (hall inform the houfe that fuch perfon or perfons did ^***®.^o‘*J‘*

I	n°*	wchequer^

I

53$	,Anno YtceGma o&avo Georgh 1IL c*52.	f 1jH&

- not appear before the (aid committee, by himfcif or tbemfeht% or by his or their counfel or agents, to profecpte tbtirfcidpfr tition j or if fuch perfon or peribns (hall neglect ra renew thdr faid petition within four fating days after the dby; of the cost mencement of every feffion of die fame parliament, fubfagootf to that in which fuch petition was firli prefen ted,, and oil * fc!e<5b committee (hall have been appointed for ttpri-eflbe fame, or until the fame (hall have been withdrawn by tbcptr-mi (lion of the houfe, in every fuch cafe fuch perfon or pcrfaw (hall be held to have made default in hi$ or their (aid recogft* zance; and the fpeaker of the houfe of commons (hall tin* upon certify fuch recognizance into the court of excheqaff, and (hall alfo certify that fuch perfon or perfoas have madeds-fault therein, and fuch certificate (hall be conclufive ewkfaoct of fuch default, and the recognizance being fo certified Uni have the fame effect as if the fame were eftreaud from aeftft Recognizance of law: provided always, That fuch recognizance and ccttSim to^dellver- ^a^ *n cvcry ca^c ^ delivered, by the clerk or clerks edtythederk fiGant of the houfe of commons, into the hands of tbeM a Aidant into chief baron of the exchequer, or of one of the barons pftk exchequer, or of fuch officer of the court of exchequer as4bl be appointed by the faid court to receive the fame.

X.	And whereas^ by feveral provifeons contained in the cbm* recited afts mode in the tenth and eleventh years of the reign if kit prefent Mojeflyy Sunday and Chriftmas Day are exceptedfymtbt general regulations of toe faid afts\ be it hereby ena&ed, Tta regulations of in every fuch cafe. Good Friday (hall.alfo be excepted therefaty tbe recited in the fame manner as if the fame had been fpecially excepod *&9'	in the faid alts.

preceding18*	^nd	11	a^°	ena<^cc^>	That	if,	on the day imoMdii*

Chriftmasday, ty preceding any of the three following days, that istofy See. there fhall Chriflmas Day, PFhitfunday, or Good Friday, after reading the not be ioo order of the day for taking any luch petition as aforefald into ft-nt”!)?™ Pnot conf,c^cral*on» lt (hall found that there are not one hundred excufed4can- members prefent, or that the number of forty-nine member*, not be com- not fet afide or excufcd, cannot be completed, it (hall and miy pitied, the or-be lawful for the houfe, if they (ball think (it, any thing in der for taking tiie above-recited alts to the contrary notwithfyanding, todirafi Uon into con- tJiat l^e orcier ^all he adjourned for any number of dip, federation,and and the houfe (hall then immediately be adjourned to tbe hour the houfe and day to which fuch order (hall be fo adjourned* may bead- XII. And whereas it is tnafted, by the faid afl pajfid in the db journer) or V(nth year of the reign of his prefent Majejiy, that on tbe

pointed for taking fuch petition into confederation % tbe houfe Jbailm proceed to any other bufinefs whatfeoever, except tbe fostering if mashers ^ previous to tbe reading of the order of the day fortbet pv-pofe\ be it hereby enalted, That it (hail and may be lawful for the houfe, previous to reading fuch order, to receive any report from any felelt committee appointed in purfuanccof the above-recited alts’, or of this alt, and to enter the lame upon their journals, and to give the necefiafy orderMnd^cdioos

there-

Digitized by Google

the exchequer,

Gcod Friday to be exempted from tbe

any number or days.

Oo days appointed for taking petitions into con-lidcration, reports from fc-

1788.3	.Anno v’iccfimo o&aVoGfcoRGii HI. c. 54.	>533

thereupon; and that previous to reading the faid order, the' left commit* derk of the crown may be admitted to alter or amend any re- &.c# ®*f taro, inpurfuance of on order made on a' preceding day, or p^Jj^Vto on that day; and alfe, that it (hall and may be lawful for the reading the houfe, previous to reading the (aid order, to poftpone the fame, order of the for the purpofe of attending his Majefty, or his Majefty’s com- <*ay. miffiontrs, in the houfe of lords, in confequence of any mef-fegefromhis Majefty, or from his Majefty’s commiffioners, fignified to the houfe in the uftial manner.

XIII. And be it alfo enaded, That if, within one hour af- If petitioners rer the timfe fixed in purfuance of the above-redted ads, and do not appear of this ad, for calling in the refpedive, parties, their counfel hour*after the or agents, for the purpofe of proceeding to the appointment of time fixed for a fcled committee, the petitioner or petitioners, or fome one appointing fe-or more of them, who /hall have figned any fuch petition, commit-fltall not appear by himfdf or themfelves, or by his or their |feVfortaidmr coUnfel or agents- the order for taking fuch petition into con- fuch petitions fideration (hail thereupon be difeharged, and fuch petition (hall intoconfider-not be any farther- proceeded upon in the manner directed in a^°n to be tbe-aboveiredted ^s, and in this ad.	difeharged.

•XIV. And be it‘enaded, That if, within one hour after Regulations the time fo appointed as aforefaid, the fitting member or fitting for trial of the members, or other party or parties oppofiog the petition, (hall {fJons w^ere • notappear by himfelf or themfelves, or by his or their counfel no party ap-or agents, or if, at the time fo appointed as aforefaid, there pears to op-(hall be no party before the houfe oppofing the petition, the pof^ them, houfe (hall proceed to appoint a feled committee, to try the merits of fuch petition, in the following manner; (that is to fay) that the names of forty-nine members (hall be drawn, in the manner preferibed in the above-recited ads, but in reducing the lift of fuch names to thirteen, the place of a party opposing the petition (hall be fupplied by the clerk appointed .to attend the faid committee, who (hall, as often as it (hall come to his turn, as fupplying the place of the party oppofing the petition, to ftrike out a name, ftrike out that name which then (hall be firft in the faid lift ; and in every cafe where the party oppofing the petition would be impowered, by the abovc-re-cited ads, to notninate one member to be added to the faid thirteen, the faid thirteen (hall, from among the perfons prefent in the houfe at the time of drawing the names of the members, chufe one perfon to fupply the place of the member to have been fo nominated, in the fame manner as is direded by the nbove-recited ad made in the eleventh year of his Majefty’s reign, in the cafe where there are more than two parties on 4iftmd interefts.

XV.	‘And be it further enaded, That the fame method of ^cthol^f reducing the lift of members drawn to thirteen, and of no- reducing the initiating a member to be added to the thirteen, remaining on iifttoi3tnem-the faid lift, (hall be refpedively followed, whenever any party hers, ^See. to (hall waive his right of (hiking off names from the /aid lift, or of nominating a member to be added to the faid thirteen. party (halt

XVI.	And waive hit # right to do it*

53+	Anno	vicefimo	oftavo Gborgii III. c; 51.'	£17!?.

WitnefTes not XVI. And be it further entded, That if any perloa fash attending the moned to attend the faid feledt committee by the warrant of the mittecTor* fr^kcr of the (aid houfe, or by order of the (aid committee, giving Talfe (hall difobey fuch fummons, or (hall give falfe evidence, or evidence, etc„ prevaricate, or otherwife mi (behave in giving, or in refnfing tobac^Bamit-10 gjvc> evidence before the faid committee, the laid committee tcd*	(hall have power, by a warrant to be figned by the chairman,

and dire&ed to the ferjeant at arms attending the houfe of ' commons, or to his deputy or deputies, to commit fitch perfon (not being a peer of the realm or a lord of parliament) to the cuftody of the faid ferjeant, without bail or msm-prize, for any time not exceeding twenty-four hours if the houfe (hall then be fitting, or if not, then for a time not exceeding twenty-four hours after the hour to which the houfe (hall then be adjourned.

XVII And whereas it is enafted by the faid aft made in the tenth year oj his Majefifs ritgny That if more (ban two members of tk faid Jeleft committee Jhally on any account, be abfent therefrom, the faid Jeleft committee Jball adjourn in the manner in the faid *8 directed, and fa from time to timey until thirteen members ere of fembled; and that no fuch determination as in the faid aft is mentioned Jball be madey nor any quejlion be propoftd, unlefs tbirtten members Jball be prefent 5 and that no member JhaU have a vote on fuch determination, or any other quejlion or resolution, who be* not attended during every fitting of the faid fete ft committee; and thgt% in cafe the number of members able to attend the faid eommittee Jbaff, by death or otherwiJey be unavoidably reduced to lefs than thirteen, and Jball fo continue for the fpace of three fitting days, the faid eommittee Jhall be di[folvedy and another cbofen to try and determine the matter of fuch petition, in the manner in the faid aft before proved-ed\ be it hereby ena&ed, That whenever any committee (haN fa^f^bufinefs *lavc ^at ^or bufinefs fourteen days, not including thofe dap 14 days, 11	00 which they (hall have adjourned on account ot the abfence

members may of any member, nor including Sunday, Chrijlmas Dajy or Good proceed	Friday, it (hall and may be lawful for them to proceed to bu-

thercin;	nefs, jf a number of members not lefs than twelve be prefeat;

and in fuch cafe, the committee (hall not be diflolved by rea-fon of the abfence of the members, unlefs the number of members able to attend- the fame (hall, by death or otherwife, be unavoidably reduced to lefs than twelve, and (hall fo contiiwe and if s; days, for the fpace of three fitting days; and whenever any com* si member* mittee lhall in like manner have fat for bufinefs twenty-five may proceed, jays, it (hall and may be lawful for them to proceed to bofi-nets, if a number of members not lefs than eleven be prefent; and in fuch cafe, the committee (hall not be diflolved by rea-(bn of the abfence of the members, unlefs the number of mem* bers able to attend the fame (hall, by death or otherwife, be unavoidably reduced to lefs than eleven, and (hall fo continue for the fpace of three fitting days.

Committees XVIII. And be it further enafted. That every fuch cousin their ye* mittee, at the fame time that they report to the houfe their

final

Digitized by v^.ooQle

Anno vlcefirpo o&avo Georgii III. C. 53.'	535

i ml dwtcrmination on the merits of the petition which. 4hej^pprt« to men -mere (worn to try, (hall alfo report to the houfe whcther'fuch i1”.-3etitiqn did, or did not, appear to them to be frivolous or appear^o beC" exatious j and that they (hall in Jike manner report, with re- frivolous or pc& to every parry or parties who (hail have appeared before vexatioui. hem in opposition to fuch petition, whether the oppofition of beb-party qr parties refpedtively did, or did not, appear to hem to l?e frivolous or vexatious; and that if no party (hall rave appeared before them in oppofition to fuch petition, they hall then report to the houfe whether fuch election or return,

>r loch a Hedged omiflion of a return, or fuch alledged infuf-icieocy of a return, as (hall be complained of in fuch petition, iccording as the cafe (hall be, did, or did not appear to them o be vexatious pr corrupt.

XIX.	And be it enadted, That whenever any fuch com- Parties oppof-anittce (hall report to the houfe, with refpeft to any fuch peti- ing petitions ion, that the fame appeared to them to be frivolous or vexa- "ported ***• tious, the party or parties, if any, who (hall have appeared be- y.Q^9°r n* fore the committee in oppofition to fuch petition, (hall be entitled to recover, from the perfon or perfons, or any of them,

who (hall have figned fuch petition, the full cods and expences which fuch party or parties (hall have incurred in oppofing the fame j fuch cods and expences to be afeertained in the manner hcrein-after direded.

XX.	And be it alfo enacted. That whenever any fuch com- and petition-mittee (hall report to the houfe, with refpedl to the oppofition

made to fuch petition by any party or parties who (hall have ap- Vcxatiou(ly or peared before them, that fuch oppofition appeared to them to be fmoloufly frivolous or vexatious, the perfon or perfons whoihall have figned oppofed.to be fuch petition (hall be entitled to recover from fuch party or entitled to ^ parties, or any of them, with refped to whom fuch report ^ncca!

(hall be made, the full cods and expences which fuch petitioner pr petitioners (hall refpedively have incurred in profecuting their laid petition; fuch.cods and expences to be afeertained in the manner herein-after directed.

XXI.	And be it alfo enabled, That whenever, in any cafe Where no where no party (hall have appeared before fuch committee in party appears oppofition to fuch petition, fuch committee (hall report to the ™ fuch ° houfe,. with refped to the election or return, or to the alledg- petition, the ed omiflion of a return, or to the alledged insufficiency of a re- cofts and ex-tur^ complained of in any fuch petition, that the feme ap- pences to be peared to them to be vexatious or corrupt, the perfon or per- ^{fn«yJ[em-fops who (hall have figned fuch petition (hall be entitled to re- ^6£a cover from the fitting member or. fitting members (if any) * whole election or return (hall be complained of inTuch petition,

fuch fitting member or fitting members not having given.notice as aforefaid of his or their intention not to defend the fam$, or from any other perfon or perfons whom the houfe (hall have admitted or directed to be made a party or parties to oppofe fuch petition, the full cods and expences which fpeh petitioner pr petitioners (hall have incurred in profecuting their faid pe-Vql. XXXVl.	Nn	■	tition;

Digitized by

Google

How fuch cofts and ex-pcnces arc ter be afeertain-ed.

536	Anno	vicefimo	odtavo	GeoRGii III. c. 52.	[1788

titlon ; fuch cods and expences to be afeertained in the manner here n-after direfted.

XXII.	And be it enacted, That in the feveral cafes hereinbefore mentioned, the cofts and expences of profecuting or op-pofing any fuch petition fhall be afeertained in manner following; (that is to fay), That on application made to the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, by any fuch petitioner or petitioners, or party or parties, as before-mentioned, for afeertaining fach cofts and expences, he (hall diredt the fame to be taxed by two perfons, of whom the clerk or clerk aftiftant of the houfe (hall always be one, and one of the following officers, not being a member of the houfe, fhall be the other; (that is to fay), matters in the high court of chancery, clerks in the court of King’s bench, prothonotaries in the court of common ptas, and clerks in the court of exchequer; and the perfons fo authored and direfied to tax fuch cofts and expences (hall, and they arc hereby required to examine the fame, and to report the amount thereof to the fpeaker of the faid houfe; who fhall, on application made to him, deliver to the party or parties a certificate, figned by himfelf, exprefling the amount of the cofts and expences allowed in fuch report; and the perfons fo appointed to tax fuch cofts, and report the amount thereof, are hereby au-thorifed to demand and receive, for fuch taxation and report, fuch fees as fhall be, from time to time, fixed by any refdunoa of the houfe.

XXIII.	And be it enabled. That it (hall and may be lawful for the party or parties entitled to fuch cofts and expences, or for his, her, or their executors or adminiftrators, to demand the whole amount thereof, fo certified as above, from any one or more of the perfons refpedtivcly, who are herein-before made liable to the payment thereof, in the feveral cafes herein-before mentioned; and, in cafe of nonpayment thereof, to recover the fame by adtion of debt, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVejUninjler; in which a&ion it fhall be fufiicient for the plaintiff or plaintiffs to declare that the defendant or defendants is or are indebted to him or them (in the fum to which the cofts and expences, afeertained in manner aforefaid, (hall amount) by virtue of this adt; and the certificate of the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, under his fignature, of the amount of fuch cofts and expences, together with an examined copy of the entries in the journals of the houfe of commons, of the refolution or refolutions of the faid feledt committee or committees, fhall be deemed full and fufficient evidence in fupport

Judgement in of fuch adtictfi or debt:‘provided always. That in every fuch action of debt, no wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed; and the party or parties in whofe favour judgement fhall be given in any fuch adtion, (hall recover hb or their cofts.

XXIV.	And be it further enadted. That in every cafe

rauvera rw- where amount of 'fucli cofts and expences fhall have been E32SK:	recovered from any perfon or perfons, it (hall and maybe

lawful

If cofts. See. be not paid on demand, they may be recovered by action of debt, etc.

fuch a&ions to entitle the party to cofts,

Perfons paying cofts may recover a pro-

Digitized by

Google

1788.] Anno vicefimo oAavo GeoRGH III c. 52.	537

lawful for fuch pcrfon or perfons to recover in like manner of from any from the other perfons, or any of them, if fuch there (hall be, Pfrfon* who (hall be liable to the payment of the faid cofts and ex- ,ab c thereto, pences, a proportionable (hare thereof, according to the number of perfons fo liable.

XXV.	And be it further enaAed, That whenever any fuch When the feleA committee, appointed to try the merits of any fuch pe- JP^irsof titioa as aforefaid, (hall be of opinion that the merits of fuch onquePion* petition do wholly or in part depend on any queftion or quef- refpetfing the tions which (hall be before them refpeAing the right of elec- right of election for the county, city, borough, diftriA of burghs, or tron» ctc- f other place to which fuch petition (hall relate, or refpeAing the Tight to right of chufing, nominating, or appointing the returning of- be delivered ficer or returning officers, who is or are to make return of fuch in writing; eleAion, the faid committee, in fuch cafe, (hall require the an.^x^c com~ counfei or agents for the feveral parties, or if there (hall be port*CwithC" none fuch before them, (hall then require the parties them- tbeirdeter-fclves to deliver to the clerk of the faid committee, ftatements imnation on in writing of the right of eleAion, or of chufing, nominating, tbc nie^f

or appointing returning officers, for which they refpeAively Jhfir judge0-* contend ; and the committee (hall Come to diftinA refolutions ment on fuch on fuch ftatements, and (hall, at the fame time that they re- lfcatemcnts. port to the houfe their final determination on the merits, pf fuch petition, alfo report to the houfe fuch ftatement or ftate-ments, together with their judgement with refpeA thereto: Report to be and (uch report (hall thereupon be entered in the journals of ?Dterc<| in the the houfe, and notice thereof (hall be fent by the fpeaker to thereof thefheriff, or other returiring officer of the place to which the fcnt to the refame (hall relate; and a true copy of fuch notice (hall, by fuch turning offi-fhtriff or other returning officer, be forthwith affixed to the ccr»ctc* doors of the county hall or town hall, or of the parifh church neareft to the place where fuch eleAion has ufually been held 5 and fuch notice (hall alfo be inferted, by order of the fpeaker, in the next London gazette.

XXVI.	And be it enaAed, That it (hall and may be lawful Perfons mar, for any perfon or perfons, at any time within twelve calendar within twelve months after the day on which fuch report (hall have been {(JchreportF made to the houfe, or within fourteen days after the day of petition to be the commencement of the next feffion of parliament after that admitted to in which fuch report (hall have been made to the houfe, to°PPofcthe petition the houfe to be admitted as a party or parties to op- Jfon1 rtcclcc"> pofe that right of eleAion, or of chufing, nominating, or ap- thereby efta-pointing the returning officer or returning officers, who is or blilhed;

are to make return of fuch eleAion, which (hall have been

deemed valid in the judgement of fuch committee.

XXVII. And be it enaAed, That if no fuch petition fhaH be but if no fuch fo printed within the time above limited for prefenting the fame, the faid judgement of fuch committee, On fuch quef- thc^ifdge-* * non or queftions, fhall be held and taken to be final and ment ofthe condufive in all fubfequent eleAions of members of parlia- committee to ment for that place to which the fame (ball relate, and to all beconclufive.

N n 2	r*	1	iht^nts

*■ ►

53«

Anno vicefimo o&avo GeoRGII III. c. 52.'	[1788.

intents and purpofes whatfoever; any ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Forty days to XXV ill. And be it enafted, That whenever any fuch pe-intervene be- tition fhali be fo prefented, a day and hotfr (hail be appointed

tween the p^fcnting: and hearing luch peti-tiona, etc.

Before the hearing fuch

by the houfe for taking the fame into confederation, fo that the fpace of forty days at the leaft ihall always intervene between the day of prefenting fuch petition and the day appointed by the houfe for taking the fame into confederation ; and notice of fuch day and hour fhali be inferted, by order of the (peafccr, in the next London gazette, and (hail alfo be lent by him to the fheriflf or other returning officer for the place to which fuch petition fhali relate; and a true copy of fuch notice (hail, by the (aid fheriflf or other returning officer, be forthwith affixed to the doors of the county hall, or town hall, or of the pariih church neareft to the place where fuch election has ufualiy been bekf,

XXIX.	And be it enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons, at any time before the day Jo

P-7’. anJ appointed for taking Inch petition into con fidera lion, to peri-petiSoiTto^be tIon l^c houfe to be admitted as a party or parties to defend admitted to fuch right of eleftion, or of chuftng, nominating, or appoint-defend furh ing the returning officer or returning officers * and fuch period turn* °fc^CC" orPcl^ons (hall thereupon be fo admitted, and fhali be coo-ion, c c. hdered as fuch to all intents and purpofes whatever.

XXX.	And be it enafted, That at the hour appointed by the houfe for taking fuch petition into confideration, the houfe

to try the ihall procced t0 appoint a felcft committee to try the merits men so uc tilercof^ according to the direftions of the above-recited afts, and of this aft; and fuch feleft committee fhali ibe fwont to try and determine the merits of fuch petition, fo far as the fame relate to any queftion or queflions refpefting the right of election for the place to which the petition fhali relate, or receding the right of appointing, nominating, or chufing the returning officer or returning officers who are to make return of fuck election; and the determination of fuch committee on fuch queftion or queflions, fhali be entered on the journals of the houfe, and (hall be held and taken to be final and condufite in all fubfequent elections of members of parliament for that place to which the fame (hall relate, and to all intents and purpofes whatever, any ufage to the contrary notwith(landing.

XXXI.	And whereas it is amongjl other things ena£Ui+ iff* afl pajjed in the fecond year of the reign of his late majefty trig George the Second, intitutied,, An aft for the more effeftual preventing bribery and corruption in the elections of members to ferve in parliament. That fuch votes Jball he deemed to he legal which have been fo declared by the lafl determination in the houfe of commons; which laft determination concerning any county, flare, city, borough, cinque port, or place, Jball be final to all intents ami purpofes whatever, any ufage to the contrary notwitbflanding; be it

and the fame enafted. That fo much of the faid aft as is above-recited (hall repealed m a« ^ and tbe fame js hereby repealed, in fo far only as the fame rrhteto^ny relates, or might be conflrued to relate, to any fuch determira-determina-

Committee to he appointed

peti;ionnf whole determination* fhali he con-dufire.

% Geo. t. c. 14. in part recited;

1788.J Anno viccfimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 52.	539

tion to be made !n the houfe of commons fubfequent to the *'°n fuhie-paffing of this 3<3.	?uen.V°

XXXII.	And be it enafted, That all and every the roles, regulations, authorities, and powers, prefcribed or given by re”it*rt ?{L to the above-recited ads, or by this ad, to feloft committees for be in force the trial of controverted elections or returns, (hall be in full with refpeft force and effeft with refpcft to feleft committees appointed by to commit-virtue of this aft for the trial of fuch queftion or queftions of ^uniier this right as aforefaid, in as full and ample a manner as if the fame a(;t. were herein repeated, and particularly and fpecially enafted, concerning fuch feleft committees: provided always. That the Regulations feveral rules and regulations herein-before enafted, by which touching re-certain perfons are direfted to enter into recognizances, and by ^"payment which certain perfons are made liable to the payment ofcofts, 0f cotta not to in the particular manner and in the feveral cafes herein-before apply to p<*:i-fpecified, (hall not be conftrued to apply to the cafe of any pe- *'°n* relating titkm prefented in purfuance of this aft, and relating folely to ^fp aiyr queftion or queftions refpefting the right of eleftion, or of ;ng ripht ot' chafing, nominating, or appointing a reluming officer or re- election, turning officers.

XXXiil. And be it further enafted. That whenever it fhall Combiner* happen that parliament fhall be prorogued while any feleft b* the committee (hall be fitting for the trial of any fuch petition as prroroyavnn aforefaid, and before they fhall have reported to the houfe their of parliament, determination thereon, fuch committee fhall not be diilol cd by fuch prorogation; but (hall be thereby adjourned to twelve of’the clock on the day immediately following that on which parliament (hall meet again for the difpatch of bufinefs, (Sun-days. Good	Friday, and Cbri/imas	Day, always excepted), and

ah former proceedings of the faid committee (hall remain and continue to be of the fame force and effeft as if parliament had not been fo prorogued; and inch committee (hall meet on the day and hour to which it fhall be fo adjourned, and (hall (henceforward continue to fit from day to day, in the manner provided in the above-recited afts and in this aft, until they thall have reported to the houfe their determination on the merits of fuch petition.

FORM of the RECOGNIZANCE referred to in this aft.

BE it remembered, That on the	day	of

in the year of our Lord	before

me A. B. [fpeaker of the houfe of commons] or [one of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the county of	]

came C. D. E. F. and J. G. and feverally acknowledged thera-felvcs to owe to our fovereign lord the King the following fums; that is to fay, the faid C. D. the fum of two hundred pounds, and the (aid E. F. and the faid the fum of one hundred pounds each, to be levied on their refpeftive goods and chattels, lands, and tenements, to the ufe of our faid fovereign lord the

N_n 3	King,

Digitized by Google

540

Anno vicefimo oftavo GeorgiI III. c. 53. [ 1788.

King, his heirs and fucceffors, in cafe the faid C. D. (hall fal in performing the condition hereunto annexed.

The condition of this recognizance is, that if the faid C.D. (haQ duly appear before the houfe of commons, at fuch time or times as (hall be fixed by the faid houfe for taking into con-federation the petition figned by the faid C. Z>. complaining of an undue eiedion or return for the	cf

[here fpecify the county city, borough, or difirift of burghs] or complaining that no return has been made for the faid [

] of [	]	within	the	time	limited by && of

parliament, or, that the return made for the faid [	]

of [	]	is not a return of a member or members ac-

cording to the requifition of the writ, and (hall appear before any feledf committee which (hall be appointed by the houfe of commons for the trial of the fame, and (hall renew his faid petition in every fubfequent feflion of this prefent parliament, until a feledl committee (hall have been appointed by the faid houfe for the trial of the fame, or until the fame (hail have been withdrawn by the permiffion of the faid houfe ; then this recognizance to be void, othenfcife to be of full force and effect.

CAP. LIII.

An at1 to indemnify and fave harmlefs all perfons who may have «-curred penalties or forfeitures under on off, puffed in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An act to difTolve the prefent and prevent the future combination of coal owners, lightermen, matters of (hips, and others, to advance the price of coals, in prejudice of the navigation, trade, and manufactures of this kingdom, and for the further encouragement of the coal trade; and alfo an a 51, pajfed in the third year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second, intituled. An act for the better regulation of the coal trade; and for the bitter preventing of combinations in the trade of coalsm

Preamble. \X7 HEREAS by an off pajfed in the ninth year of tho reign 9 Anne, c. a8. VV of Queen Anne, (intituled. An adt to difiolve the prefent and prevent the future combination of coal owners, lightermen, and mailers of (hips, and others, to advance the price of coals, in prejudice of the/iavigation, trade, and manufactures of this kingdom: and for the further encouragement of the coal trade,) it is enabled. That if any lighterman or lightermen, majier or mafitri offlips, crimp, coal fafior, or other perfon or perfons, buying or Jeff ing or dealing in coals, or otherwife concerned in the coal trade, by bim or ihemfelves, his or their agent or fervent, or any other perfon or perfons, flail, at any time or times from and aftei' the firfi day of June one thoufand/even hundred and eleven, receive or take, for the ufe er benefit of fuch lighterman or lightermen, mafitr or mafttrs of flips, crimp, coal faftor, or other perfon or perfons, any falary, gratuity, reward, allowance, fum or [urns of money, from any coal owner, fit*

ter,

Digitized by

Google

* 788.] Anno vicelimo odavo Georgii III. c. 53.

/rr, majier ofjhips, or other perfon or perfons wbomfoever, for con* tr&fting, buying, vending, felling, <?r difpofwg of any particular forts off coals in prejerence of any other forts ofcoals, ar for the loading of aany or vejfel, or for the difpateh, delivery, difpofal of the coals from on board of any /hip or /hips, or veffels, before other Jbip or flips, or. veffels, or flail knowingly fell one Jort of coals for and as a fort wtoSich they really are not, every perfon offending /half for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds: and whereas, by an pojjei in the third year of the reign of his late majefty King Cieorge the Second, (intituled. An ad tor the better regulation of 3 Geo. the coal trade,) after reciting the above-recited claufe of the faid aft c. 26. of the ninth of Queen Anne, it is enabled. That every perfon who, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand [even hundred and thirty, Jhall take or receive any premium, gratuity, re-ward, fum or fums of money, or allowance in coals, or in account, or otberwife, from any coal owner, fitter, or majier of a flip, or any of tbeir agents or fervants, for contrafting, buying, vending, or difpof-ieeg of, any particular fort of coals, or Jhall othcrwije offend, con-Sr ary to the true intent and meaning of the above-recited claufe of the faid aft, Jhall, over and above the penalty inflifted by the faid aft for fucb offence, forfeit and pay tbe fum of five hundred pounds; and Shat every coal owner or fitter, who flail, after tbe twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and thirty, by himfelf or them-Jelves, his or tbeir agent or fervant, give or agree to give to any flip majier, lighterman, crimp, or buyer of coals, or to any of their agents or fervants, or to any perfon or per fans in trujl for fucb flip majier, lighterman, crimp, or buyer of coals, any premium/falary, gratuity, Toward, fum or fums of money, or any allowance in coals, or in account, or otberwife, for contra fting, buying, vending, felling, or dif-poftng of, any particular fort of coals, or for tbe loading of any flip or veffil with fucb coal owners coals, or for the difpateh, delivery, or difpofal of fucb coals from fitch coal owners collieries of Jlaiths; and every perfon who flail knowingly fell one fort of coals for and as a fort which they really are not; every fuch coal owner, fitter, or perfonfo offending, contrary to tbe true intent and meaning of tbe faid recited aft, flail, for every futh offence, forfeit and pay the Turn of five hundred pounds: and whereas, notwithflanding the [aid two recited a ft s, for many years pqfi, it has been ufual and cujlomary for tbe owners of collieries in tbe northern parts of this kingdom to charge a higher pi ice to flips loading coals for /A* London market, than to tboje loading for the out ports \ and, in conference thereof, to make certain allowances to tbe London coal buyers, at fated periods; which allowances have confiituted the principal part of the reafonoble profits of the London coal buyers, yet great numbers of aftions have been commenced dgasnfi various perfons in tbe faid trade, as well owners as buyers, on the ground that fuch allowances are contrary to the two claufes of tbe faid afts above-recited: and whereas the perfons againfi whom the faid aftions are brought, did not introduce tbe praftice complained of, but found it an txifling cufiom prevalent in the trade when they embarked tbeir fortunes in it: and whereas the aftions fo brought, jhould the informer fucceei in them, might be attended with the ruin of many of

N n*	tbo

Digitized by Google

For indemnifying perfons againft whom anions have been brought, t*>ev paying ?li cofts of the informers*

Any number of perfons ex? ceeding five nnitipg for the purchafe of coals, to be deemed a combination.

Publick ad.

Anno viccOmo odtavo Georgii III. c* 53.	[1788.

the perfons againft whom fuch aft ions have been brought; in order, therefore, to prevent fo much mifehief, litigation, and cxpcace, may it pleafe vou Majefty that it may be enadied ; and be it enabled by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afletnbled, and by the authority of the fame, That all and every perfon or perfons whomfoever, againft whom any adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information hath been brought, or which fhall be brought, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at JVeflminfter, for any penalty or penalties incurred before the pafling of this adt, by reafon of the faid recited provifions of the faid adts of the ninth of Queen Anne, and third of King George the Second, or either of them, (ball be, and is and are hereby indemnified, freed, and dft-charged from and againft all penalties and forfeitures incurred for or by reafon of the faid recited provifions of the faid acts of the ninth of Queen Anney and the third of King George the Second, or either of them; any thing in the fame adts, or either of them, to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding: provided always. That all cofts incurred in profecuting and carrying on any ftrch adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, fhall be borne and difcharged by the perfon or perfons againft whom any fuch adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, hath been brought: provided alfo. That this adt, or any thing herein contained, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to indemnify any perfon againft whom final judgement fhall have been given in any adUon of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record, for any penalty or forfeiture incurred by reafon of the faid adts, or either of them; and that the perfon or perfons againft whom fuch adtion, bill, plaint, or information hath been or fhall be brought, may plead the geoeral iflue, and upon their defence give this adt and the fpccial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon.

II.	And whereas a certain number of coal buyers have formed them-felves into a fociety, and held private meetings at the coal exchange in the city of London, prof effing to make regulations for the purpofeof tarrying on the trade in coals, which regulations may have a tendency t9 prevent the faid trade from being free and open: be it furtherenadled by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the firft of Ju*e

• one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, any number of perfons united in covenants or partnerfhips, or in any way whatsoever, confining of more than five perfons, for the purchafing of coals for fale, or for making regulations with refpedt to the manner of carrying on the faid trade in coals, fhall be deemed and adjudged to be an unlawful combination to advance the price of coals, and every perfon concerned therein (hall be liable to be puniflied by indidtment or information for the fame, in his Majefty’s court of King's bench at JVejlminJler.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That this adt (hall be deemed and taken to be a publick adt, to all intents and purpafes; and (hall be judicially taken noiice qf

as

Digitized by v^.ooQle

>88.-3 Anno vicefimo oftavo Georgii III. c, 54.'	543

luch by all judges, juttices, and other perfons whomfoever, ithout tire fame being fpecially pleaded or fet forth.

'CAP. LIV.

fzi	to regulate, for a limited	time, the flipping and Jlaves

in Britifh vtjftls from the coaji of Africa.

[IZ H E R E A S it is expedient to regulate the flipping and	- Preamble.

V V	ing of flaves in Britifh veffth from the of Africa ; be

t ttverefore enabled j and it is hereby enabled by the King’s nod excellent majetty, by and with the advice and confent of he lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent iprliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That From Aug. 1, c (hall not be lawful for any matter, or other perfon taking or 17*8, no vef-laving the charge or command of any Britifl (hip or .veflel what- M clearing ever, which (hall clear out from any port of this kingdom fiom <3reat°Britain and after the ttrtt day of Augujl one thoufand feven hundred and l0 carry flaves eighty-eight, to haveon board, at any one time, or to convey, carry, from Africa bring, or tranfport ilaves from the coaft of Africa to any parts in S^ner beyond fea, in any fuch (hip or veflel, in any greater number {J"“5n ^en“ than in the proportion of five fuch flaves for every three tons of tioned. the burthen of fuch (hip or vettel, fo far as the faid (hip or veffel (hall not exceed two hundred and one tons; and moreover, of one fuch Have for every additional ton of fuch (hip or veffel, over and above the faid burthen of two hundred and one tons, or male flaves who (hall exceed four feet four inches in height, in any greater number than in the proportion of one fuch male (lave to every one ton of the burthen of fuch (hip or vettel, fo far as the (aid (hip or vettel (hall not exceed two hundred and one tons, and (moreover) of three fuch male Haves (who (hall exceed the faid height of four feet four inches) for every additional five tons of fuch (hip or veffel,. over and above the faid burthen of two hundred and one tons; and every fuch (hip or vettel (hall be Veflelstohe deemed and taken to be of fuch tonnage or burthen as is deferib- deemed of the ed and fet forth in the refpe&ive certificate of the regittry of each	Jn

and every fuch (hip or veffel, granted in purfuance of an ad their certifi-made and patted in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his pre- cates of font Majetty, (intituled. An ail for the further intreafe and en- reK*ft*y* auragement offlipping and navigation:) and if any fuch matter, Matter of or other perfon taking or having the charge or command of any veffel* to for. fuch (hip or veffel, (hall acl contrary hereto, fuch matter, or every'fla^ other perfon as aforefaid, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of thirty exceeding the pounds of lawful money of Great Brita, for each and every limited fuch Have exceeding in number the proportions herein-before number, limited ; one moiety whereof (hall go to his Majetty, his heirs or fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof (hall go to any perfon or perfons who (hall tirtt fue tor the fame.

II. Provided always. That if there (hall be, in any fuch (hip If more than or veflel, any more than two fifth parts of the flaves who. (hail be children, and who (hall not exceed four feet four inches in children, $ height, thep cyery five fuch children (over gnd above the afore- of the furplus

(aid to be deemed

Digitized by LiOOQle

Anno vicefimo oftavo Georgii IIL c. 54. £1788. faid proportion of two fifths) (hall be deemed and taken tok equal to four of the faid (laves within the true intent and meaoh(

of this a6t.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority afbrefin^ That on the arrival of any fuch (hip or veflel in any ifland ia the IVeft Indies, belonging to, or under the dominion of his Majefti^ from the coaft of Africa, carrying or conveying any fuch Asm as aforefaid, the mafter, or other perfon having or taking tk Weftlndics.to charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall, before any of oath* tef^e*	^avcs	**	unihipped	or	landed	from	fuch	(hip	or	vdf-

the officer*^ repair to the neareft cuftom houfe, and there declare, oa the cuftoms, oath, before the colleger, or other chief officer of the cuftoou (who is hereby authorised and required to admintiler the bid oath) the burthen of fuch (hip or veflel, and (hall at tbe hmc time (hew to fuch officer the certificate of the regiftry thereof, and (hall alfo deliver to the faid officer upon oath (who is hereby aythorifed and required to adminifter the (aid oath) an exaA and true account of the greateft number of fuch (laves, and (jpe-cify the number of fuch (laves as (hall exceed theafore&id height of four feet four inches, who were or (hall have been at aoy one time in or on board fuch (hip or veflel, before, when, or after fuch (hip or veflel quitted or departed from the coaft of Afrki Mafter* land- for that voyage; and if fuch mafter, or other perfon taking or ing (lave* having the charge or command of any fuch (hip or veflel, Aal to^oforfeU6- un^*P or *anc*> or	to	be	unihipped	or	haded,

544

equal to 4 (laves.

Matters of veflels, before they land any (lave* in the

the burthen of tbe veflel. See.

5 ool.

(hall wilfully permit or fufier to be unfhipped or landed, tty fuch (laves, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a fuch mafter, or other perfon as aforefaid, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain for every fuch offence; and one moiety of the faid foriettoit (hall go to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, and the other moiety of the faid forfeiture (hail go to the perfon or perfoas Officers of the who (hall firft fue for the fame: and it (hall and may be lawfel cuftoms to for fuch colle&or, or other chief officer of the cuftoms, and he is hereby required to fearch, or to caufe fearch to be made in every part of fuch (hip ot veflel, to fee and to take an account of the number of fuch (laves on board fuch (hip or veflel, audio fpecify in fuch account the number of (laves not exceeding (bur feet four inches in height: provided always. That in cafe tbe faiJ collector, or other chief officer of the cuftoms, (hall be ab-fent, or that there (hall be no fuch officer in any fuch ifland where the faid (hip (hall arrive as aforefaid, or in cafe there (hall be no fuch other officer of the revenue, then any civil officer in the faid ifland (hall be, and he is hereby authorifed and required, upon application as aforefaid, to adminifter the faid oath to fuch mafter, or other perfon taking or having the charge of fuch veflel, and to receive the faid declaration of the burthen of foch (hip as aforefaid.

IV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall not be lawful for the mafter, or other perfon taking or having the charge or command of any fuch (hip or veflcl

as

take an account of the flaves on board fuch veflels.

Where there is no officer of ihe cuf-tome, any civil officer to receive the oath of the mafter.

veflel to

c*rry any fl«rves, unlefs

Digitized by

Google

Anno vlcefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 54.	545

aforefaid, which (hall be cleared out from any port in Great ft be entered riimim after the firft day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred ' thatpur-id eighty-eight, to take or have on board fuch (hip or veflel, f^ou^and*

* convey, carry, bring, or rranfport any flaves from the coart unlcfc the fur-f Africa to any parts beyond fea, in any fuch (hip or veflel as pon give orefaid, unlefs fuch (hip or veflel (hall, at the time of her fo "ond tokccP earing out, have been entered for fuch purpofe at the cuftom- thc°Dumkr wife of the port from whence (he cleared out; and unlefs the of the (laves, irgeon of or belonging to fuch (hip or veflel (hall have given See. during ond to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and (hall have leftvoyage.

fame in the hands of the collector or comptroller of the cuf-)ms in the port from whence fuch (hip or veflel (hall depart for ich voyage to the coaft of Africa^ in the penal fum of one hundred ounds, with condition, that fuch furgeon (hall keep a regular nd true journal, containing an account of the greateft number A flaves which (hall have been, at any time during fuch voyage, m board fuch (hip or veflel, from the time of the arrival of fuch hip or veflel on the coaft of Africa as aforefaid, until her arrival it the port of her delivery, and of the deaths of any fuch flaves )t crew of the faid (hip or veflel, and of the caufe thereof, during the voyage, from the firft departure of the faid (hip or veflel, to her arrival on the coaft of Africa, during her ftay on the faid :oaft, and after her departure from thence to the faid port of delivery, or during fuch time as fuch furgeon (hall have been on board fuch (hip; and that the faid furgeon (hall deliver fuch tbe'officerat journal to the colle&or, or other officer as aforefaid, at the firft the firft Bri-Briti/k port where fuch lhip or veflel (hall arrive after leaving tifli port of the coaft of Africa, and (hall make oath to the truth of fuch arrivaL journal, to the beft of his knowledge and belief, before fuch col- Officer to de« le&or or other officer as aforefaid, who is hereby authorifed and li?" to the required toadminifter the faid oath; and fuch colle&or, or other Sroeon ^co-officer as aforefaid, (hall deliver to fuch mafter, or other perfon pics of the as aforefaid, and to fuch furgeon refpe&ively, copies of the oath oath of the of fuch mafter, or other perfon as aforefaid, and alfo of the faid former, and journal, which copies (hall feverally be attefted (as true copies} Utter and by fuch collector or other officer as aforefaid, under his hand and \0 tranfmit fea); and duplicates of the faid copies, attefted in like manner, duplicates to (hall be tranfmitted by the faid collector, or other chief officer, the comraif-to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in London; and if	lhc

fuch mafter or furgeon (hall a£t contrary hereto, fuch mafter or Rafter® or furgeon (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one furgeonaaA-hundred pounds; one moiety whereof (hall go to his Majefty, ing contrary his heirs or fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof (hall go to hcrcto.to for-any perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame.	fcit Iool#

V.	And be it further enaQed by the authority aforefaid. That AAtocxtend the feveral provifions contained in this a<ft (hall extend and be in to (hips which force, with refpedt to fuch Britijh (hips as aforefaid as (hall have Au 1 1788 failed before the firft day of Augujl one thoufand feven hundred if * copy be * and eighty*eight, from any port of Great Britain, and (hall on delivered to the coaft of Africa take on board and convey any flaves to any the comparts beyond fea, in all cafes where a printed copy thereof (hall “ca^^rt^ckf^c

ks in more than

Digitized by Google

54-6 the limited number of flaves.

Ifatthe time of the deli- . very of the a£t, there ihall be on

of (laves of anydeferip-tion beyond the allowed proportions, no more of that deferip-tfon is to be received nor

Anno vicefimo oftavo Georg11 III. c. 54. [17W.

be delivered to the commander or principal officer of any fafc (hip, before fuch (hip (hall have taken in a greater number cf (laves than in the proportions herein-before limited.

VI.	Provided always. That if any fuch Britijb (hip as ifort-faid (hail have on board a greater number of the faid Oaves, of any defeription, than in fuch proportions as aforefaid, attht time the copy of this a& is delivered to fuch commander or pritw ih^pa number clPa* °®cer* or other perfon having charge of the fame as aforefaid, it (hall not be lawful (or fuch commander or principal officer as aforefaid, or any other perfon having charge of the feme, to receive on board any more of the faid defeription of (laves than (hail have been on board at the time of the faid copy of this aft being delivered, or of any other defeription of flares. To as to exceed in the whole the proportions herein-before preicribed, reckoning five children who (hall not exceed four feet four inches of an other *n	as	to f°ur grown (laves, as aforefaid, and if any

fo as to°cx* * fuch matter, or other perfon as aforefaid, (hall a& contrary toe-ceed in the to, he (hall forfeit and pay the fum of thirty pounds of hwfot whole the	money of Grtat Britain, for every fuch (lave fo taken on bond;

prescribed	an(j onc mo*,cty 0f the faid forfeiture (hall go to his Majefty, fail

heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to any perfon or per-contraryhcre- ^ons who fhall Arft fue for the fame.

to, to forfeit VII. Andy in order to tie due execution of this a£fy with refptQ 3ol. for every to fuch Jbips as Jball have Jailed previous to the firft day of Augsft ,|aTc*. . one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, be it ena&ed by (be appoint a pro- authority aforefaid, That it (hall and ui2y be lawful for thelonh per perfon to commilfioners of the admiralty to appoint a proper perfoo tie deliver copies perfons to deliver copies thereof to the commanders, or other oft head to principal officers, who (hall be on board fuch (hips or veflebt mamkrs'of which perfon or perfons fo appointed (hall be, and he and they (hips which is and are hereby authprifed to take an account of the number failedprevious of the (laves, their fex, and fuch of them as (hall exceed (he t0«sUg'i5* height of four feet four inches, on board fuch (hips as they dull take anac-0 **nd on the coaft of Africa» or the feas adjacent thereto, at the times they (hall deliver the printed copies of this a<5t on board the fame, by muttering the faid (laves; and the faid period or perfons to be appointed as before provided (hall, with as Hide delay as poflible, tranfinit to each of the collectors of the cuftoms in the Britijb ittandf in the IVejl Indies ^ a lift of the (hips on

count of the ihves.

A lift of the Ihips to which the aft has been dcliver-

ftot to the collectors of the cuftoms in the ilritith Weft India iilaads.

ed, etc. to be board of which copies of this a& (hall have been delivered, as herein-before provided, and of the names of the commanders thereof, together witi> fuch account fo taken in each veflcl as

aforefaid.

VIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any commander or officer, or other perfon, on bmrd Commanders, 0f any fych Britijb (hip as aforefaid, (hall obttruft or hinder any etc. obftruct- pcrf0^ or perfons to be appointed by the lords committioners ot J'onsVo^p^ the admiralty, as herein-before provided, from examining and pointed bv afeertaining the number of (laves in any fuch (hip or vcfleJ in tnc admiralty manner aforefiid, fuch commander, or officer, or other perfon forfeit tool. j0 pbftrudiiqg or hyid$ring as aforefaid, (h^ll, fer every fuch

offenp*,

88.] Anno vicefimo o&avo Georgn III. c. 54.

ence, forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds of law-money of Great Britain, one moiety whereof (hall be applied the ufc of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other >icty to him or them who (hall fuc or profecute for the fame.

IX.	Provided always. That nothing in this alt contained ill extend, or be conftrued to extend, to the cafe of a (hip ring on board any number of (laves that (hall be found (hip-tcked, or from on board any other (hip or veflel where, by lion of mutiny or infurreltion among the (laves, or the crew, by failure of hands, or by any altual diftrefs of the veflel, the ifter or commander (hall be difabledfrom governing the (hip', continuing the voyage ; the proof of which (hall lie upon the 1j5crt or perfon haying charge of fuch (hip or veflel fo taking i board fuch (laves.

Xs And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, l|at in every fuch (hip or veflel the upper as well as lower tHQ* and the fpace between decks, (hall be allotted and pro-riy prepared for the reception of the faid Haves; and that after jfuch (hip or veflel (hall have taken two thirds of her com-sotent of Haves on board, in the proportions herein-before reded, no goodi, wares, or merchandize, (hall ever be flowed ^gut in any fuch cabin or place in which any fuch Haves

XL And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, Ijat, from and after the firft day of Auguft one thoufand feven and eighty-eight, it (hall not be lawful for any perfon become a matter, or to take or have the command or charge ttfty fuch (hip or veflel at the time (he (hall clear out from any jft of Gnat Britain, for purchafing and carrying Haves from ^rjpoafto(Africa, unlefsfuch mafler, or perfon taking or hav-gthe charge or command of any fuch (hip or veflel, (hall have My fcrved in fuch capacity during one voyage, or (hall have m<1 as chief mate or furgeon during the whole of two voyages, either as chief or other mate, during three voyages, in pur-m6ng and carrying Haves from the coafl of Africa; under pain At fiich mafler, or perfon taking or having the charge or com-apd of any fuch (hip or veflel, and alfo the owner or owners, bo tfiall hire or employ fuch perfon, (hall, for every fuch of-ncc refpedively, forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds.

Xlt. And be it further enalled by the authority aforefaid, ‘hat from and after the firft day of Augufi one thoufand feven undred and eighty-eight, it (hall not be lawful for any owner r owners of any fuch (hip or veflel to infure any cargo of (laves, r .yoy part thereof, on board the fame, againft any lofs or wage, fave and except the perils of the lea, piracy, infur-iftion, or capture by the King’s enemies, barratry of the maf-and crew, and aeftrultion by Are; and that all and every ofiey of infurance, hereafier made contrary to this ad, (hall C, and the fame is hereby declared to be null and void, to all iteats and purpofes whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enaded bv the authority aforefaid,

That

Google

547

Not to extend to Ihipstaking on board (laves found Shipwrecked, &c.

The upper and lower cabin, and the fpace between decks, to be allotted to the (laves, and no goods to be ftowed therein after two thirds of the complement (hall be on board.

If any perfoa take the charge of a veflel, who ifl not qualified as herein directed,he (hall forfeit 50*. at alfo the owner who (haU hire him.

No infurance to be made againft any lofs, except the perils of the fea, &c.

548	Anno	vicefimo	o&avo	Georgii IIL c* 54. [1788.

No veflel to be That no fuch (hip or veflel (hall be allowed to clear out, untefc

tha^ha8°not.a	appear	to the collcdtor or other principal officer of the

furgeon8 to° * cuftoms at the port, that there is one furgeon at lead engage*

her, who has to proceed on board fuch (hip or veflel5 and unlefe fudi (urgeot

pafTed hisexa- (hall have produced, to fuch colle&or or other principal officer

minanon at Qf tfoc cuftoms, a certificate of his having pafled his ezatntnadeit furgeooB hall. at furgeong halj.	6F

XIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. If the officer That if it (hall be made appear; to the fatisfa&ion of tbe cci-at the port of leclor, or other principal officer of the port where fuch (hip or any veflel, ve^e^ &aM be difeharged, that there (hall not have died more fhall be fat if- than in the proportion of two (laves in the hundred, from the fied thatthere time of the arrival of fuch (hip or veflel on the coaft of Afrkty have not died, \0 the time of her arrival at her port of difeharge in any of the voyage ^raore ^an<*s *n lhe Indies* belonging to or tender tho dominioo than mthe of his Majefty, in fuch cafe, the collector brother principal proportion of officer as aforefaid (hall, and he is hereby autboriied and requir-a^IaVr uln thc C(*t0 ma^c out certificates, fpecifying the number of Haves the appear to have been taken on board the faid (hip or veflel, and the number that have died within the period above-mentioned; one of which certificates (hall be delivered to the matter, and the other to the furgeon of fuch (hip or veflel; and on production of fur£e™?» a?d fuch certificates, the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in thereof to the England and Scotland refpe&ively (hall, and they are hereby com million- authorised and required to dire& the fum of one hundred pounds er» ofthecuf- to be paid to the matter, and the fum of fifty pounds to be paid t°^rdei-CthYe t0 ^ ^urgeon	l^ip	or	veflel, out of any money that fhal

mafte/iool? he *n t*le hands of the receiver general of the cufloms of Engkd and Scotland refpe&ively; or if it (hall be made appear to the colle&or, or other principal officer as aforefaid, that there find not have died more than in the proportion of three (laves in tbe hundred, from the time of the arrival of fuch (hip or veflel on the coaft of Africa, to the time of her arrival at her port of difeharge in any of the faid Weft India iflands, in fuch cafe the collector or other principal officer as aforefaid (hall, and he is here-.v, ty authorifed and required to make out like certificates, and to ticm ofjilTthe deliver one to the maftcr, and the other to the furgeon of fiich 100; on the (hip or veflel; and the commiflioners of the cuftoms in Englni Potion of and Scotland refpeCtively (hall, and they are hereby authorised matter to be arM* rc(lu*re<^ on production of fuch certificates, to dirc& the fom of fifty pounds to be paid to the mafter, and the fum of twenty-five pounds to be paid to the furgeon of fuch (hip or Veflel.

100 of her cargo, he i* to give certificates to the matter and

and the furgeon 50U and like certificates to be given where the mortality has not been greater than in the propor-

XV. And whereas cafes may occur in which it may be juft ead tnfati

paid5ol. and the furgeon »5h

Commiffion- warrantable that compenfatim fkould be made to individuals who met ers appointed fujiQ{n [0Jje5 in confequence of this aft\ be it further ena&ed, That tZr Brook IVatfon e(quire, Samuel Btacbcroft efquire, and WilSeu tained in con- Roe efquire, (hall be, and they are hereby appointed commit-frqnence cf fioners for the purpofe of enquiring into any lofles which may this act,bv	^ fuftajncd, in confequence of this a6k* by any merchants or

!ha 11°apply0 owners of any (hips or vefiels engaged in the African trade, who before Sept, i, (hall make application to tbe faid commiflioners before the fed 1788.	day

Digitized by

Google

549

Perfons fo applying to lay before the comnaifiion-ers the ground* of their claims*

Commiflion-ers may examine upon oath;

are to determine the amount of lofles, and report to parliament what compenfation (hould be made the claimants.,

Comntfflion-era to take the following

8 8.3 Anno vicefimo odfotvo Georgii III. c. 54.

y of September next enfuing; and that all perfons making fuch plication (hall, as foon as they are enabled fo to do, lay be-rdthe faid commiflioners full ftatements of the grounds of cic rerpeftive claims, fpecifying the particulars of all the exaces, net proceeds, profits or lofles attending the voyage or Lwfcature, in refpeft of which fuch application ihail be made, get her with all fuch circumftanccs as (hall appear to the faid tafttnifiioners neceflary for their information, in order to afeer-m the lofles of the perfons h applying; and the faid commif-xiers fhall have power to examine upon oath, touching the tatters of the faid claims, all perfons whom the faid commif-oaers (hall think fit; and all perfons are hereby direfted and Mjuired punctually to attend the faid commiflioncrs at fuch me and place as they (hall appoint; and the faid commiflioners, s foon as they (hall have completed the examination of the ttend claims laid before them, (hall determine the amount of fo- lofles which bona fide have been fuftained by any of the faid Ipimants in confequence of this act, and which the faid lausnants (hall not have been able to avoid, and (hall report, as boa as conveniently may be, to both houfes of parliament, that compenfation (hall appear to the faid commiflioners to be mdonable to be made to fuch claimants: and the faid commif-iooers, before they proceed to take any ftep in pursuance of this ift» (hall take an oath before the mafler of the rolls for the time being, or one of his Majefty’s juftices of the court of King’s ^ bench, or common pleas, or one of the barons of the exchequer,

(which they or either of them are hereby authorifed and required to adminifter, in the form following; that is to fay,

Ijf. B. do fwear. That, according to the bed of my (kill and oath.

_ knowledge, I will faithfully and impartially execute the feveral powers and trttfts veiled in me by virtue of an aft, intituled, An q8 to regulate, for a limited time, the /hipping and carrying fiaves in Britifh vejfels from the coaft of Africa.

XVI.	And be it further enacted. That the lords commiflion- Treafiiry to ers of his Majefty’s treafury, or the lord high treafurer for the °rd^^O0J-time being, is and are hereby authorifed and required to iflue payment and caufe to be paid all fuch (urns of money, not exceeding two 0f clerks, ?rc. thoufand pounds, to fuch perfon or perfons as the faid commiffioners (hall, by writing under their hands, defire or direft, out of any part of the publick monies remaining in his Majefty’s ex-chequer; whichfum fo iflued and paid (hall be employed fosthe payment of clerks, meflengers, and other officers, and in defraying all other neceflary charges in or about the execution of the powers of this aft, and in fuch manner, and in fuch proportions as (hall be appointed bv the faid commiflioners, by writing under their hands and feals in that behalf; the fame to be accounted for by the perfon or perfons to whom the fame (hall be iflued and paid according to the courfe of his Majefty’s exchequer, without any fee or other charges to be taken or demanded

Digitized by

55°

Hi* Majefty may appoint to vacancies of comniif-fioners during the recefs of parliament.

How offences may be tried,

and how penalties may be fucd for.

Limitation of actions.

Perfons committing, or fuborning others to commit perjury, to be liable to the penalties inflicted by law thereon.

Continuance of this act.

Anno vicefimo odtavo Georoii HI. c.54. [17*8.

manded for the iffuing and payment of the tame, or on thefa£» ing of the faid accounts, other than fuch fum as the faid coa-mtffioners (hall appoint; and which money fo iffued (hail not bt fubjed to any tax, duty, rate, or affeffment whatfoever, itnpotd by authority of parliament.

XVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefind. That in cafe of a vacancy or vacancies, by death or refignatioc), of any one or more of the faid commifliooers during the reed* of parliament, it (hall and may be lawful for his Majeffy to nominate and appoint fuch perfon or perfons as he may think proper to fupply fuch vacancy or vacancies ; and that every perfon fo nominated and appointed (hall be held and confidered to be inverted with all the fame powers as are delegated to the co»-mirtioners appointed by this alt.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afbre-faid, That any offence committed in breach or violation of this ad, may be tried in any court of oyer and terminer in any county in England wherein fpeh offence (hall have been committed ; or in cafe fuch offence (hall have been committed ki parts beyond the feas, then in fuch county within which the (hip on board which fuch offence (hall have been committed (bail have cleared out, or in the county of Middlefex ; and any penalty or forfeiture inflided by this alt may be profecuted, foed for, and recovered in any court of record in Great Britain; and in every fuch adion or fuir, the party againft whom judgement (hall be given (whether plaintiff or defendant) (hall pay double cofts of luit; and every fuch adion (hall and may be brought* any time within three years after the offence committed, and not afterwards; and every fuch allion (hall be carried on without wilful delay.

XIX.	And be it further enalled by the authority afore&d. That if any perfon taking any oath by this all authorised or required to be taken, (hall thereby commit wilful perjury, or if any perfon (hall .unlawfully procure or fubornany perfon to take any oath by this alt authorifed or required to be taken, whereby fuch perfon (hall commit wilful perjury, every fuch perfon (hall incur and fuffer the like pains and penalties as are by law infiill-ed upon perfons committing wilful and corrupt peijury, or fubornation of perjury.

XX.	And be it further enalled. That this ad (hall continue in force till the firft day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, and no longer, except for the purpofeof trying or fuing any perfon inconfequence of any offence or offences committed in breach or violation of this ad.

CAP. LV.

An aS for the bitter and more effeflual protection of flocking frames and the machines or engines annexed thereto, or ufed therewith; and for the punijbment ofperfons defraying or injuring offuchflocking frames machines* or engines* and the framework knitted pieces*

packings*

Digitized by v^,ooQle

i?8S»] Anno vibeGmo o&avo Georoii III; c< 55.	55*

and other articles and goods ufed and made in the bofiery jr-framework-knitted manufactory , or breaking or deftreying any •. eemedbinery contained in any mill or mills uftd or any way employed dmrpreporing or Jpinning of wool or cotton for tie ufe of tbejlocktng frame.

WHEREAS the frames for making of framework-knitted Preamble* pieces, flocking!^ and other articles and goods in the ho fiery or Vdrnrwork- knitted manufactory, are very valuable and expenftve Machiness and generally the property of the hofier or manufacturer,

1vbo lets the fame to hire to his Workmen, or framework* knitters \ and k bath frequently happened that the hofier, or manufacturer, being the owner or employer of fuchframe or frames, and having fo put and bt the fame out to hire, and wanting, for the accommodation of his trade and bufnejs, to take and remove fuch frame or frames from the ufe and poffeffton of one workman into the hands and cuftody of another, end having for fuch purpoft given the cuftomary and ufual notice to the workman in wihofe bands or cuftody fuch frame was, fo to deliver up tie I amt) fuch workman hath wilfully detained and withheld the fame, ana fimetimes abfohitely and unlawfully fold and difpofed thereof to the great grievancey inconvenience, andlofsof fuch hofier or manufacturer : and whereas it hath frequently happened, when difeontents have arifen amongfl the framework knitters, that they and other dif-Orderly perfons have affembled in a riotous and tumultuous manner) and have dejiroyed or materially damaged great numbers of flocking frames, and ibe 7nathines or engines thereto annexed or ufed therewith, and committed great violences and outrages upon many of his Majefty s good jubjeds; wherefore it is neceffary that more effectual proviflon Jhouli be made againft fuch unlavfut practices, and for preventing fuch violences and outrages for the future, and for bringing all offenders in the premifes tomorefpeeiy and exemplary juflice: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enacted\ and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con* fcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal* and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That if any framework knitter or framework knitters* who (hall Framework or may rent or take by the hire, any (locking frame or frames, knitters bir* either with or without any machine or engine thereto annexed, ^ refuting or therewith to be employed* of and from any perfon or perfons to return * whomsoever, (hall at any time, from and after the parting of this them on r# ad, refufe to yield up and re-deliver fuch frame or frames, with days notice, the machine Or engine therewith let (if any fuch there (hall be) toforfcit»°8-# to the perfon or perfons of whom he or they (hall or may fo rent the fame, having received from fuch perfon or perfons fourteen days previous notice for fuch purpofe, then, and in every fuch cafe, the perfon fo offending, being thereof lawfully cotlvidled by the oath or (if the owner or employer thereof be of the people called Quakers) folemn affirmation of the owner or employer of fuch frame or frames, of by the bath or affirmation of any other credible witnefs or witnertes, before any .one or more justice or juftices of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, city,

Vol. XXXVI.	Oo	liberty.

Digitized by

Google

5$*

Anno vicefirtio o&avo GfeoROii III. C. 55.	[178!.

liberty, town, or place, where fnch offence (hall be committed, or where the perfon or perfons fo charged (hall rcfide or inhabit (which oath or affirmation the faid j office or judices i» and are hereby impowered and required to adminifter), the perfon or perfons fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit tbc fum of twenty {hillings to and for the ufe of the poor of the and if not	parifh where fucli offence (hall be committed; and in cafe the

*Tid eand the	^ f°rfciture (hall not	immediately paid, and the faid frame

Eam'esre- c or frames, with the machine or engine therewith let (if any &ich turned in 6	there (hall be) delivered	up to the owner or owners thereof,

days after	within fix days next after	fuch convi&ion, the juftice or jufticci

be?m^rifD,ed ^orc wh°m fuch convidion (hall be had (hall commit the party notmore^hao or parties fo convicted to the common gaol or other publickpri-three months, (bn of fuch county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or nor left than place, there to remain without bail or mainprize, and be kept one.	to hard labour, for any time not exceeding three calendar months,

qor lefs than one calendar month.

Perfons fo I£. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Tint anTlelling68* ^ any P^00 f° renting or taking to hire any flocking frame, them, to be with or without any fuch machine or engine as aforefaid, (hail imprifoned, at any time, from and after the paffing of this act, fell or other* not lefs than w;fe unlawfully difpofe of any fuch (locking frame, or the ma-more than chine or engine therewith let (if any fuch there (hall be) wkbont twelve	the confent of the owner or owners thereof, every fuch offender

months;	being thereof lawfully convided upon any indictment to fat

found againlt him, (hall fuffer folitary imprifonment in the common gaol or houfc of correction of the county, riding, divifioo, city, liberty, town, or place wherein fuch offence (hall have been committed, without bail or mainprize, for a fpace not left than three calendar months, nor exceeding twelve calendar months.

III.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefirid,

*nd tclg^ni. That if any perfon or perfons (hall wilfully and knowingly return liable to cc,ve or Purcbafe any fuch (locking frame, machine, or engine the lame pu-	fo fold or unlawfully difpofed of as aforefaid, contrary to the true

oilhmeiiL.	intent and meaning of this ad, and (hall thereof be lawfully

convided on any indictment to be found againft him or them, every fuch offender or offenders (hall be fubjed to fiich and the like puniftiment as by this aCt is inflicted, or provided to beia-Aided, on fuch perfon fo felling or unlawfully difpofing of say fuch (locking frame, machine, or engine as aforefaid.

IV.	And be it .further enaCted by the authority aforeiaid,

Perfonsenter- That if any perfon or perfons (hall, by day or by night, enter ing (hopn,<Scc. by forcc jmo any boufe, (hop, or place, with an intent to cot or to deftroyl'or	any framework-knitted pieces, (lockings, or other arti-

deftroyingsny clcs or goods being in the frame, or upon any machine or engine framework- thereto annexed; or therewith to be ufed, or prepared for that knitted pjcccs purpofe; or (hall wilfully and malicioully cut or deftroy any offclonv. framework-knitted pieces, (lockings, or other articles or goods

being in the frame, or upon the machine or engine as aforeiaid, or prepared for that purpofe; or (hall wilfully and malidoufly break, deftroy, or damage any frame, machine, engine, tool^nftru-

xneot|

Digitized by booQle

r 7 SS'J Anno vicdimo o&avo GeorgII III. c. 56, 57. r>eor,or ssienTti, ufed Ip and for the working and makingof any liich framework-knitted pieces, (lockings, or other articles or goods lu Jfcbo hofiery of framework-knitted manufactory, not having the :nafcot of the owner fo to do, or break or deftroy any machinery contained in any mill or mills ufed or any way employed in preparing or fpioninor of wool or cotton for the ufe of the docking frames, every offender, being thereof lawfully convi&ed, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall be transported to fome of his Majefty’s dominions beyond feas, for any (pace or term of years not exceeding fourteen years, nor lefs than feven years.

CAP. LVI.

Ati ad to repeal an ad, made In the twenty-fifth year of the reign oT his -present Majetty, intituled. An ad for regulating infirrances on (hips, and on good*, merchandizes, or etfe&s; and far fubfUtoting other _ provifions, for the like purpofc, in lieu thereof.

652

« 5 Geo. 3. c. 44* repealed; and from palling thepreftnt ad, no policy to be made on any (hip, or goods, without inferring thereon the name or names, or the firm of dealing of one or more of the per fans intereft-cd, 6cc. or the name of the cemfigoor or cenfignee, ar of the perfon re-fediog in Great Britain,, who (hall receive or give the order for fuch pa* Ircy. Policies made contrary to this ad to be void.

CAP. LV1I. .

jfn afffor limiting the number ofperfons to be carried on the oufjide of ftage coaches or other carriages.

TXT H E R £ A S great mifebiefs frequently arife9 and bad acci* Pr;amblr;

wY dents happen, by reafon of m improper number of per fans being allowed to go as pafjengersou the roofs or boxes of coaches, ebaifes* and other carriages ofthe like forty travelling for hire; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it ena&ed by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con fern of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and comfoons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the Came, That, from and after the firft day of November one From Nov. r, thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, it the driver of any *7W,only 6 coach, chaile, or other carriage of the like fort, going or travel- ^ uporTthe* ling for hire, (hall permit or (uffer more than fix peri'ons, at one roof; and a and the fame time, to ride or go upon the roof, or more than upoo the box, two pcifons, befides the driver, on the box of any fuch coach, of *“7 chaiic, or carriage, going or travelling for hire, every fuch dri- the Vnahie? ver fo offending, and being convidled of fuch offence, either by herein men* his own confeffion, tjie view of a juftice of the peace, or by the tioacd. oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, before any juftice of the peace acting in and for the county, riding, city, town, divtfton, or place where fuch offence (hall be committed (which oath every fuch juftice is hereby authorifed and required to adminifter), every fuch driver fhall, for every perlon to riding or going as an outiide paffenger, over and above the number of perfons herein-before mentioned and allowed, forfeit and pay tholum of forty (hillings; and in cafe the driver fo offending (hall al(b be the owner of fuch coach, chaife, or other O 0 2	carriage.

Digitized by

Google

554	Anno	vicefimo	oftavo Georgii IIL c. 57. f 1788.

carriage, then the fum of four pounds; and in default of payment of the faid penalties refpcftively, the perfon and perfon fa offending fhall be committed to the common gaol, or bouft of correftion, of the county, riding, city, town, divifion, or place where fuch offence (hall have been committed, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for the fpace of one month, unltfs fuch penalty fhall be fooner paid.

Ifdrivers can- II. And be it further enafted, That if the driver of any not be found, coach, chaife, or other fuch carriage, going or travelling wkha near the grcater number of perfons on the top or box thereof than is ai-owner of the lowed by this aft, cannot be found or known, or being foood carriage to be or known (hall not attend in purfuance of any lummons which liable to the may be ferved upon him, requiring his appearance before a jjuf-pcnaJty. t*,cc Qf the peace, upon a complaint and information laidagunft him of any offence committed againft this aft, then, aod in every fuch cafe, the owner or proprietor of fuch coach, chaife, or other fuch carriage, (hall be liable to the penalty hereby laid upon fuch driver.

IIL And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, P-e officer, That if any conftable or other peace officer (hall refufe or ncgleft executevw- to execute any warrant granted by any juftice of the peace, par-rants, to for- fuant to the directions of this aft, every fuch perfon fo offend-feit 40§. or to ing, and being convifted thereof before one or mere juftice or beimprifoned juftices of the peace, either by his own confcffion, or upon the ora mon . oatjj Q£ Qnc Qf morc crec|j|>]e witnefs or witneffes (which oath fuch juftice or juftices is and are hereby authorifed and required to adminifter), (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings; and in cafe the perfon fo convifted doth not forthwith pay, or fecure to be paid, the laid penalty, then it (hall lawful for fuch juftice or juftices of the peace to commit fuch perfon to the common gaol or houfe of correction of the county, riding, city, town, divilion, or place where fuch offence (hall be committed, there to remain, without bail or mairiprizc, for any time not exceeding one month, unlefs the faid penalty (hall be fooner paid.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That all penalties by this aft impofed (hall go and be paid oo: half to the informer, and the other half to the furveyor of the highways of the parifti or place where fuch offence (hall be committed, to be laid out and applied in the amendment or repair of the publick roads or highways within fuch parifti or place re-fpeftively.

V.	And be it further enafted. That the forms of the pro-Ttinn m me ccec*‘ngs re^tive to the feveral matters contained in this aft, fcMufcto'he which are fet forth and expreffed in the fchedule hereunto an-uftrdon alloc- flexed, (hall be ufed upon all occafions, with fuch additions or cations. variations only as may be neceffary to adapt them to the particular circumftances of the cafe; and that no objeftion (hallbe allowed to be made, or advantage taken, on account of want of form only, in any fuch proceedings.

Fublick act. VI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That

this

Digitized by

Application or peaikiea*

Tonnof proceeding* fet forth in the

*	^88.] Anno vicefimo o&avo GeoRGII III. c. 57.’

*	his a& (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick

and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juf-and other perfons whomfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

TPlie SCHEDULE referred to, containing the FORM ofpro-ceedings mentioned in the foregoing a<ft.

»

SUMMONS for any perfon or perfons to attend a juftice. Jldiddlefex.

To A. B. of

"SI7 HEREAS complaint and information hath been made »V upon oath, before me C. D. one of his Majefty’s juftices of" the peace for the faid [county, etcetera] by E- F. of

Th^t, etcetera [ Hereflatethe nature and tbt cafe, as far as it Jball be necefjery to Jhew the offence, and to bring it within the authority of the juflice\ and in doing that, follow the words of the aft as mar as may] Thefe are therefore to require you perfonally to appear before me	at

in the faid [county, etcetera] on the day of	next	at	the	hour	of	in	the

noon, to anfwer to the faid complaint and information qaade by the faid E. F. who is likewife directed to be then and there prefent to make good the fame. Herein fail not.

Given under my hand and feal, this *	day	of

one thoufand feven hundred

INFORMATION.

Aliddlefex.TyE it remembered. That on the

tl day of	one	thoufand	feven	hundred

A. B. of	in	the	faid	county,	informeth

and maketh oath before me	one	of	his

Majefty’s juftices of th^ peace for the faid county, that

of	in	the	faid	county	[Here	deferibe	the

offence particularly, and follow the words of the aft as near may be] contrary to the ftatute made inthe twenty-eighth year of the reign of King George the Third, for [Here infert the title of the aft] which hath impofed a forfeiture of	for

the faid offence.

Taken and fworn the	day	of

before me,

C. D.

FORM of CONVICTION.

MiddlefeXn "HE it remembered. That, on the il day of	in	the	year

•thoufand feven hundred	at

O03

of our Lord one

in the Cpunty

Digitized by Google

5S& Anno vrcefinio odStavo Georgia IIL C. 58—60. 1178*.

county of	aforefaid, A. B. came before me C. D•

one of his Majcfty’s juftices of the peace for the faid county, etcetera artd informed me, that E. F. of	on	the

day of	now	la ft paft, at

in the faid county, did [Here fet forth the faft in the manner sEr-feribed by the afl] whereupon the faid E. F. after being duly fuen-moned to anfwer the faid charge, appeared before me on the	day of	at

in the faid county, and having heard the charge contained m the faid information, declared that he was not guilty of the faid offence ; but the fame being fully proved upon the the oath of G. H. a credible witnefs, it manifcftly appears to me the faid juftice, that he the faid E. F. is guilty of the offence charged upon him in the faid information: it is therefore conftdered and adjudged by me the faid juftice, that he the faid E. F. be coavi&ed, and 1 do hereby convidl him of the offence aforefaid; and I do hereby declare and adjudge that he the faid E. F. hath forfeited the fain of	of lawful money of Great Britain

for the offence aforefaid, to be diftribuied as the law directs, according to the form of the ftatute in that cafe made and pro* vided.

Given under my hand and (sal, the	day	of

one thou (and feven hundred

This is to be After the words, 44 being duly fummoned to ^nfwer to the \ faid charge,” infert (did not appear before me purfuant to ty refufes^* faid fummons) or% (did negle# and refufe to make any de, appear upon I fence againft the faid charge, but the fame being fully prov-the fummons. Led, etcetra) as before.

This is to be C After the words, 44 contained in the faid information,” inferted when I infert (acknowledged and voluntarily confefted the Came to cuLd^nfef- I true> anc* ^ manifeftly appears to me the faid juftice, etu* festhecharge. L fra) as above.

CAP. LVIII.

An att for enlarging and improving the harbour of Leith; for making a new baton, quays, wharfs, or docks: for building warehoufes; for making new roads, and widening oinert, leading to and from the faid harbour; and for impowerlrtg the lord provoit, magiftraita, tod council of the city of Edinburgh, to porchafe lands, houfci, and areas; and to borrow money for thefc purpofes.

CAP. LIX.

An a& for eftabliftung a permanent fund for the relief and fupport of (kippers and keel men employed on the river Tyne, who by fickneft, or other accidental misfortunes* or by old age* fl»aH not be able to maintain themfelves and their families; and alfo for the relief of the widows and children of fueh (kippers and keelmcn.—The fodetyof keelmen on the river Tyne incorporated, and each kedman to pay one penny out of his weekly wages.

CAP. £X.

An ad to explain and amend an ad, made in the twelfth year of the. reign of his prefent majefty King George the Third, for paving, cleanfing, lighting, watching, and regulating the futures, Arms,

Digitized by

Google

rows,

557

1788.] Anno vlcefimo oftavo Georoii III. c.	—63.

rows, lanes, alleys, and other publick palTige* and places within the parilh of Chrift Church, in Middlefex; and for removing nulfances and obftruftions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for paving and regulating fuch parts of Brick Lane as art not within the faid pariib.—1,5131. drbt fince former aft (may borrow *,o3oJ. befidea i4«oool. by former aft) i rates for paving and regulating now as. 2d. per pound.

CAP. LXI.

An aft for continuing an aft, made in rhe fircond year of the reign of hi* prefent Majcfty, intituled. An aft for enlarging the term and powers of fevera) afts of parliament relating to the harbour of Whitehaven, in the county of Cumberland, and to the roads leading to the laid harbour and town of Whitehaven, and for further enlarging the iald harbour; and for lighting the faid town, and fupplying the fame with water; and for regulating the carmen there; and for repealing fo much of an aft of the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majelty, as relates to the road from Calder bridge to Egremont, and direfting how the faid road lhall be repaired; and for repairing ftveral other roads therein mentioned, in the faid county.—-Continued for ax years (except fo much of aft 13 Geo. a. c. 40. as relates to road from Calder Bridge to Egremont, and was repealed by % Geo. 3. c. 87. and except exemption from ftamp duty).

CAP. LXII.

An aft for pulling down and rebuilding the parifh church of Saint Peter lc Poor, within the city of London, and for widening the fhrect adjacent.

Corporation of London to give 500I. Houfe belonging to parifli. EfU-mate of expence 6,oool. All afts done by five to be valid. Truftees to cboofe a prefident, who is to have a calling vote. All proceedings to be entered in a proper book. Old Broad Street to be thirty feet fix inches wide. To creft a new church. Truftees may difpote of the remainder of the ground. Truftees to raife any fum not exceeding 8,oool. by annuities for life at 8 per cent, affignable. Rate is. 6d. per pound, according to land tax from Midfummer 1788, to be recovered as poor's rates, but payment thereof not to give fettlement. Colleftor to account, and not to be Quakers, Rates to* be veiled in the Truftees. Rates payable quarterly. Tenants to pay the whole rate, and to de-duft half of it out of thtirrent. Not to affeft agreement* between landlords and tenants. Money loft by infoivency or otherwife, new rate to be laid. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feflions. Empty fcoufes not to be rated.

CAP. LXIII.

An a& for charging feveral eftates in the counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, and Durham, fettled upon the late Charles Radcliffc decenfcd> for lifey with remainder to bis firjl and other font, in tail male, with the payment of a dear-yearly rent charge of two thoufand five hundred pounds, payable to the grandfon of the faid Charles Kadcliffe, the right honourable Anthony James earl of Newburgh, and the heirs male of bis body to be begotten.

I. AND whereas the faid James Bartholomew late earl of jfTL Newburgh died on or about the fecond day of January in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty feven^ leaving the fetid Anthony James earl 0/* Newburgh, bis only fon, him furviv-who was born at Slindon, in the county of Suliex, on the twen~

O04	tieth

Digitized by

55 8	Anno	viccfuno	o£Uvo	Georgii III. c*6j.	(178*.

tittb day of June, in the year one thoufand [even hundred ami fifty-/even: and whereas of all the efiates jor filed by the adherents n the caufe of the family of Stuart, either in the year one thoufand Je-tten hundred ana fifteen, or one thoufand feven hundred and forty-five^ the Derwentwater efiates alone fill remain vejled in the truf-tees of the publick, and the hardjbip to the faid Anthony James eari of Newburgh is fingular and unprecedented, in being deprived of a great part of his antient family efiates, mot by the effkfts of the forfeiture of the Jaid Charles Radcliffe, but by the interference of parliament, in tonftquence of the above-mentioned doubts and difficulties which the faid aft of the twenty fiecond of his late Majefly recites to have exijled, concerning the alienage of the faid James Bar. tholomew, late tarl of Newburgh, and the necejfity of a claim being put in to the efiates, on behalf of the unborn children of the fed Charles Radcliffe: and whereas, in cafe the faid James Bartbo-lomew, late earl of Newburgh, bad been born in England, and a* claim bad been entered in due time on behalf of the children unborn of the aforefaid Charles Radcliffe, the faid efiates comprized in the faid Jettlement of the twenty-fourth day of June in the year one thoufand Jevcn hundred and twelve, would undoubtedly have defended from the faid James Bartholomew, late earl of N ewburgh, to the Jaid Anthony James, earl of Newburgh* hk onlj fen, in tail male: and whereas the faid eflates fo comprized in the faid loft-mentioned fit lime nt, at the time when the rents and profits thereof were firjl applied to and for the benefit of the faid royal bofpital at Greenwich, yielded the yearly fum of Jour thoufand five hundred pounds, or thereabouts, and the fame, by judicious management, and the expenditure of large Jams of money thereupon in lafling improvements, now yield the yearly fum of fifteen thoufand pounds, or thereabouts, and it is not feund adviftable to diveft the Jaid eflates out of the corporation of the faid royal bofpital at Greenwich: and whereas, by the deduction of the interejl of the aforefaid jams of twenty-eight thoufand nine hundred pounds, and thirty thoufand pounds, making together the fum offifty-eight thoufand nine hundred pounds, herein-before mentioned to have been paid by the commifjftoners or go* vernors of the faid bofpital, at the rate of four pounds for every one hundred pounds thereof by the year, the clear yearly profit of the faid loft-mentioned ejl ales, at the time the rents and profits thereof were fir ft applied to and for the benefit of the faid royal bofpital as aforefaid, would be reduced nearly to one half of the aforefaid funi of four thoufand five hundred pounds : may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled \ and be it ena&ed by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this pre-fent parliament affembled, and by tbe authority of the fame, V°oU° he That one clear annual fum or yeai|y rent charge of two thou-the /fUtc8P°n knc* ^ve hundred pounds, of lawful money of Great Britain, comprized in fhall (during the life of the faid Anthony James, earl of New- . thrif ttlemcnt burgh, and fo long as there fhall be heirs male of his body) be of S7i*> yearly iffuing and going out of and charged and chargeable upon, all that the barony, manor, or lordfhip of Langley, with x	C	tbe

Google

559

78S.3	Anno vicefimo o&avo Georgii III, c. 64,

le rights, members, and appurtenances thereof, in the faid >umy of Nortbi(mberland% and all other the faid manors or >rctihip&, advowfon, mefluages, lands, tenements, and here-itaments, and all other the bid premifes, with their feveral id refpedtive royalties, rights, members, and appurtenances, mate, fying, and being, in the laid feveral counties of Northum* rUmd and Cumberland, and the county palatine of Durham*

> comprized in the laid fettlemcnt of the twenty-fourth day f Juete in the year one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, as ore faid; and that the fame (hall, from time to time, be pay- to be paid ble and paid quarterly unto the faid Anthony James earl of New- quarterly to urgby and the heirs male of his body to be begotten, which j^wbureh tid dear annual fum or yearly rent charge of two thouftnd five and hishcirs, undrcd pounds (hall commence and take effedt from the wenty-fifth day of March which was in the year of our Lord fomajth ne thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, and lhall be March aid and payable at the four mod ufual feafts or days of pay-lentin the year, (that is to fay); on the feaft of the annun-iation of the blelfed virgin Mary* the nativity of Saint John he baptift, the fealt of Saint Michael the archangel, ,and the salt of the-birth of our Lord Chrift, in every year, without any ledudtion or abatement whatfoever to be made thereout, for >r in refpedt of any taxes, charges, rates, impofitions, or af-effmenrs whatfoever, either already taxed, charged, rated, im-3ofed, or aflefled, or hereafter to be taxed* charged, rated, mpofed, or aflefled, by authority of parliament, or other wife tiowfoever, upon the faid barony, manors, or lord (hips, or eputed manors or lordlhips, capital and other mefluages, ad-*owfon, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premifes, charge sd and made chargeable as aforefaid, or any of them, or on ihe faid annual fum or yearly rent charge of two thoufand five hundred pounds, or any part thereof, or on the faid Anthony .

James earl of Newburgh, or the heirs male of his body to be begotten, or any other perfon or perfons who may become au-tborifed or entitled to receive the fame, or any part or parts thereof, in refpedt of the faid annual fum or yearly rent charge; the firft payment whereof commencing from the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven as aforefaid, and amounting to the clear fum of three thoufand one hundred and twenty-five pounds, for one year and a quarter, due on the twenty-fourth of June one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, (Hall be made on the faid feaft of the nativity of Saint John the baptift in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight.

CAP. EXIV.

An aft for the better paving, clean 6 ng, and lighting the town of Cambridge; for removing and preventing obftruftions and annoyances: and for widening the ftreets, lanes, and other pallages within the (aid town.—gee	Hen. 8. c. 15.

XXIII.	And,



Digitized by LjOoq le

56 o

Commiffion-era empower cd to raife money by rates on occupiers of houfes, & c. at is. per pound per a fin. according to poor rates*

To be paid quarterly.

Anno vlcefimo oZUvo Georou IIL c. 64.	{17SS.

XX.IIU And, for raifing money towards anfweriag and defray tag tW * charees and expcnces of obtaining and patting this aft, and carryis; the tame into execution ; be it further enafted, That the (aid coche* ftoners, or any five or more of them, (halt, and are hereby aotfcorifei and required, once in every year, to afccrtaii* the film or (ami to fat paid by rate or afiVffinents on the feveral inhabitants of the town d Cambridge, and to levy fuch fum or funis by a rate not exceeding one (hilling in the pound for each year, upon the feveral tenants or oew-piers of all houfes, building*, gardens, tenements, and herrdhmas, within the (aid town, according to the annual value of the feme rtipec* tively; fuch annual value to be from time to time fettled according to the refpeftive rents fuch houfes, buildings, gardens, tenements, and hereditaments, (hall be refpeftively rated at, for the relief of the poor of the feveral psrifhet of the faid town, m which foch hoqfes, biddings, gardens, tenements, and hereditaments, fball refpe&rvdy ted or be, previous to the making of fuch rate or afleflineot by the commi/honera; and the firft year for which fuch rate or affefiment ftafl be made, (hall commence at, and be computed from, the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight; and the monies fo to be rated and a defied (hall, from time to time, be paid fa? equal quarterly payments to the collector or collectors, to be appointed as afore faid, and be paid over by fuch collcdor or collectors into hands of the treafurer to the faid commifiioners; and In order to wake fuch rates or affeflment*, the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of the faid town.of Cambridge (hall, and are hereby required, at all fra-tollable times, to permit the treafurer, clerk, or collector to the hid commifiioners, or any other perfon to be appointed by the faid coo* mifiioners, or any five nr more of them, to penife, infpedk, and take copies of the rates or afleffments made at any time within feven yean next preceding, for the relief of the faid poor, and to take a copy thereof $ and if any fuch churchwardens and overfeers of the poor (ball ir-fuCeorncalcft to permit any fuch perufal or infpe&ioa, or the taking of any fuch copy, he or they (half for every fuch refufal or negiedt forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings, to be recovered before any oae of his Majctty’s juttices of the peace for the (aid town of Cambridge, in like manner as other penalties are hereby diredked to be recovered: provided alfo, That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend, or be cot-(trued to extend, to fubjeft the chancellor^ matters and fcfaolars of the univerfity a fore faid, to pay any rates or afieffments for, or inconfiden-’ tion of, the botanick garden in the (aid univerfity.

Rates on houfes let to divers tenants, to be paid by the tenant afleffad. Rates to be borne between landlords and tenants, one third by the land-lord and two thirds by tenant. Ifo tithes, farm, or land, to be nttd. CommiffionerB may raife money by tolls, viz*

For every ttage coach, diligence, or other fuch publick carriage, carrying paflengers or parcels for hire, the fum of one (hilling:

For every waggon, wain, cart, or other fuch carriage, laden with goods, warn, or other merchandize, the fum of two-pence:

For every norfe, or other beaft of burthen, laden with any goodi, wares, or other merchandize, the fum of one halfpenny:

For every fcore of kine or oxen, fwine and (keep, driven into or through the faid town or any part thereof, the fum of two-pence:

For every horfe, mare, gelding, colt, filly, or mule, driven or lead kto or through the faid town for (ale, the fum of one penny*

Tolls to be demanded, and paid in any part of the town. Inhabitaati exempt from toll, except travelling for hire. Commifiioners may reduce or raife the tolls* Tolls may be let to farm. Coramiffi oners aay borrow money; and affign the rates as a fecurity, or by annuities on lives at ip per cent. The whole monies not to exceed 6y0ool. An-

nnifiea

Digitized by

> 88. J Anno vicefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 65—68.

lilies not liable to land tax. Nothin? in this aft to extend to any col-gc or ball. Penalty on breaking or damaging lamp?, by matriculated offcer perfons, fir ft offence aot. fecond offence 30s. third and after Porm of conviftion. Colleges and corporation impowered to fell >«xAc. Money to be laid out in lands in trull for the college, &c. arporation may hereafter alter the market place. Refervation of the riH of the univerfity to fuperintend and regulate the markets. Pro-lo Aar holding fair and market. Stallions not to be (hewn within the rartfe* Houfes may be numbered; and names of ffrects put up. Li-illation of aftions. 35 Hen. 8. c. 15. repealed. Proportion of the tomes to be raifed by the univerfity and town for the firft pavements, to be fettled, and two fifth parts paid by univerfity, one twelfth f remaining three fifth parts by corporation, and remainder to be orrowed on tolls and rates. Univerfity may borrow 4,000!. Two fth*of expence of firft paving to be paid by univerfity by affefiment •f colleges, to be paid by burfar, and one twelfth of remaining three-iffcba by corporation for firll pavement, and after iol. pcr ann.

CAP. LXV.

kit aft for removing and preventing encroachments, nbftruftioxM, an* noyances, and other nuifances, within the city of Briftol, and the liberties thereof; and for licenfing and better regulating hackney coaches, chairs, waggons, cam, and other cirriages, and the owner*, drivers, and carriers thereof refpeftively, and porters, and other per-fons, within and for certain distances round the faid city and liberties ; aod for better regulating the Ihipping and trade, and the rivers, wharfs, backs, and Quays, and the markets within the fame city and liberties; and for other purpofes.

C A P. -LXVI.

An aft for regulating buildings and party walls, within the city of Briftol, and the liberties thereof.

CAP. LXVir.

An aft for widening and rendering commodious a certain ftreet, called Broad Street, within the city of Briftoi; and for enlarging the council hotifc and guild hall of the laid city, and providing publick offices thereto, and repertories for the books, papers, and records of the faid city.

CAP. LXVIII.

An aft for enabling the commifiioners for putting in execution an aft made in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for paving the ftreets and lanes within the town and borough ot Southwark, and certain parts adjacent, in the county of Surrey; and for cleanfing, lighting, and watching the lame; and alfo the courts, yards, alleys, and paflages adjoining thereto; and for preventing annoyances therein 5 to open, widen, and better regulate the fcveral ftreets, lanes, and patiages within the eaftdiviiion in the faid aft deferibed.

6 Geo. 3* c. 34* ?i Geo. 3. c. 17. Commifiioners. Qualification of commMfioners. Their oath. Commifiioners may purchafe houfes for widening the ftreets. Premifes deferibed. Perfons under incapacities impowered to fell and convey lands, &c. In cafe of refufal to treat, a jury (hall be fummoned. 3 Geo. a. c. %$. Jury may be challenged. Comcniffioners may fummon witnefies, and examine them upon oath. Tea days notice to be given to parties interefted, before any view to be had of the premifes. Jury to aflefs damages upon oath; which damages (hall be deemed the value, and commifiioners to give judgement thereof, which (frail be binding. Upon payment of the monies agreed or awarded, lands, See. to be conveyed to the commifiioners. On failure in making oat a good title, or iQ executing a conveyance, the money to be paid into thg bank, Ac* Verdiftt, See. to be enrolled. Copies

Digitized by Google 8<wd

561



Anno vicefimo o&avo GeoRGIiIII. c. 68. [178?.

good evidence. Lands, 8cc. veiled in commiffioners on payment, hi the requeft of the parties, purchase money ipay be placed in the foods. Pcrfons entitled to the mefne profits to receive, the dividends- In cafe of nonpayment or tender, the verdift, dcjp-. not banding. Purchafe money may be laid out in lands, &c- for the former ufes. Conveyances by feme covert inrolled to be cffe&ual; and fo all other bargains and (ales for the purpofes of this ad. Claims to be made in five years. Period* entitled to premifes fold to cotnmifiioner* may bring a&ioos of debt again ft thofe who received the purchafe money. Tenants at wtfi md 1cflees for a year to quit. On refufal the commiflioners to iflue precept to the officer having return and execution of writs. Mortgagees required to affign mortgages on payment of principal and iotereft. Os refute!, intereft to ceafe. In cafe of refufal, money to be paid into the bank. Premifes to veft in commiflioners. All fums paid to be chargeable on monies railed for the purpofes of this aft, and to be paid or tendered to be paid before ufe made of the premifes. Penalty on officer having the execution and return of writs, jurymen, etc. neglecting their duty. In what manner the expence of the jury is to be defrayed. Af-certaining the jurymen’s allowances. Occupiers not compelled to fefl a part, if inclined to fell the whole. Forafcertaining the raue of parts of premifes, the whole of which is not taken. Commiflioners may (fit-pole of overplus land. Tythes, furplice fees, and Ealter offerings for the houfesto be pulled down, to be charged on the rates under this adt; at 48. per ann. each houfe, to the feveral redtors of St. OUve,SL John and St. Mary Magdalen, Bermondfey; and after their determination, on the rates under 6 Geo. 3. c. a#. For railing money for the pm-pofes of the adt. New rate not to exceed 6d. in the pound on homes, etc.; nor more than 3d. on wharfs. Kate on publick buildings 6<L per fquare yard per ann. Rates to be colledted, etc. as thofe laid by aft 6 Geo. 3. Money may be raifed by annuities charged on rates. Penalty on obftrudting the footways.' Goods, etc. may be feized, and detained until the penalties paid. Perfont feeing any fuch offence committed may feize the offender. Offenders, in default of payment, to be committed. Lime not to be flaked, nor beer ftarted tn the ftreet 'between 8 in the morning and 7 at night. No perfon to collect afties but the fcavenger employed by the commiflioners; upon pain of forfeiting for every offence not lefs than ros. nor more than nos. !b default of payment, to be committed. Footways to be fwept. Certae penalties to be recovered within fourteen days. Cbmmiffiooers, at their owncoft9, may remove all prefent bow windows.* Commiffioners may give notice to owners of houfes to alter gutters and fponts, aad to take away and remove all fteps, flee, and cellar flaps, and all other Incroachments. In cafe the owners negledt to alter after notice, the commiflioners may do it, and be reimburfed the charges thereof by the owner, flee. Expences of removing annoyances may be levied by diftrefs. Where houfes let out, any one occupier (hall be deemed the tenant. Expences to be allowed to tenants. Commiffioners may make allowances to perfons injured. Poor pcrfons to be relieved from payment. When any houfes or other buildings are rebuilt or new fronted, the commiflioners may take part of thcjjround into the ftreet on which fuch houfes or buildings aout. All new buildings to rife perpendicularly; or they (hall be pulled down, and the cofts to be paid by the owner, etc. In cafe of refufal, action may be brought. Trei-furer to be appointed. Treafurer to apply money as directed by com-miffioners. It receiver dies, his representatives to pay over the balance to the treafurer. Executors may plead the payment thereof. Commiflioners mav mitigate penalties.' Parties aggrieved may appeal to the feflion8, firft giving twenty-one days notice, and entering into recognizance. Juftices may award cofts. Penalties not before provided for to be levied by diftrefs and fale. Commiffioners may apportion penalties. Diftrefs not unlawful for want of form. No plaintiff (hall recover, if tender of amends made before adtion brought. Orders of the commiflioners to be entered in a book. No proceedings to be quaihed for want of form. Paying expends of the act. Limitation of

uftioim

Digitized by

Got e

78 s.] Anno vicefimo o&avo Georoii III. c. 6g—71.

ctions. Defendants may plead the general iflue. If plaintiffs non-oitedi defendants (ball have treble cofts. Not to affect the jurifdic-ion of Surrey or London, Publick act. '

CAP. LXIX.

flLia stA for taking down the prefent court houfe and gaol, and erecting and fesailding a new court houfe and gaol, in and for the town and county off Invcrnefs; and for appropriating the fum of one tboufand pounds Mt of the unexbaufted balauce, or furplus, anting from the forfeited cfiatei in North Britain, towards erecting and building the tame.

CAP. LXX.

An act for rebuilding the bridge over the river Rea, at the town of fiirmingham, called Dcritend Bridge, and widening the avenues thereto; and for widening and varyinjg the courfc of the (aid river jnear the (aid bridge, and making a weir, and other neccflary works to prevent the lower part of the laid town from being overflowed.

Trainees. Appointment of new truflees, Truftees may act as judices. Meetings of the truftees. Proceedings to be done by the majority of tbe truftees at meetings, not being left than five. Truftees may appoint officers. Officers to account. Truftees to caufe the prefent Midge to be taken down, and a new one built. Bridge not to be erected within twenty feet of Mr. Jennens's land. Power to change the codrfc of the river, etc. Bed of the old courfe of the river, and of the null pond, vefted in the truftees. Land to be fet out for making a pond for* nr Tho. Gooch’s mill, in lieu of that vefted in the faid truftees. Certain houfes and buildings to be taken down for widening the avenues to the bridge. Compenfation to be made for the buildings to be tftfcen down, and ground to be ufed for the purpofes of the ad. Corporations, etc. impowered to treat with the truftees for fale of houfes. If they do not agree, the value to be ascertained by a jury. , How the cxpcnceaof the jury are to be pai^. Money aflefled to be paid out of the toils. Purchafe money for houfes, etc. belonging to corporations, etc. to be laid out in purchafe of other edates to be fettled to tho feme ufes. Power to ered a turnpike and colled tolls at the bridge for four years. Tolls.

For every carriage with four wheels, the fum of two-pence:

For every carriage with two wheels, the fum of one penny :

For every horfe, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the fum of one halfpenny:

For neat cattle, after the rate of ten-pence per fcore ; and for (beep, fwinc, and calves, after the rate of five’-pencc per fcore i

Toll payable but once a day. Exemptions from toll $ carriages carrying manure, cattle going to water or pafture, foldiers hordes on march or duty, or carrying baggage, etc. or going to eledions. Truftees may bet the tolls for one year at a time. Power to borrow 3,oool. If the tolls are not fufficient for payine the money borrowed and intereft, the truftees may make a rate upon the inhabitants, is. per pound on houfes and 6d. on lands. No houfe under 10I. per ann. value to be rated.

CAP. LX XI.

An ad* for dividing and inclofing the marib, called Malidraeth and Corfddaugau, in the county of Anglefey, and for embanking the faid nuurfli; and for making cuts, channels, and other works, for draining and preferving the fame; and for allowing the fret ufe of fuch cuts or channels, with boats or other vefleli*, upon the payment of certain rates, to be applied towards fupporting the faid embankments and works.—Marlh 3,000 acres.

CAP.

Digitized by

5®4

Anno vJcefimo odavo Georgh III. c. 71—7S.	[1788.

CAP. LXXII.

An aft for making and maintaining a navigable canal, from Centre reek near the town of Flint, to Greenfield in the count/ of Ftiak—Tk Flint canal company incorporated.

CAP. LXXin.

An aft for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the caul at Donnington Wood, in the couhty of Salop, to or near « place cafcd Southall Bank, and from thence by two feveral branches to amnmt-nicate with the river Severn, one near Coalbrook Dale, and the other near Madcley Wood, in the faid county, and alfo certain collateral cuts to join fuch canal.—The company of proprietora of the Shrop-fhirecaaal navigation incorporated.

CAP. LXXIV.

An aft for rebuilding the parifti church of Paddfogton, in the canity of Middlefex, and for enlarging the church-yard of the faid parity AflWTment is. per pound on occupiers. To raife 4>50ol. by aaaoitie* for life at SI. xos. per cfcnt.

CAP. LXXV.

An aft for paving the footways, and cleanfiag, lighting, and watcfciap the ftreets and other publick pillages and places within the borough of Hertford, and removing and preventing obftruftions, noi&nces, sad

annoyances therein.-Rates is. per pound equally between

and tenant. May raife 150!. on annuities for life at iol. per cent.

C A P. LXXVI.

An aft for ntifmg further films of money for the better relief of the past of the city and county of the city of Exon; and to explain and &m*wd an aft palled in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefect Mi* jefty, u for rendering more eifeftuat feveral afts of parliament fee erefting hofpitals and workhoufes within the laid city and county, for the better employing and maintaining the poor there.*

Corporation impowered to raife 3,500!. by aflefftnent within it mouths after pafling this aft, towards difeharging their prefent debt. See. How to be raifed. Corporation to afeettatn what Turns neceftary for maime-nance of poor in any one year; not exceeding 5,000*. (the annual expenditure) beyond (aid 3,5001. Coramiftioners to be convened to gcweral court before any money levied, above annual afTelfmcnt of 5,000! aad faid 3,500}. Repeal of power of borrowing with coufeot of cooMnsfioa-ers, given by 35 Geo. 3. c. 31.

CAP. LXXVII.

An aft for rebuilding the bridge over the river Derwent, at or tear the town and borough of Derby; and for improving the avenues or approaches thereto.—'Tolls taken, and 4,tool. borrowed thereon, ua-fefe 3,4001. voluntarily fubferibed.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An aft for enlarging the terms and powers of two aftsof the twelfth and nineteenth years of his pretent MajeHy’s reign, made “ for building s temporary bridge, and completing a new ftone bridge, over the river Tyne, between the town of Newcaftle upon Tyne and Gatefbead, in the county of Durham, and making the avenues to and the padaget over the tame more commodiousand for removing and prevenuog nuiftnees and annoyances in the ftreets, lanes, or avenues leading to the faid new ftone bridge, within the town of Gatelbead, in the county of Durham.—Tolls to be taken at the bridge.

CAP.

Digitized by

Google

f88.] Anno vicefimo odtavo GeorOii III. c. 79—83* CAP. LXXIX.

n ad to enable Sir Benjamin Hammet knight, to lay out and build a new ftreet, from Fore Street to the church of Saint Mary Magdalen, within the town of Taunton, in the county of Somerfet.

C A P. LXXX.

n adt for building a bridge over the river Trent, at or near Sawlejr Ferry, in the counties of Derby and Leice&er.

C A P. LXXXI.

ji aft for incorporating the governors of the free grammar fchool of the town and parifti of Bolton in the Moors, in the county palatine of Lan-cafter,of the foundation of Robert Lever, late of Loudon, gentleman, deceafed; and fqr enlarging tbe trufts and powers of the faid governors, for the benefit of the laid fchool.

CAP. LXXXII.

in aft for taking down and rebuilding tbe gaol of the caftle of Chefter, the prothonotary*s office, the exchequer record rooms, and other of* fices and buildings adjoining or near to the laid gaol, and for making proper yards and conveniences thereto.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An ad for repairing the church of the parifh of Saint Paul Covent Garden; in the county of Middlefex; for repairing and improving the gates and avenues leading to the (aid church; and for removing the prefent watchboufe, and providing another for the ufe of the faid parifh. .

END of VOL. XXXVI. Part II.



Digitized by Google

Digitized by boodle

THE

ST ATUTESat Large, &c.

Annoregni GEORGII III. Regis,	-

nee	Britannia,	Francia, ,

vicejimo nono.

T parliament begun and holden at Weft-

minfter, the eighteenth day of May, Anno Domini 1784, in the twenty-fourth year of the reign f ourfovereign lord GEORGE the	by	the

%race of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued, by feveralprorogations and adjournments, to the third day of February, 1789; being the fixtb lejjion of theJixteentb parliament of Great Britain.

An ad to continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the fufaje&s of his Majefty’s dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the United States of America, fo far as the lame relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of. the countries belonging to the faid United States. -

13 Geo. 3* c. 39- U Geo. 3. c. 45- »3 Geo. 3. c. 39 fo far as relates to the commerce between this kingdom and the United State* of America, tnd 14 Geo. 3. c. 45. to continue in force till April 5, 1790. Sec. 2. Iron, hemp, fail-cloth, and other articles from any place bordering on the Baltic, which may be exported from this kingdom, if exported contrary* to law, and goods imported from the United States of America, and not permitted by law, and alfo good* imported from thefe State* contrary to law, to be forfeited. Sec. 3. Forfeitures arc to be recovered wad applied, as forfeitures refpedting the revenue of cuftoms. Sec. 4*

CAP. I

18 to continue in force till April 5.1790*

« w tvuuuuc m rorve iui Apru 5.

Vfli. XXXVI.	R	r

Vet. XXXVI.

CAP.

Digitized by

Google

Anno vicefimo nono Georgii III. C. 2.	[*789.

CAP, II.

An aft for punifliing mutiny and defertion} and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. — Number of forces 17,448, including 1,610 invalids.

Sec. 46. Loads of waggons increased to thirty hundred weight. Sec. 65. Soldiers debts, for which volunteers may be confined, enlarged to sol. This aft to continue in Great Britain till March 25, 1790, in the iUaeds of Jerfcy, Guernfev, Aiderney, Sark or Man, {ill May 1, »?9Q, H Gibraltar and the King’s other dominions beyond the feat\H March 1$, 1791. The King may grant a commiflion for holding courts-martial, &c. Courts-martial may inflift corporal punilhment for immoralities, &c. General court-martial not to confift of lefs than 13, (except within the garrifon of Fort James, &c.) and the prefident to be a field officer, or officer next in feniorlty, not under the degree of a captain; (except in the garrifon of Fort James, &c. where they are to confift of five at leaft.) Courts-martial may adminifter oaths to witneflea. Officers to be fworn. Judge’s charge befprc oath. The oath. The judge-adio cafe to be fworn. The oath. In Sentences of death, what ottmhtr «f officers fhali concur, &c. Hours of trial. Dcferter may be adjudged to ferve in any corps abroad for life, or for a term of year*; but returning without leave before expiration of fnch term, he iball fuffer death. The party tried intitled to a copy of the fenteocf and proceedings of the court-martial. Original proceedings, See. of courts-martial ro he tranfmitted to the judge-advocate general in London, See. Proceedings of courts, or entries, or copies thereof, not liable to lUmp-doties. None to be tried a fecond time for the fame offence, except in cafe of appeal. This aft not to exempt foldiers from ordinary proceeding!. Mutters to be made twice a year. Penalty on falfe certificates to excafe foldiers from mufters. Penalty on officers making falfe qiuta, fee. Commiflary or mutter-matter to give notice of mutter to mayor, fee. on penalty of 50I. Mutter-rolls tS be figned by the mayor, &c. Penalty on perfons ottering therafelvcs to be falfely muttered. Horfes felfely muttered to be forfeited, &c. Forfeiture how to be levied. Officer embezzling, Sec. military ft ores, to be call dared, and forfeit iooL aad tfie damage to be made good by fale of h>* goods and chattel*; for want of diftrefs, the offender to be committed. Application of the forfeiture. Mu (ter-matter, &c. taking a mutter, to make oath. The oath. Penalty on agents, &c. detaining officers or foldiers pay. ^yeckJy ratei. Penalty on agents difobeying of orders. Penalty on officers muttering perfons by wrong names. Recital of the Petition of Right, 3 Car. 1, etc. Conttables, etc. to quarter officers and men in inns, ^eboufes, etc. but in no diftillers or (hopkeepers houfes, or in any private houfes. Penalty on conttables, etc. quartering foidietf in private houfes, etc. Penalty on officers quartering foldiers contrary to this aft, etc. Perfooi aggrieved by being quartered on, may complain to. any juftice, tad be relieved. No juftice having any military office to he coacetoed » W-lettiug his foldiers. Officers and foldiecs to pay rates for their provi* fions. If innholders refute to furiulh the men quartered on them with meat, they ihall allow them candles, final! beer* etc. gratis. Penalty os taking money to excufe any perfon from quartering. Dragoons* etc. and their horfes to be biiletted in the fame houfes. Manner of chaog-fog men and horfes. Officers, m?o, and -barfe*, belonging to the horn pr dragoons, how to be quartered, etc. Dragoons, etc. quartered 00 perfons to bo have no ftables, may be removed to tbofe who Jiwve ftabta, etc. -Claufe relating to a foldier’s fettle meet for his wifoaodckiidrei. Officer*, etc. to be quarteted in Scotland* as the laws in foscc.attbe union direft. No pay matter, etc. to make deduftions out afvfifrnoc private men’s pay. Exception. Treafury may ittue out tbe;THoaey dae for clothing every two months. Paymafter to deduft the offieefonintf* Officers to give notice to innkeepers of fobfiftex>qe-money;fo IhrahtiKU. tfotei of fubfiftence to be paid to fonkespera* etc* for foWicn qatrtm.

1kofly

Digitized by v^ooQle

$3$9*] Anno vj^efimo nano Georgii III. c. 2.

Penalty on officers not paying fubfiftence-monev. On nonpayment of quarters, the officer to make up accounts, etc. No muflrr in Weitmin* fter, etc, but in the prefence of two or more iuftices. Confta‘oles, etc. may bjflet foldiers in VVeftminfter, etc. Petty conftables, etc. to quarter foldiers in their refpeftive divifions. Conftahlep, etc. to deliver lifts at quarter feftions, on oath, of inhabitants, and folaiers quartered in their refpeftive divifions; to be infpefted without fee. Copies of fuch lifts to be wrote by the clerk at id. per fbeet, containing 150 words. Penalty on default. Penalty on giving defective lifts Howto “be levied. Mtifter-rolls, 10 miles diftant from l.ondpn, to be clofed Svtthin 34 hours after the muftcr, and returned within frven days, to the 'comhafflary general of mufters, etc. Penalty. Juft ices may order con-’AfcWca to provide carriages. Rates for carriages. Penalty on officers forcing waggons to travel more than one day’s journey, etc. Penalty on conftables, etc. negleft. TYeafurer of the county to repay the confta-ble’s extraordinary charges. The money for that purpofehow to bt raided. Tfo waggon, etc. to carry above 30 hundred Weight. Carriages in Scotland how tobeprovided. Soldiers wives, etc. not to be quartered without confent. Penalty. Penalty on officers or foldiers deftroving the game, lfon-commiffion officer embezzling foldier’s pay, etc. to be reduced, 'etc: JufUceg may commit deferters. Reward for taking up deferters. Penalty on perfons concealing deferters, or receiving their arms, clothes, etc. Penalty on officer breaking open any houfe without warrant. His Majcfty impowered to make articles of war, and to conftitute courts-rmafrttal. None to be adjudged of life or limb, but for crimes exprerted tq be fo pumfhable by this aft, Offenders beyond fea, etc. may be tried here, etc. Perfons acquitted, etc. by the civil mngiftrate, may only be cashiered by £ court martial. Perfons accufed of capital crimes, etc. to .be delivered over to the civil magiftrate, etc. Paymafters, etc. to account With executors. Perfons fued may plead the general iHue. Treble cofts. All fuits to be brought in fome of the courts of record at Weftminfter, or the court of feffion in Scotland. Penalties again!* an aft 1 Geo. 1. where to be fued for. No volunteer liable to procefs^ un-lefs for fome criminal matter, or unlefs for a real debt of the value of aol. Oath of the debt tobe made before a judge, and a memorandum thereof marked on the back of the procefs. Plaintiff may file a common appearance*. Soldiers, while confined for debt, not to receive piy Penalty on conftable*, etc. taking money to excufe any perfon from quartering; and on victuallers retufing to quarter foldiers. Juftices may order conftables to give an account of the number of foldiers quartered, etc. How the troops are to pay in parting over ferries in Scotland. Clafcfe for relief of perfons haftily inlifting themfelves. Perfons refufing the faid relief, to be proceeded againft as if duly inlifted. Offences againft former mutiny afts punifhable by this aft. None liable to be tried, etc. for offences againft former afts, which were committed three years before ifluing the warrant for trial; unlefs he ha9 absented him-felf, etc. Officers, etc. of the trains of artillery fubj«*ft to this aft. American troops of Britilh colonies, aftingin conjunction with Britifh fotecs, liable to the fame martial laws. Officers and foldiers of the American troops fent over to Great Britain, to be quartered and bil-letted as the Britilh forces; and under the fame regulations and penalties. Where any corps beyond feas fhall be relieved in order to return home, Itochof the men as (hall chufe may be inlifted, and incorporated with thofe appointed to remain; the occafion of quitting fuch former corps to be recited in the inlifting certificate. In what cafes this aft (hall extend to Jerfejr, Guernfey, etc. This aft not to extend to the mi.itia farther than is direfted by the militia laws: exception. As often as • if fhall be neceflary, officers of the land and marine forces may fit in 'cOnfonftion upon courts-martial; taking rank according to the feniority of their commiflion8. Officers of the King’s forces, and officers in the 3£Nt India company’s fervice, may fit in conjunftion at court-martial, etc. ' Militia and fcncible men, when in aftual fervice, to be regularly -nfuftered, etc. Names of militia men, etc. who are within fix months life expiration of their fervice, to be certified on the back of the 1 muter-roil. Form of con vision. Continuance of this aft.

Rn	CAP.

Digitized by

Google

Anno vicefimo nono GeORGii IIL c. 3—8. [1789. CAP. III.

An a£l for the regulation of bia Majeftjr’a marine force* white on feme.

Sec. it. Deferters beyond fea to be tried, as if the offence had 1*** committed within the realm.

CAP. IW

An ad for more pjfedually carrying into execution the purpofes of cer-tarn ads, of the ftxtecnth and twenty-third years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for the better relief and employment of the poor, within the hundred of Forehoe, in the county of Norfolk.

16 Geo. 3. c. 9. and *3 Geo. 3. c. 49. recited. Ppwer to borrow 4000I. oh rates directed by 13 Geo. 3. Sec. %. Money may be paid off by ballot or other wife, and notice to be given to the perfons entitled. Sec. 3. Provifo. No mortgage or alignment to affed money borrowed on former ad. Sec. 4. Power to lay additional rates, in all is. 9d. Jief pound per ann. Appeal againft the rates. Sec. 5. Money to anffc by the former ads and this ad to be one joint fund. Pubiick aft.

CAP. -V.

An ad for the improvement of Manchefter Square, within the pariftt of Saint Marylebor.e, in the county of Middlefex.

Sec. 3. Women may vote by proxy. Sec 9. Rates 6d. per pound, rent pqr ann. Empty houfes exempt, and owners to pay tor ambafl^dort. Rates to commence June 14* 1789. Sec. 15. Truflees may wife tool, by annuities, or at legal intereft. Sec. %6. Appeals to traftees, and from them to quarter feffions, no Certiorari. Sec. a8. Not to affed other ads relative to St. Marylebone.

CAP. VI.

An ad for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be railed in Great Britain, for the fen-ice of the year one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-nine.—-at 4s. in the pound.

CAP. VII.

An ad for enlarging the term and powers of fo much of an ad, made in the eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as relates to the repairing and widening feveral roads leading through the county of Roxburgh; and for better regulating the ftatute labour within die Aid county./

Ad 8Geo. 3. c. 60. continued for *r years, with the tolls granted thereby, and converting the ftatute labour to a competition. See. 41* Ckigy-men not taxable for glebes or fchoolhoures, &c. Turnpikes may be crededj and veiled in truftces, with the tolls.

CAP. VIII.

An an ad for building a new (hire houfe for the county of Eflex.

Sec. 1. Juftices to authorife the purchafe of meffuages, buildings, and ground. To be conveyed to truflees. Sec. %. Power to perfons feifed to fell the fame. Sec. 4. On payment of money the eftates to be veiled in truftees. Sec. 6. Old fhire houfe, dec. to be taken down, and new (hire houfe built. Sec. 7. Lady of the manor to give up the ground os which the prefent (hire houfe Hands, &c. Sec. 8. Preserving the right of dame Anne Mildmay, lady of the manor to the market. Sec. o. Juftices may allot the lady of the manor a place for receiving tolls, Ac. Sec. xo. No buildings to be ereded b^wccn the new (hire houfe mid

Digitized by Google

Anno vicefimo nono Georgii III. c. 9, to. '	591

the ftreet. Sec. n. Money to be railed for the purpofes of this aft 14,000]. See. 1*. Manner of raiing it by rates. To be paid by landlords and tenants in equal moieties. See. 13. In places where the juf-ticet for the county have no power, they may neverthelefs a (certain the fHimQrtipqaof this rate; Sec. 14. and the magistrates of fijeh places thaUaftefs and raife the money fo ordered to be raifed. Sec. 15. Application of the money, after building compleated, the furplus to be applied as the county dock. Sec. 17. Accounts to be made up annually*

Sec. ip. Perfon* aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feflion*. Sec. so.

LiriaiUtion of aftions to fix aionths. General lflne. *%eble cofts.

An aft to nptal two afts, madt in the twenty-fifth and twenty fixth .years of his reign of his prefent Majejly, lor granting to hi$

Majefty certain duties on (hops within Great Britain.

WHEREAS an aft was made, in the twenty fifth year $/* Preamble.

the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An aft for grant- %s Geo. 3. ing to his Majefty certain duties on (hops within Great Britain: c. 30. and and whereas another aft was made, in the twenty fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled. An aft to explain and 16 Geo. 3. amend in aft of the laft felfion of parliament, intituled. An aft c# 9* recited* /ar granting to bis Majejly certain duties on jbops within Great Britain; for repealing feveral of the duties granted by the faid a£t» and for granting other duties in lieu thereof: and whereas it is expedient that the faid afts fhould be repealed: may it therefore pRafe ydur Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the fifth day of April one thoufand and from feven hundred and eighty-nine, the feveral duties granted by the (aid recited afts (hall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid cept \n c’afeB or payable; and that then, and from thenceforth, all the pow- relating to rc-ers and authorities given and granted, and the rules and regu- covering ar-lations cftablilhed and prescribed by the faid recited afts, for or [£.*”0? toUpc-in relation to the managing, fecuring, afeertaming, collefting, Dairies incur-recovering, levying and paying the faid duties, and all penalties red on or be-and forfeitures in refpeft thereof, (hall alfo ceafe, determine, *orc that day. andt bp no longer put in execution; fave only and except in all cafea. relating to the recovering any arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of the faid duties, and to the payment ^thereof into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, or to any penalty or forfeiture which (hall have been incurred upon, or at any time before, the faid fifth day of April\ any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. IX,

CAP. X.

An-a&Jbr continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties v

. . rr?t

for the fervice of the year one thou nine.

*ri

Google ^ ^ ^

Digitized by

Anno vicefimo nono Georgii III. c. i i, 12. £178^ CAP. XI.

An to enable Mary Alfager, Margaret Alfager, and Judith AHa-gfT, to fir.iffi and complete a new church or chapel, in the pariftof Bart hom ley, in the county of Chcfter* and to endow the fame; ahdto eftablilh a charity fchool within the faid parifh; and vefting the right of prefentation to the faid church or chapel in them, and the future lords and ladies of the manor of Alfager, within the faid county.

Right of common upon the fc;te of the new church, fchool, and the l» rial ground extinguished. Power to incloife the ohurch yard, and to ereft fea's, etc. in the church. Sec. a*. Mrs. Alfagers, and the fatu^e lords or ladies of the manor, to have the right of prefentation, and to appoint warden*, clerks, fextons, etc. and aJfo a curate* and eu«reb-wardens and other officers. New church to be fubjeft to the vifitatioiiof the bilhop of Chefter. Sec 3. No new parifh to be made, and parifHioa-ers, exempt from the repairs of the new church. Sec. 4• No bnrials under the churcn. Burial* and chriftenings to be regiftered. Sec. $• Double We* for churchinvre and burials; half of which to be accounted for to the w-tor,>:tc of Barthomley. Sec. 6. Seats allotted for Mrs. AJfagers, their tenants, the curate,*he churchwardens, poor, etc. Sec. 7 Churchwardens to iet the pews, and to apply the rents to the repair of the church, etc. and to the payment of the falaries of the clerk, fexton, etc. and to pay the overplus to the truftees. Power to fue tor rent of pews. Sec. 9. Rents "f pews to be entered in books, and accounted for annually* Sec. 9 Power for Mrs. Alfager* to inciofe part of the common for the fchool, etc. Land inclofed, with the buildings thereon* veiled in tnrf-tccs. Sec. ti. Truftees to have the government of the fchool after fht death of Mis. Alfagers. Sec. iv Appointment for fchool-mafter, by Mra. Alfage# , and the furvivors. Sec.13. Curate of the new church to have a preference, etc. S“C 14. An eftate in Alfager verted in the.OU-nifter as ihe endowment of the church. Sec. 15 In default of nomination the church to iapfe. Sec 16. Sums to paid to the bifhop fdr ly-noda's at Eafter, is. for procurations at triennial vifitgtion*, 38.^ Sec. 17. Truftees, out of the rents of the inclofed land, to pay fuch of the ex» pences as th** rents of the pews (hall fall fhort of. Sec. j$. Truftees ty enter thei»- accounts in books; and annually account and pay the balance. Sec 19. Appointment of new truftees by the remaining truftees, to be an inhabitant and land owner, (except the curate and fchool* mafter.) Powers of the a6f may be executed by three truftees. Sating the rights of the rc&or of Barthomley. General laving.

CAP. XII.

An aft for paving, repairing, cleanfing, lighting, watching, widening and regulating the ftreets, lane*, alleys, and publick pafTages, witton the to An of Whitby, in the county of York; for preventing iftcroicfc-. ments,’nuifances, and annoyances therein; for regulating the carriages, cartmen, and porters there; and for making convenient approaches to the bridge over the river Efk, within the faid town.

Art 4 Geo. 3. c. 73. recited, and repealed, and this a& to commence, fub.eft to a debt of 600I. JRight of the lord of the manor referred, who is to pave and clcanfe the market-place:	Truftees to regulate car-

riages, waues of porters, lcavenjers, lighting and watching, and to mane avenues to the bridge; they may piirchafe lands within 10 years, or owner not obliged to fell, and may fell furplfc* ground; h dnty « is. per challron, laid on coals at Whitby, and the fame to ay be varied an 1 leficned; but the duty on coals uifed in the allow worfcvtobe drawn bick; and the truftees may borrow money, on annuities, and affign the rates and duties. Appeals to frifions, no Certiorari, a ad in-bitants may be witncfics.

Digitized by

CAP.

7?9*] Anno viteiirfio nono Georgii III. c. 13, 14.	593

C "A	P. Xfll.

ufxe off ii fufptni, for a ftmited time, the execution of an aft pojfei .	M feJfton °f Parliaments intituled, An ad for the better

fecuring the rights of perfons qualified to vote at county ele&ions; and for indemnifying the perfons required to carry the ‘

* /bid eft into exetflitto, from the penalties they may have incur red in not exec uting the provijiens of the faid aft.

WHEREAS ah aft was made in the lajlfeffion of parliaments Preamble.

•(intitaleds An art for the better fecuring the rights of »8 Geo. 3. perfons qualified to vote at county eledions:) and whereas it is c. 36* recited,

expedient to fujpend the execution of the faid aft; be it therefore enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefly, by and with the ad-

VTcfe dnd content of the lords fpiritudJ and temporal, and cotft-1tfbfts, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the further operation and execution of andfufpended the faid ad, made in the laft feffiort of parliament, (hall be, and until April 5, the &Vfte affe hereby fbfpended, and (hall be fufpended until the X79°* fifth day of Aprils which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feveh hundred land ninety 3 and that every acf, matter, or thing, direded by the faid ad to be done or performed, or td commence oh any' day or any month, in any year, (hall re-fftediifcly be clone or performed, or commence, on the like day of the fame month on the year next following, unlefs other provifions (hall be made refpeding the faid ad during this present feffion of parliament.

II.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded and de- All perfons dared by the authority aforefaid. That all and every perfon and indemnified fuerfofts who are required to carry the (aid ad into execution, o^fttecUo do jand who (hall have omitted or negleded in any wife to exe- an« thing re-cute, do, or perform, any ad, matter, or thihg, direded Or re- quired by the quireQ to be done or,executed by the faid recited ad, (hall be, recited ad. tmLthty are hereby relpcdiv&ly indemnified frofo and againft

all perfecutions, penalties, and forfeitures to which fuch perfon t>r perfods may be liable, by the faid ad inflided for any ad, matter, ot thing by them, or any of them, negleded or omitted to be done or executed in obedience or in conformity t6 the (aid recited ad.

III.	Provided alfo, and be it enaded, That nothing in this ad This ad not

Contained {hall extend to prevent the pafling, during the prefent to£rev^nt the ftflion of parliament, of any ad or ads whereby this ad, or tht the prefect"* {aid recited ad, may be amended or repealed.	feffion any

ad to repeal

CAP. XIV.	or amend it

An ad for amending an ad of the tWenty-fetenth year of his pre-	rc^tc<*

feat Majeftjr, ^ for rebuilding the chnrch of the_pari(h of Saint a *

Mary Wanftede, alias Wanftcad, in the county of Eficx

Geo. 3. £. 63. redted. Power to raite 5.000b by loan or granting annuities. Power to fell a certain number of the vaults under the church. Rights of the redor faved. Expenccs of this ad to be paid out of money in trulUcs hands. Publick ad.

Rr*	CAP,

Digitized by Google

Preamble.

28 Geo. 3. c. 6. recited.

The King, by

order in council. may ;oi- horrt'c the in' put ting in

0	Qnrh- ,&C.

1	fl >ur,

live Mock, and Inman corn.

Anno viccfioiO;ppno^GEQRGl^IH.,£,	A	!

■ ’	■	•*	'	; v" CAP.' .

Art Tor defraying Hie charge of the

A irt that part of Gwit Bn fain called Euk^uu, »w uuc t^i, the tweaty-ftfth day of March one thou land (Wenhandml aMeraty^ ' , „ nine. .	•	~	'*

. ? L 1 .ri I’ r*" "	1

Sec. i«. No militia man, inrolled prior to Nov. f9 i?X6» ed to join, nnlefs hit regiment called out into aZtual fervice, Sec.*in?>'

No man inrolled only for 3 years, of whom tib attendance rt^ufrcd,lo be intitled to pay or cloathing. Sec. so. If any tegimeat* etc. M' eeafe during this ad, $*. a day i« to be paid to the adfutaal gOdd from fuch time to March aj, 1790.

Y^. -V . : :j£)6 httin J UsJ

A V	'.’in	n brj/cl^.n

m dotfrinj

CAP. XVI.

An aft to enable his Majejly to author ift, in cafe of ntcejfky, the importation of breads flour, Indian corn, and Itve flock, from any of the territories, belonging to the United States of Amenta, into the provinte of Quebec, and all the countries bordering on the ‘‘ gulf of Saint Lawrence, and the ijlands within the faid g*If, mid^ to the coajl of Labrador.	:

WHEREAS by an ail faffed in the twenty-eighth year of $r \ reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled. An a<51 for regelating the trade between the Jubjeds of his Majefty’s colonies V and plantations in North America, and in the Weft India Lflands, and the countries belonging to the United States of America* and between his Majefty’s faid fubje&s and the foreign iflands ra the IVejl Indies; rt is among ft other things enacted. That no goods or commodities whatever JhaU be imported from any of the territories belonging to the United States of America, by fed, or c oaf wife, into the province of Quebec, or into the countries or iflanis within the government thereof, or up the river Saint Lawrence, from thefea^ , under the penalty of the forfeiture thereof, together with tbf jhij or, vejfel importing the fame, and all her guns, furniture, ammumtim, tackle, and apparel: and whereas it may be expedient, far, tbebeUTr 1 fupply of the perfons employed in the fijheries carried on, as well within the faid province, as in all the countries bordering on the gulf of Saint Lawrence, and on the ifiands w\tbin the faid gulf, an&dfp , on the coaft of Labrador, that certain forts of provifion Jbiuid be m-ported into the fame from the territories belonging to the faid tjnhei States, when the neceffttiesj of fueb perfons fbafl fo require be lt ‘ therefore enabled by the King’s moft excellent majrityr ibyttfld* ( with the acjviqe and content of the lords fpirimal and tempera!/ > and commons, in this prefent parHament aficmbded^ nid by the'authority of the fame. That it (hall and may be lawfulfor1^ ’’ his Majefty in council, by order or orders to be iflued and pab- * liflied, from time to time, to authorHe, in cafe of necefity^ d* bringing or importing of bread, flour, Indian corn, and liveftodt* as well into the faid province, as into all the countries bordering on the gulf of Saint Lawrence, and into the iflaods whhm the faid gulf, and alfo to the Coaft of Labrador, for the then ta* fuing fcafon only, from any of the territories belonging to et*r -

faid

Digitized by

Google

7 j Anitb vfcefimor kono^EoKbri <If? c. 17,18.	595

id United States of America^ for the fupply of the perfons m ployed in carrying on the fa id fifhefiesr provided always* provided they Wft^riAd, Bout f Indiancorn, and lwe dock* fo author ** imported °t brought, (hall not be imported *t^hTrfer. rocLgnt* except in conformity to fuch rules* regulations* andbyBritifti rftriftions as (hall be fpecified in fuch order or orders* and ex- fubjeft? In cp9ibf &rtfyt> fubjefts* and in Britijb*built (hips owned by his Britifh (hips;

fubjefts* and navigated according to law* under the^forfeited! rco^Uy of the forfeiture thereof* together with the (hip or vef-?1 importing or bringing the fame* and all her guns* furniture, tncnunition* tackle* and apparel.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid* Forfeitures That all and every the goods or commodities* and all (hips or {j^ommMd-reflels forfeited by this aft* (hall and may be feized by the com- eJ8 Qf ^jps Qf napder or commanders of any of his Majefty’s (hips or veflels war, &o. and A ynr, or any commiffioned, warrant* or petty officer* fpeci- recovered and illy ^utfiorifed by him or them* or by any officer or officers °f f^cftures 11s WUi^fty’s cuftoms; and that every forfeiture and penalty in- rcfpeaing*the :urred by this alt* (hall and may refpeftively be fued for* pro- cuftoms* ccutcd, and recovered, in fuch courts* and by fuch and the like7^ays^‘ means* and methods, and the produce thereof re-pedlively difpofed of and applied in fuch and the like manner, and tp fuch and the like ufes and purpofes* as any forfeiture incufr'ed by any lawcefpefting the revenue of the cuftoms may now be fued for* profecuted or recovered, difpofed of and applied, either in this kingdom* or in any of his Majefty’s dominions in North America, or the Weft Indies, refpeftively, as the cafe may happen to be*

-	CAP.	XVII.

An for repairing certain road» in the county of Perth i and for explaining and amending an aft, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reigtt'of'bra prefent Majefty, (chap 13.) for repairing the highways* bridges*, and ferries* in the county of Perth.

Ml!	1	'

\	^	CAP. XVIII.

An dif fer repealing on all made in the lajl feffion of parliament, intita\ed% .An aft for the better fecuring the rights of perfons qualified to Vote at county eleftions.

WHEREAS an aft was paffed in the twenty-eighth year ^Preamble. Wf ltlbe reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for the *8 Geo. 3. better fcCucing the rights of perfons qualified to vote at county c* recited, eleftions: ana whereas ibe earrying of the /aid aft into effeft would be attended with <r great and continual expence, and be pro duft we of mnj+barijhips and inconveniences to freeholders and others, and the fold aft mtdd prove inadequate to anfwer the purpofes thereof: may it therefore pfeafe your Majeftv that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the adviccitnd confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal*-and commoaVin this prefent parliament aifembled, and by the au-‘	*	thority

Digitized by

Google

S96

and repealed.

Perfons who have omitted to perform any thing required by the recited aft, indemnified. PubJick aft.

Anna vieefimo nono GEorgii III. 0.19-^13. [ijfy

tbority of ihfc fame. That the faitf *& of the tweAty-eighrh . of his feid Majefty’s reign, and every matter, dauie, and tttfc therein contained, (hall be, and the fame ft ahd are hereby iff pealed.	1

II.	Provided always, and it is hereby further ena&d arC declared. That all and every perfon and pcrfons who dull tail omitted or neglected m any wife to execute, do, of pfrforfe 1 any thing dire&ed to be done or required of therti by thefdJ ] recited ad, (hall be, and are hereby refpe&ivefy indenuu&ri for fuch their default or defaults therein.

III.	And be it further ena&ed* That this aft (hall be (toned and taken to. bt a pubiick ad; and (hall be taken notice of a fuch by all perfons whomfoever, without the fame being fpee-ally pleaded.

CAP. Xltfi

An ad for continuing, an ad, made in the twenty-feventh yeareftk reign of his prefent Majefty, (cap. 3$.) intituled. An ad for t&e couragement of the arts of defining and printing rtneuv, cutrto, ctlItCQet„and mrtfiins.by veiling the properties thereof in theddigwn, printers, and proprietors, for a limited time.-Till Ju.j 1,179*

CAP. XX

An ad fdr repairing the roads in the county of Forfar, and forrtgrii!* ing the ftatute labour within tjie fame.

C A P. XXI.

Ad ad fojr altering the powers of an ad, made irt the thlHy-Afrtf par of the reign of his late majefly King George the Second, (chap. 35.) for ereding piers and other works for the fecurity and improvement of the harbour of New Shurrham; in the county of Suflex, tad for keeping the fame in repair.-Old duties to ceafe, and new duties to

CAP. XXII.

An aft to amend and render efieftnal an ad of the thirty-fidl yrtr of King George the Second, (chap. 18.) for draining and preferring certain fen lands and lowgroundsjn the ifle of Ely, and county of Cambridge, between thb Cadi, otherwife Grant, Oufe, and Mfiden-hall nyere, and bounded on the fouth eaft by the hard lands of Ife: ham, Fordham, Sohkm, and Wigken; and for impowering the gow-hot, bailiffs, and commonalty of the cortipahy of dobferotors df the great level of the fens, oalled Bedford JJe4el, to fell certain lands within the faid limits, commonly called Inverted, Lands; and for lav* ing certain rates on veflels navigated upoh tfte# (kid riven, toiua fuppbrtlng the banks thereof.

GAP. XXIII.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers Of feVtVil aft*, priTedin tke eighth and ninth year* of the reign of King WilHam the Third, tai in the hrft, fifth, and feventb years of the reign of King George Ut tirft, and in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late myfcf King George the Second, for Rebuilding, repairing, and amcodiogtAe piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the cotmty of York.

8	8c 9 Gol. 5. c. 19. 1 Geo. 1. c. 49. 5 Geo. x. e.io. 7 Geo. x.e.j^wd a6 Geo, a. c, 10# Former afts further continued for 2$ yean. Tnrkces

IQ

Digitized by Google

89*3 Aritfo vicefimoi ricnt> Georgii IH. c. 44,45.

rau&the hortfi pier to be extended fixtv feet, arid other works t6 be itti i iDepy of accounts of receipts and dilburfements to be lent to tbt oiktf Hod ft at Neweaft<e. Trulfcees empowered to purchafe lanfl, . f6r improving the harbour. Lands and toils liable to comrioute to air of the piers, etc to continue fo. That a certain-annual Cum fhaH paid Vf the’ eftate owners at Bridlington, not lefs tfiafl one pier rate I 4q bw. Truftees may apply for additional rates, if necelfary. The ea *afcertained. Allowing an appeal. No perfon potfeiTed of ad, ite liable to be rated Iball be elected a truftec.

CAP. XXIV.

for rebuilding the market houfe of the town of Llanfylltn, in tKfc rounty of Montgomery, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, ind defraying the rxpence thereof, by file of certain wade lands in :he townflrips of Giob*lch and Bachau, in the faid county.

d market houfe taken down in 1775. One commiffioifor, and 15 lftees. The right of common extinguifhed. Boundaries. 10 be per-ibulated. Wafte lands to be Airveyed. Roads *et out. How the bhek roads, are to be maintained. Allotments to be fet out to the cute of Battlefield, and others. Wafte lands to be fold. Award to be ide in writing. Money arifing by fuch fale to be applied to ere& a arket, for making bridges and drains, for purchafing a burying place, r roads over the watte at Gloowlch andBachau, for irirolling the award, d fencing the allotment for the poor. The old market houfe vetted in uttees. Perfons refufin; to treat, etc. the recomptnce to be afeertain-L by a jury, with the ufual claufes in regard to purchafes. Accounts be kept of monies rec. tved and paid ^ and all contradb and othefr oceedinga entered in books. Lands to be fold riot to be exempted ora tythes. Appeal to the quarter feflion. Reservation of mines, ith liberty of working the faVne, making fatisfa&iori fbr damages. Sav->g manerial rights. General faving of right.

C A P. XXV.

n aft to incorporate certain perfons therein named, and their fucceflbrst* by the name and ftiie of The Northumberland Fifliery Society; and to enable them, when incorporated, to fubferibe a capital ioint ftocfc for more cffe&ualiy fupporung, conducing, and increafing fuch fifhery.

'wenty proprietors. To be a body corporate. Corporation may purchafe inds, to the value of 500I. per ann. Power to raife a capital of 50,000!. ach (hare npt to exceed 150I. and no one proprietor to hkve more than ight (bares, and the Cociety prohibited from borrowing moriey. Capi-d to be divided into (hares of 1501. each. To be deemed perfonai ttate. Subfcribers entitled to the profits, and may vote for one, two,, r three (hares, one vote; for four or five (hares, two votes; for fix or even (hare*, three votes, and for eight (hares, four votes. One (hare o have only one vote. May vote by proxy. Proxies to be proprie-ors. Books to be kept. Subfcribers to pay tbeir (hares of calls on & nonth’s notice; in cafe of non-pavment, to incur a forfeiture of the hares, and alfo iol. percent, on each (hare. On 3 months further notice, ind nota-payment, to pay the further fum of iol. percent, on each (hare* if the non-payment be declared at a general meeting, the (hares to heroine forfeited, and aifo the penalties of iol* percent, and iol. percent* >n each Jhare, to be recovered by action in courts at Weftminftet*; but Ihe proprietors, at a general meeting, may poftpone, mitigate, or remit the fame. In cafe ot death, executors, icc. to pay fubfeription. In default of aflets, the fubfcripMon may be paid by any other proprietor, wbo is to repay all the teftator had paid on his (hares. Subfcribers to difpole of (hares by deed in writing, a duplicate whereof is to be kept by the (Secretary. A governor and four directors to be chofen. Governor

r T and

Digitized by CjOOQ lC

5£$	Anno vkcfimo nono GboRGH III: c. 2 5.

* and directors to be fvrorn. Four genera? quarterly meeting! to >	in every year, t TMr powers to conduct the affrwtrf ibtlodi

fpecial meetings may be appointed. Six weeks notice farthrLitfdWi zette to be annually given to creditors, &c. and the ampupiof< publifhed. Governors and directors fubject to the conjtroul tors. No trartsfer to be made for 3 years. A furtbci^fudi may be raifed by the fociety, if the original him not fuffiefedfc creafe of capital to be made until 3 months notice* this act for 21 years.

C A P. XXVI.	x

An oft to explain and amend an aft, made in the twenty ffib year if the reign of bis prefent Majejly,intituled. An a el for grafting to his Majefty additional duties on hawkers, pedlars, and penj chapmen; and for regulating their trade.

Preamble.

»jGeo. 3. c. 78. recited.

w

and from Aug. x, 1789, repealed, fo far as relates to the duties, and fo far as is not re-enact-cd by this act.

9 & to Gul. 3. c. 17. revived from Aug. 1,1789, fo far as not hereby altered or explained.

From Aug. 1, 1789, the following yearly duties to be paid, viz.

Moft. gracious Sovereign,	*r

Pereas an aft was made in the twenty fifth year reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled. An ad/org^st^ to his Majefty additional duties on hawkers, pedlars, andyptfc chapmen; and for regulating their trade: end wbeum pedient to repeal the duties now charged upon and payable ey kewlefr > pedlars, petty chapmen, and other per font going from town to (Jttffeir to other men's boufes, and to grant other duties in lieu thcruf\ fllfo to explain and amend the aforefaid aft, with refpeft id &e reflations therein contained: therefore, we your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of Great Britain, in Mfji^ ment artembled, humbly pray your Majefty that it may be at* atfted; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent maWty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpimual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afirmbfei and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after tbefira day of Augujl one thoufand feven hundred and eightyniatv d* aforefaid aft, parted in the twenty fifth year of his prefatf^na-jefty King George the Third, intituled. An aft for grant' ' * Majefty additional duties on hawkers, pedlars, and petty«

.and for regulating their trade; fo far a» relates to the fai and fo far as is not re-ena&ed by this a<ft, (lull he, .auditsJ is hereby repealed.	"	,	JT.

II.	And be it enafled by the authority aforefaid, Th*tad made in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his laie^" iL King JVittiam the Third, intituled, An a ft for ticenfiigjf and pedlars, for a further provifion of inter eft for the tr/ww for reducing of Ireland, fhall, from and after the laid Augujl, be revived and put in force, and (hall be executedmtacb and the like manner as before the parting of the

the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty^ wfif as the fame is not hereby altered or explained.

III.	And be it enacted by the authority afore fata, TT^, fa® and after the laid fjrft day of Aygujl, there (hall JtejiW, fwered, and paid, to and far the ufe of his

and fucceflbrs, the rates and duties following; (th^t is.tofaft)

Digitized by

Googk

Hr

> 3, Anno vlceOroo nono Georgii III, c. 26,	599

^ every hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, and every other Every hawk-ngpcflhn and perfons, going from town to town, or to other cr» travelling either on foot, or with horfe, horfes, hfcrtvrfrjto England, iVales, or the town of Berwick upon to fell, or expofing to fale, any goods, wares, djihaodizesj a duty of four pounds for each year: ld:ky every perfon fo travelling with a horfe, afs, or mule, and a like thcr beaft bearing or drawing burthen, the fum of four dut* for each ds yearly, for each beaft he or (he (hall fo travel with, over ^ f’c^c# Lbovc the faid firft- mentioned duty of four pounds.

. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That, from hawker fter the faid firft day of Augufl^ it (hall not be lawful for any auction to :er, pedlar, petty chapman, or any other trading perfon or forfeit jol. ns going from town to town, or to other men’s houfes, and tling either on foot or with horfe or horfes, either by open-room or (hop, and expofing to fale any goods, wares, or tafpdb&es by retail in any town, parifh, or place, (fuch per-tto? feting a houfeholder there, or the fame not being an plfcce of his or her abode, or of his or her carrying on bu-tew by any other means or device, to vend or fell, either nitfelf or herfelf, or by any auctioneer (whether licenfed or tucker, appraifer, agent, fervant, or other perfon, on his T fchalf, any goods, wares, or merchandizes whatfoever, by jk^fcfiodcing down of hammer, candle, lor, parcel, or any ‘‘inode of fale at auction, or whereby the beft or higheft 5r^w? W fhali be deemed to be the purchafer \ and that every tfjtfid perfons fo vending or felling, contrary to fuch prolii-iMt Jaft aforefaid, (hall forfeit and pay, for every offence, pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-nw&tfbned.

, AM be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That, Du*y to be aAd' after the faid firft day of Auguji, every hawker, pedlar, P* tihAfnnan, and other trading perfon or perfons, fo travelling cence. prefeid, (half, at the time of receiving his or her licence as iftfcaf mentioned, and.without any difeount whatfoever, pay ifcfa granted or made payable by or impofed upon him or . efjpe&ively, to the commiflioners for the time being for li-ftg'feawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, or fome perfon or fcr in that behalf authorifed or deputed by them, or the r^iirtef them, in writing under their hands and feals; and r wfnteot thereof, and not otherwifr, a licence (hall be fto to them, fubferibed by the faid commiflioners for the iidag, or any two of them, for him or her to travel and ^ifefcofding to the true intent and meaning of this and the	£'

1 St made in the reign of King William the Third, and ac-ing to /he duties which (hall then be paid upon receiving

d bet it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That before Perfons ap-_ ^ or perfons (ha) 1 receive, or be intitlcd to receive, any plyin& f°r li-of-to .uadi or. travel as aforefaid, every fuch perfon or per-

funs



Digitized by

Google

Form of fuch certificate.

600	Anno victfimo pono Gboroji iH.c.a£. tijfy.

ficate of their fans (haIlproduce.to the cOcnaiilfioner or	<

good cha- deputy or depytie?, ?ppoiot?d /or licenGig	;

r*cter' ptlty chapmen, and other trading perfons a* aforcbAm cate, figoed by fome one clergy/uan officiating wit phapelry, or place, wherein fuch perfon fo applying^* I cence has his ufual refidence, and alfo by two repusMci tants of the faid pan lb, chapelry, or place, attefisatT perfon fo applying is of good chara&er and rep»uaiiofcj fit peffon to be licenfed to exercife the trade of a hi * hr, and .petty chapman.

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority 1 That the certificate fo to be produced as aforefaidf form or to theetfedl following:

WE A. B. the mnifttr, and C. D. andE.F. herigt holders rtfiding at	in	the	per&*\

or otberwife, as the cafe may be),*/	ini'

do hereby certify that G. H. bath beau for the [pate of	years	loft	pa ft, and daring pti

hath ufually rtftded in the faid parijb, {chapelry, or otheri cate may be) of	and	is	a perfon of goodt

reputation, and is a fit perfon to be liccnfcd to exerafe the I hawker 9 pedlar, and petty chapman*	Dated the

5	*jM

A. B. Adi sift sr*^«jll

££}*#'

VIII.	And be it further enabled by the auti Hawkers to That every perfon to whom any fudi licence as a markon their granted, under or by virtue of this a<5t, and whoifcafr £.terafedC* or un°cr colour ot^ luch licence, (h.dl caufe to be Hawker, etc. C(U or printed, in large legible Roman capitals, on penalty of confpicuous part of every pack, box, bag, trunk,

«ol.	waggon,	or	other	vehicle or conveyance, in which i

carry his or her goods, wares, arid merchandizes, room and (hop in which he or (he (ball fo trade, upon every hand bill, or advertifement, which he < give our, diftribute, or publifh, the words Liceafhd t gether with the number, name, or other mark or 1 ftin&ion, fo written or printed upon his or ho- Ik faid; and that every fuch perfon, in any refpedfc 1 herein, (hall forfeit, for every offence, the fumof tm*i TJnlicenfcd IX. And be it further cna&ed by the authority a \ perfons fo # jf ^ any time, from ancj after the faid firft daf df < ^cks,netc.e r P^00 other than to whom fuch licence (halt*' to forfeit iol. granted as aforefaid* (hall write, paint, or print,,: written, painted, or printed, or keep or continue 1 ed, or printed, upon any pack, bag, box, trunk, 1 gon, or other vehicle or conveyance, for any gotd%4 merchandizes, or in any room or (hop ill whkh-te^

o

Digitized by

Google

. Ann© viceGmo nono GeoROii HI. c.	6oi

i > or-expefe to dale, or keep for fale, any goods, wares, or mer-a4atii#»as, the words Ucenfed Hawker, or Luenfed Pedlar, or any LaW word Of words tp that effcft; every perfon offending here-dMpU forfeit, for each offence, the fotn of ten pounds.

And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That Hawkers fell-afoto hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other trading perfon Ln0g0$™^jfe<* s ^ri&refekl, (hall, from and after the (aid firft day of 4uZuft’> *>c to forfeit their ok dealing in, Qr vending or felling any kind of hnug~ licences, etc. ltd) contraband, or prohibited goods, wares, or merchandizes, r dbeaiing in, vending or felling any goods, wares, or mecchan-Wi fraudulently or difhoneftly procured, either by thcmfelves,

>r through the medium qf /Others with their privity and know* edge, every fuch hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or trading perfon, (hall, from and after fuch convi&ion, forfeit his or her icejace, and for ever thereafter be incapable of obtaining or new licence, or dealing, trafficking, or trading under :be lame; and that over and above all fuch forfeitures and incapacities, fines and penalties, to which he or (he is or (hall be by lavr fubje# and liable for fuch illicit and illegal trafficking and dealing.

XL And be it further enafled. That if any fuch hawker, Hawkers pedlar, or petty chapman, or other trading perfon fo travelling trading with* as aforefaid, (hall, from and after the faid firft day of Augufly trade ^Llewcoa-as aforefaid without, or contrary to, or otherwife than as (hall trary thereto, be allowed by fuch licence, fuch perfon fhall, for each and every or refufing to fuch offence, forfeit the fum of ten pounds, to be recovered and produce, or applied as hereafter' mentioned ; and that if any perfon trading their licence, under and by virtue of any licence to him or her granted as to produce, * afopcfoid* upon demand made by any perfon or perfons autho- to forfeit xol» rifod or appointed to demand any fuch licence, by the commif-fioners for licenfing hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen for the time being, or any*two of them, under their hands and feals, and upon producing or (hewing fuch authority or appointment to fuch perfon fo trading as laft aforefaid, or upon demand made by any juftice of tlw peace, mayor, conftable, or other officer of the peace of any county, riding, divifion, town corporate, borough,

OS place, where he or (he mall fo trade, or by any officer of the cuffem* or excife, (hall refufe to produce and (hew his or her li-ewee for fo trading as aforefaid, or (hall not have his or her licence for fo trading as aforefaid ready to produce and fhew unto fecH perfon authorifed or appointed as laft aforefaid, or unto foch juftiocof the peace, mayor, conftable, or other officer of the peace, officer of thexuftoms or excife, that then the perfons fo ttfafiag, or not having his or her licence ready to produce and (hewas aforefaid, (hall forfeit ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after mentioned, and for nonpayment thereof	^

(bsdl.foier as axammon vagrant, and be committed to the houfe corm&ion* '

XlL And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, sfbat if m perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall forge or coun- Perfons forg-Hjfm any ikencasorlicences, tar this a& direfted to be granted, ing licences,

or or travelling

Digitized by

with them, to forfeit tool.

Ferfoni lending licences, or trading with lent licence*, to forint 40I each, and the lender his licence.

Perfons trading without licence, or refuting to produce it, »av be fenced, and carried before a mi* giftrate, etc.

Anno vicefimo nano GsoftCii IIK C.^t6.

or travel with, or produce or (hew, any'fuch forgot or 1 feited licence or licences for any of the purposes afovcfefe^ewiy , fuch perfon (hall, for every fuch offence, forforrhclinn Ofom hundred pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-rittr k directed.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore&id. That in cafe any perfon (hall let oat to hire or lend any Homer to him or her granted as aforefaid, or (hall trade with, or under colour of, any licence granted unto any other period wbatfoever, or of any licence in which hit or her own real name (hail not be inferted as the name of the perfon to whom the fame is granted, the perfon letting out to hire or lending any fuch licence, and the perfon To trading with, or under colour of, any licence granted to any o»her perfon, or any licence in which his or her own real name (hall not be inferred as the name of the perfon to whom the fame is granted, (hall each of them forfeit the (dm of forty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after mea-tioned; and in cafe any perfon (hall be convidted, or have judgement againft him for lending his or her licence to any other perfon or perfons, contrary to this ad, fuch his or her licence (hall be from thenceforth forfeited and void, and he or (he (hall be utterly incapable of having any licence again granted to him or her to trade as aforefaid.

XIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons what-foever to feize and detain any fuch hawker, pedlar, petty chap* man, or other trading perfon as aforefaid, who (hall be found trading without a licence, contrary to this ad, or who, being found trading, (hall refufe or negled to produce to foch perfon or perfons a licence according to this ad, after being required fo to do, for a reafonable time in order to give notice to a cocrib* ble, headborough, tythingman, or other peace officer or officers, who are hereby required to carry foch perfons fo fenced, unlefe they (hall, in the mean time, produce their reJpcdive licences, before feme one of his Majcfty*s juftices of the peace of the county or place where fuch offence or offences Avail be com* mitted, which faid juftice of the peace is hereby atsihorifed bod ftridly required to examine into the fad or fads charged, iffcd upon due proof, either by confeflion of the party offending, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, (which the faid juftice is hereby impowered to adminifter) that the perfon fo brought before him had fo traded as aforefaid, and no (nth licence being produced by fuch offender before the fiud jtiftioe, to convid the offender of trading without a licence; and thereupon it (hall be lawful for fuch juftice, and he is hereby required, by warrant under his hand and feal, to caufe the (aid mill of forty pounds to be forthwith levied by diftreft and (ale of the goods, wares, or merchandizes of fuch offender or offenders, or of the goods with which fuch offender or offenders (haH be found trading as aforefaid, rendering the overplus, if any be, to the owner or owners thereof, after dedudion of the ftafoaabie

charges

.	Digitized by Google

i	t^"T	tht-faicMiftrefs	and	ourof the faiff'fisre'fb

*WMpVllNfti4 •tJp«6ive ^enaltiea and forfmores aforefaid? hfitt in «w&i>»fn*rto commiHuch offender to thr commoh gaol or ^fcM^»*£^rrc&fon of theflcaumy, riding, divilion, city, liberty, town, or place, where the faid offence (hall be committed, there main^mnlihe (aid penalties and forfeitures, and the reafon-charge* of taking the faid diflrefs, (hall be levied by fuch refs and Me as aforefmid; oruntif the fame fhall be otherwife or CatUfied by fech offender.	v

**t,XV\r<Aod be tt further enacted by the authority aforefaid, ^bat if any conftablc, headborough, or tythingman, or othel: 4tfficeror officers of the peace, (hall refufe or negledt, upon due £)ptioe, or on his or their own view, to be aiding and aflifting in execution of this or the faid recited adt, being thereunto re-t tjuired, each and every fuch officer or officers, being thereof con->	upon his confeffion, or by the oath of one or more ere-

rt^W?k witnefs or wirnefles, before any joftice of the peace for the oriplace where the offence (hall be committed, (hall for-each and every fuch offence* the fum of ten pounds, t6 -£9>i*eoHe«ed and applied as hereafter mentioned.

.frft XVL And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

. clTfeatna hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or any other trading perfon or perfons, going from town to town, or to other men's *rhfPUfoi travelling either on foot or with horfeor horfes, or open-Wgitcoom or, (hop, and expofing to fale any goods, wares, or qtPfN'Chamlises# by retail, in any town, parifh, or place, fuch per-not being a houfeholder there, or the fame not being an ufual . rpiace nf bis or her abode, or of hie or her carrying on bufinefs, ? JWJ .vend, (e)l, or expofe to fale, any goods, wares, or merchandises, what (bever, m any city or market town in England, Wales* ^Oftthejown of Berwick upon Tweed, or within the diftance of two apifo* front the middle of the moft central market place of any ., fob city-or market town, by the mod ufual or common roads; -pndui cats Any fuch perfon or perfons (hall vend, fell, or expofe ip (ale, goods, wares, or merchandizes whatsoever, in any ^ky or market town in England, Wales, or the town of Berwick < *Spm1Twetdt<ot within the diftance of two miles from the middle of the wood central market place of any fuch city or marker -town, by~sh*moft central or common road as aforefaid, every - fuch pefjbn foal 1 forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, the fum . sen pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is ^iPfOHowed.'

^;XV|,Li Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no-♦bfopWein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, ’tohioder wny perfon or perfons from felling, or expofing to fale, ^oy*loet:of goods.or merchandizes in any publick mart, mar-• kct^ojvfoir, but that fuch perfon may do therein as they lawfully fhuve done before the making of this adt; any thing before contained to the contrary notwithftanding. v* Xymc Provded always, and be it further enacted, That if <4K|¥<hiwka*, pedlar, or patty chapman, or other trading perfon, .rc-W. XXXVI.	Ss	~	(hall

"603

Peace officer* negle&ing their duty to forfeit xol*

No hawker to

expofe^any goods to fale in a city or market town, or within 1 miles thereof, on penalty of xol.;

Digitized by

Google

except on market or fair days.

Hawkers

vendinggoods

in any city, ficc. contrary

604	Anno	vicefimo	mmoGeorgu	III. c. 26. [17S5.

to this a A, to (hall vend any goods, wares, or merchandizes, in any fuch city, the rk^10 1- lown> or P^ace» contrary to any of the provifions in this ad coo-tie* as unK*- taine^» fuch hawker, pedlar, or petty chapman, or other trading cenfedha*k- perfon, (hall be fubjed and liable to the like penalties as is by ere.	this ad inflided on hawkers, pedlars, or petty chapmen, or

other trading perfons travelling without licence.

Hawkers who XIX. And be it further enaded, That, from and afrer the were licenced faid fir[\ day Qf Auguft, it (hail be lawful for any perfon or per-^any^ufi^1 ^ons w^o, oa	^	was or were duly ltceofed to

nefs where trade as hawkers and pedlars, to fet up, occupy, ufe, or exerrife they are reft- any craft, myftery, or occupation, ufed or occupied within this dent inhabi- realm, in any place where they (hall be refident inhabitants, nc^brol0lht^ a^^0US^ they not l*avc ^ccn brought up in fuch craft, mv-up thereto, ^ery» or occupation feven years as apprentices, and alfotopt dec.	any perfon on work in fuch craft, my.rtery, or occupation, al-

though fuqh perfon (hall not have been apprentice therein as aforeiaid ; any penalty, matter, or thing contained in an ad pafled in the fifth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, jh *8 containing divers orders for artificers, labourerj,fervants of bmfian-dryy and apprentices, to the contrary not with handing; and that if any fuch perfon, or their wives or children, (ball be profecuted for ufing or exercifing any fuch craft, myftery,or occupation, in any city, town, or place, and /ball make it appear that they had fuch licence as aforefaid, they (hall, upon the general iffue pleaded, he found not guilty, in any adion, bill, plaint, information, or indidment for fuch cauie exhibited againft him; and in all cafes where cofts are allowed, fuch perfons, fo acquitted, (hall be intided to and (hall receive double cofb; and that no fuch perfons, their wives or children, during the time they (hall ufe and cxcrcife fuch craft, myftery, or occupation, in any pa-rifh or place, (hall be resnoveablc therefrom to his, her, or their Jaft legal place of fettlement, until fuch perfon or perfons (hall become actually chargeable to fuch parifh or place; any law now in being relative to the fettlement of the poor to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

No wholefale XX. Provided always, and it is hereby enaded, That no J'fh^ odf to Per*on being a wholefale trader in Engli/b bone lace, in woollen, be deemed* -l*nen» filki cotton, or mixed goods, or any of the goods, wares, hawker. or manufadures of Great Britain>and felling the fame by whole-fa!e, (hall be deemed or uken to be a hawker, pedlar, or petty chapman, within the intent and meaning of this or of any other 'ad relative to hawkers, or of any or either of them ; and tharall and every fuch perfon or perfons, his* her, or their children, apprentices, fervants, or agents, felling hy wholefale only,, (hail go from houfe to houle, and from (hop to (hop, to any of their cu-ftomers, who (hall fell again by wholefale or retail, without bring fubjed or liable to any of the penalties or forfeitures contained '	in this or in any of the faid ads, touching hawkers, pedlars, or

petty chapmen; any thing in this or in any of the (aid ads contained to the contrary potwithftanding.

XXI.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded, That no-

e	thing

Digitized by

Google

i 7B9.] Anno vicefimo rtono G*orgii HI. c. 26#	605

thing in this act (hall extend, or be confttued to extend, to pro- Aft not to tobii any perfon or perfons from felling any printed papers, Ji- cxt£n<J *° canted by authority, or any filh, fruit, or victuals; nor to Irin- Scfcrioed^10 *ller the real worker or workers, or maker or makers, of any goods, wares, or manufactures of Great Britain, or his, her, or tfveir children, apprentices, or known agents or fervants, ufually refiding with fuch real workers or makers only, from carrying abroad or expofing to fale, and felling by retail, or otherwise, any of the faid <goods, wares, or manufactures, of his, her, or

•	their'own making, in any mart, market, or fair, and in every city, borough, town corporate, and market town; nor any Tinkers, coopers, glaziers, plumbers, harnefs menders, or other perfons ufuaHy trading in mending kettles, tubs, houfehold goods, or harnefs whatfoever, from going about and carrying Tvith him or them proper materials for mending the fame.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That all pecuniary penal- How penalties ties which (hall be incurred under this aft, of a greater fum than *b<?vc lol\*rc

•	twenty pounds, (hall be recovered, together with cofts of fuit, ^ antTap-^" in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVefiminfter, by aftion plied.

of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, ihall be allowed; and one moiety of every fuch penalty or forfeiture (hall belong to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, and the other moiety thereof to the perfon or perfons who (hall inform or fue foi the fame.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted, That in all cafes where Howpenaltir* the pecuniary penalty by this aft impofed doth not exceed the not exceeding fum of twenty pounds, it (hall be recoverable before one of his r°CCyfrrcd°and Majefty’s juftices of the peace-of the county, riding, (hire, divi- applied, &c. fion, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence (hall be committed, on proof of the offence either by voluntary confef-fion of the party or parties accufed, or by the oath of one or more credible wirnefs or witneffes 5 and one moiety of every fuch Jaft-mentioned penalty (hall belong to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to the informer or informers profecuting for the fame; and in cafe of non-payment, the faid juftice, by warrant under his hand and feal, (hall caufe the fame to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, and the overplus of the money raifed, after dedufting the penalty and the expence of the diftrefs and fale, (hall be rendered to the owner; and (hall alio commit the offender to the prison of fuch county, (hire, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, there to remain until the faid penalties, and the reafonable charges of taking the faid diftrefs, (hall be levied by fuch diftrefs and fale as aforefaid, or until the fame (hall be paid or fatished by fuch offender; and it (hall be lawful for any fuch juftice of the peace by his warrant to caufe fuch offender to be apprehended and brought before him to anfwer to any charge or complaint for any fuch penalty, and to co(r»tnit fuch offender to prifon as aforefaid until the hearing of fuch charge or complaint, unlefs he m (he fhaltafid-do enter into a recognizance before fuch ju-

S s 2	ftice,

Digitized by L^OOQle

6o6

No pcrfon committed to jroal to be detainedmore than three months. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fcf-lions.'

Convtfttrm in the forpa following to be good.

Form of conviction.

Anno viccfimo nono Gborgxi III. c. 2	[1785.

ftice, with two fufficient furetics, in a fufficicnt fum to be ordered by fuch juftice, to appear at the hearing of fuch charge or complaint.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it enadled, That no perfoa committed to any gaol or houfe of correction, for any offence committed againft this adl, (hall be detained in fuch gaol or boufe of correction, for any longer fpace of time than three months.

XXV.	And be it further enadted. That if any peribn or perfons (hall find himfelf, herfelf, or themfelvcs aggrieved by the judgement of any fuch juftice, then he, (he, or they, (hall or may upon entering into a recognizance with two fufficient fureties, to be approved by fuch juftice* to the amount of the value of fuch penalty and forfeiture, together with a fum which In the judgement of fuch juftice (hall be adequate to the amount of the cofts which may be awarded, conditioned to pay the amount of fuch penalties, forfeitures, and cofts as lhall be adjudged, in cafe fuch judgement lhall be affirmed, appeal to the juftices of the peace, at the next general quarter feflions for the county, riding, or place, who are hereby impowered to fummon and examine witnefles upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame, or, at their diferetion, to ftate the fadts fpecially for the determination of his Majefty's court of king's bench there* on; and in cafe the judgement of fuch juftice (hall be affirmed, it (hall be lawful for fuch juftices, or the court of king's bench, to award the perfon or oerfons to pay fuch cofts occalioned by fuch appeal as to them (hall feem meet.

XXVI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That a convidlion in the form or to the cffedl following, mutaiis mutandis, as the cafe (hall happen to be, (hall be good and effedtual to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, without dating the evidence, and without alledging more than the fubftance of the offence, in all cafes wherein any juftice of the peace hath power to convidt by virtue of this prefent adl:

BE it remembered, That on the	day	of

in the year of our Lord	at

in the county of	A.	B.	came	before me, C. D.

cfquirc, one of his Majefty's juftices of the peace for the faid county, refiding near the place where the offence herein-after mentioned was committed, and informed me that E. F. of in the faid county of	(here ftt firth the

for which the information is laid\) whereupon the faid £. F. being duly fummoned to anfwer the (aid charge, appeared before me, [and having heard the charge contained in the (aid information, acknowledged and voluntarily confefled the fadls therein ftated to be true, but in his, (or her) defence alledged, (here fitting forth the fubftance of the defence \) or voluntarily contcflcd the faid charge to be true, or did not make any defence againft the faid charge, whereupon the fame was fully proved on the oath of G. H. a credible witnefs; or faid that be (or ihe) was not guilty of the faid offence> whereupon the fame was fully

proved

Digitized by

Google

1789.] Anno viceGmo nono GsoRGii III. c. 26.	607

proved on the oath of G. H. a credible witnefs, or as the cafe (ball be] or did not appear before me purfuant to the faid fiimmons, but the faid charge was fully proved on the oath of

S.	H. a credible witnefs, [or as cafe Jball be\) and therefore it oianifeftly appearing to me that the (aid E. F. is guilty of the offence charged in the faid information, I do hereby conviCt bim (or her) of the faid offence, and do adjudge that he (or (he) bath forfeited the fum of	(or	his	[or her) licence,

ind the fum of	)	of	lawful	money	of Great Britain,

to be dirtributed as the law directs, according to the form of the datute in fuch cafe made and provided. Given under my hand and feal, the	day	of

XXVII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority afore- Noconvic* (aid. That no conviction upon this aCt (hall be removed or re- tlon te,r moveable, by writ of Cehiorari or otherwife, into his Majefty’s ^y^her ° court of king’s bench, or a*y other court, fave upon an appeal, court fare

as by this aCt is directed.	upon appeal

XXVIII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority afore- asdirwtcdby laid, That every iuftice, before whom any perfon hath already 1 '*a * been convicted of any offence, under or by virtue of any of the hav^reedved ads hereby repealed, and having received for his Majerty's ufc hi* Majefty’s any part or (hare of any penalty levied, inflicted, or paid, un- ftiareof pe-dcror by virtue of fuch conviction, for which he has not already naltic* tinder accounted, (hall, within fix months after the parting of this aCt, ^ets^o^ranf-tranfmit to the commiflioners for licenfing hawkers, pedlars, mjtan ac. and petty chapmen, a fchedule, or fchedules, containing the count thereof names of the perfons fo convicted, the day on which they within fix were convicted, their refpeCtive offences, and the refpeCtive s0£ftcr futns now remaining in the hands of fuch jurtice for his Ma- this alt? jelly's Lfe, which were levied or paid under or by virtue of

fuch convictions, arranged according to the feveral counties, ridings, or places, within which fuch convictions hath been made; and that every juftice, before whom any fuch perfon Jufticesto re-Ihall be convicted of any offence under or by virtue of this ceive his Ma-a£t, (hall take and receive his Majefty’s (hare of the penalty levied or paid under or by virtue ot fuch conviction; and that un ^ ^very fuch jurtice, his executors or adminiftrators, (hall pay, or act. caufe to be paid, all fuch fums of money as (hall be remaining Jufticest;o pay in his or their hands at the time of the palling of this aCt, at monevrecciv-the next general quarter feflions of the peace after the palling of fhcclerkoft0 this aCt, and all fuch fums which he (hall fo take or receive up- the peace, on any conviction Under or by virtue of this aCt as aforefaid, at who is to re-the next general quarter feflions of the peace, after he (hall have ** .to *he fo taken or received the fame, into the hands of the clerk of the pr™for hcenf-peace, or other fuch like officer, for the county, riding, or place |ng hawkers/ within which fuch conviction (hall have been made, who is etc. hereby directed to remit the fame forthwith, without fee or reward, to the faid com mi (Turners for licenfing hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, of to fuch perfon or perfons as the greater fart of them (hall appoint*$ and that every fuch jurtice, bis exe-

S s 3	cutora

Digitized by Google

6o8

Powers of 9 &

io Gul. 3. c. »7, etc. to be in force, -cxcepthereby altered.

WitneflVs refuting to attend *etc. to forfeit iol.

Duties to be paid to the cafhier of the duties on hawkers, etc.

Anno vfeefimo nono GEoxoil HI. c.	9.

cjutors or adminiftfators, ftnril, immediately <m fuch pattnfck made to any clerk of the peace, or other facli officer, rranfmh a like fchedule to the faid commiffioners, or tt> fuch perfoti or perfons as they, or the greater part of them, fhall appoint.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforcfiid. That all and every the powers, authorities, directions, ru!e<f methods, penalties, and forfeitures, exemptions, claufes, matters, and things wnatfoever, which in and by the faid aft, made in the reign of King William the Third, or by any other law now in force relating to or concerning the duties by that aft granted, are provided, fettled, or eftablifhed, (other than fo far as the fame is, are, or (hall be incontinent with, or contradictory or repugnant to any thing in this aft contained, and other than in fuch cafes for which different provifions arc preferibed by this aft,) fhall be exercifed, praftifed, applied, ufed, and put in execution in and for the managing, railing, Je ying, col-lefting, recovering, and paying the feveral duties hereby granted, and be in force, with reft eft to the fame, as fully and effectually to all intents dnd purpofes, as if all and every the laid powers, authorities, directions, rules, methods, penalties, forfeitures, exemptions, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and. again enafted in this prefent aft.

^XXX. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid, That if any perfon or perfons fhall be fummoned as a witnefs or witnefies, to give evidence before any juftice or justices of the peace, touching any of the matters relative to this aft, or to the herein-before mentioned aft, made in the re gn of King William the Third, and fhall negleft or refufe to appear at the time and place to be for that purpofe appointed, without a reafonable excufe for fuch negleft or refulal, to be allowed of by fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, or appearing, fhall refute to be examined upon oath, and give evidence before fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, before whom the profecut:on fhall be depending, that then every fuch perfon fhall icrfeit, for every fuch offence, the fum of ten pounds, to be recovered, levied, and paid, in fuch manner, and by fuch means, as are herein direfted as to the other penalties.

XXXI. And be it further enafted by the authority, aforefsid. That the feveral duties herein-before granted fhall be paid, from time to time, into the hands of the cafhier, for the time being, of the duties on hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, who (hall keep a feparate and diftinft account qf the feveral rates and duties, and pay the fame (the neccffary charges of raifing, paying, and accounting for the fame being deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer, at fuch time, and in fuch manner, as the duties now charged on hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, are direfted to be paid ; and that in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt fhall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid feverxl rates and duties, and paid into the receipt as aforefaid, fh|Jl be eptered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable

*	19

Digitized by Google

1789-) Anno vicefimo nono GboRGII III. c. 27, 28.	609

to hi* Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, upon any account what-focrcr; and the faid money, fo paid into the faid receipt of ex-chequer as aforefaid, (hall be a fund for the payment of the fe-feral annuities, and all other charges and expences as are directed to be paid and payable, purfuant to an a<5t parted in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled.

An aCl for granting annuities to fatisfy certain navy, victualling, and tnmfport bills, and ordnance debentures.

XXXII. And be it farther enaCted, That if any perfon or persons lhall, at any time or times, be fued, molefted, or profe-cuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this adf, or of any claufe, matter, or thing herein contained, fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general General iffue. iffiie, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdict fhaH pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become non-faited, or judgement (hall be recovered againft him or them upon demurrer; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall difcontinue his, her, or their aChon, or be nonproffcd therein, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded to him Treble cofts. or them, againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXVII.

An att for paving, clean fin g, lighting, improving, and regulating the ftreets, lane*, and other publick pafiagea and places, and for repairing .the highways, within the parilh of Saint Clement in the town and port of Hayings, in the county of SufTex; and for removing and preventing nuifances, annoyances, obftruttions, and incroachmeats, within the faid town and port.

Forty-three Commiffioners to be fwom. Officers to account. No cattle to be killed in the ftreets. Rates to be paid by occupiers of lands, hoofes, &c*.according to the poor rates, and not to exceed iaol. per ann. Oafts and deezes for curing fi(h occupied for the fpafon to pay / annual a&fiments, by landlord, owner, or occupier. The owners of houfes let in fcparate apartments liable to pay aflcilraents. Surveyors of the highways to produce their accounts to the commiffioners No highway rate to be lain in future, or (tatute duty called out. Commiffioners may borrow money, not more than 1,500b at intereft, and affign the rates as a fecurity. Intereft money to be paid half-yearly. Poor rates may be is (petted. Allowing an appeal againft rates to quarter feffions.

CAP. XXVIII.

An aft for appropriating the fum of three thoufand pounds, out of the upexhaujitd balance or fur plus ariftng from the forfeited eflates in North Britain, to be applied by the highland fociety of Scotland at Edinburgh to publick ufes in that part of the kingdom•

WHEREAS the highland fociety of Scotland at Edinburgh Preamble.

was incorporated for the purpofes of enquiring into the fate of the highlands and iflands of Scotland, for promoting improvements, by eflablijhing towns and villages, making roads, building bridges, advancing agriculture, extending fineries, and introducing ufefid trades and manufactures in that part of the kingdom: and feas, in terms of their inflitution, the highland fociety has advan-S s 4	ttd

610	Anno	vicefimo	nono	Geo*gii IIL c. e8. [17^

ted confiderable fums of money for the above ufeful purpofes* but jm themfelves unable to carry this beneficial and extcnfivo plan effUluady into execution by the voluntary contribution of tbeir members* mhUh is their only fund: and whereas, by an aft paffed in the twenty-) syrtk »4 Geo. 3. year of the reign of bis prefent Majefly* intituled* An act iq enable c* SI* ' his Majefty to grant to the heirs of the former proprietors* opoft certain terms and conditions, the forfeited eftates in Scoelmd* which were put under the management of a board of iruftccsby • an a<5t paffed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second; and to repeal the faid ad; it was enafttd* That it Jbould be lawful to bis Majejly* bis heirs and fuuejjors* to give* grant* and difpont to the federal per fans therein named* tbeir refpeftive heirs and affigns* the feveral lands and ejlatn therein mentioned* fubjeft to* and chargeable with the fever al principal fums of money thereby made payable or direfted to be paid into the (curt of exchequer in Scotland, with fucb direftions jor the difpoption or application thereof as in the faid aft are contained: and it urns thereby further enafted* That the Jeveral principal fums of money fa thereby made payable, or direfted to be paid into the faid court a/ exchequer* Jbould be forthwith* by order of the faid court* lodged in tin royal bank* or bank <7/* Scotland, or in any of the publick funds* for fucb interef as could be obtained for the fame* till otberways difpojed of* in manner thereinafter direfted* and (after taking notice that the fums to be paid into the faid court of exchequer might happen not to bo exhay fled by the feveral applications in the faid oft Jpecified) it was thereby further enafted* That the balance of money to be paid in Jbould remain under the care of the faid court of exchequer in Scotland, to be lodged in one or other of the Jaid publick batiks or publick fund^jubjeft to the future difpofition of parliament: and whereas the fums of money jo by the faid aft direfted to be paid into the faid court of exchequer in Scotland, have* in purfuance of the faid aft* been paid into the faid court* and all the applications in the faid aft direfted to be made thereo f* have been accordingly made in the manner mentioned in the faid aft: and whereas it will be of great advantage to the highlands of Scotland in particular, and to the kingdom in general* that a fum of money artftng from the furplus or unexhaujled balance of the price of the faid forfeited ejlates Jbould be appropriated to enable the faid highlandfxiety to carry effeftually into execution the laudable purpofes of their infiitu-tion; may it therefore pleafe your Majeftv that it may be enaded; and be it enabled by the King's moit excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirirua! and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affemblcd, Barons of the and by the authority of the fame. That it thall and may be law-exchequer to fuj t0 an<j for tfoc jorj chief baron, and remanent barons of his the highland° Majefty’s court of exchequer in Scotland* or any three of them fucicty. for the time	and	they	are	hereby	dire&ed and required,

by and out of the unexhaufted balance or furplus of the monies fo directed by the faid ad, paffed in the twenty-fourth year of fiis prefent Majefty’s reign, to be paid into the faid court, by th$ feveral perfons therein named, over and above what (hall fatisfy and difeharge the purpofes and appropriations by the faief id,

or

. Anno viccfimo nono Gkorgh III. c.29, 30.

any other aft fpecjally dirked, and before payment of aoy n or films of money that may hereafter be direfted to be paid J*t other purpofes, by any other a<ft that may hereafter be IM, to pay, or caofe to be paid to the faid highland fociety Sudani at Edinburgh, or to fuch perfon or perfons as the faid fety (ball legally appoint and empower to receive the fame,

' |MMioting the laudable purpofes of their inftitution before sniioaed, the fum of three thoufand pounds, of good and vful money of Gnat Britain, free of all deductions whatfo-ar; and the receipt or receipts of the faid highland fociety of *bmd at Edinburgh, or of the perfon or perfons fo by them to appointed, for the faid fum of three thoufand pounds, or for y part thereof, (hall be a fufficient voucher to the faid barons the fum or Aims of money thereby acknowledged to be re-vad, and (hall be taken as evidence of their having i/Tued and peftded fo much of the money paid into court in purfuance of 9 hid aft; and for that purpofe the faid barons, or any three them, (hall, from time to time, iffue their warrant or warns to the bank or banks, or to any perfon or perfons, in whofe ods the faid money now is, or hereafter may happen to be feed or depofited j and the (aid highland fociety of Scotland at inivrgb is hereby direfted and required, when the faid fum of rte thoufand pounds, or any part thereof, is iflued and paid as fftfaid, to lend out the fame on proper fecurity, and to apply e annual produce thereof to the ufes and intents and purpofes their inftitution.

U; And be it further enafted, That this aft (hall be deemed Publick act d taken to be a publick aft; and all judges, juftices, and her perfons, (hall take notice thereof as fuch, without fpecially siding the fame.

C A P. XXIX.

1 aft for providing a workhoufe for the ufe of the parifh of High worth, id the county of Wilts; and for appointing an additional overfeer for the better government of the poor of the faid parifh.

irenty-three truftecs, befides the prebendary and vicar of Highwqrtb, • churchwardens, chapelwardens and oveHecrs for the time being, d Eliot and Mr. Hufley, Rewards or agents, who may raife i,6ool.^>y ndi of 50I. each, charged on the poor rates. The matter of the xkhoufe to have ad. in the (hilling out of the earnings of the poor. *e additional overfeer to have iool. per ami. (alary; to continue in lee till 1790, and then to be chofen annually, and the whole manage* sat of the poor veiled in him, and the churchwardens and overfeers t to intermeddle, fave one of them as treafurer; but the additional nicer may be difmi(Ted for mifbehaviour, dec. InhabitanU may be wit-fles.

CAP. XXX.

11$ to amend and enlarge the powers of an aft, pa fled in the Jaft fSeffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for repairing the church of the parifh of Saint Paul Covent Garden, in the county of Middlefex; for repairing and improving the gates and avenues leading to the (aid church; and for removing the prefent watch-houfc, and providing Soother for the ufc of the laid parilb.

Covent

Digitized by

Google

6i2 , Anno vicefimo nono Georgii HI. c. 3*, 3*. [17I9.

Cdvent Garden church made parochial, is Car. s. c. jy. Geo 3, c. 8j. recited, whereby the rent of the pewa and rates of 6d. is tfe pound per ann. according to the poor's rate. The trufteestoraife 6ood by annuities payable half yearly/ A further fum to be raifed b* ansa, ties of 4000I. (btfides the 6000I. already direfted.Y Rates may he is Created, but not fo as to exceed 6d. in the pound. Provifion* of foraa aft ektcftded to this. For preventing nutfances io the church ywd Inhabitants deemed witrtefle*. Vaults not to be made under pews, vn tny where elfe in the church without being arched. To pay the ci-pences of this aft out of the firft money raifed.

CAP. XXXI.

An aft for rebuilding the pariffi church of Stint Chad, in the town of Shrew (bury and county of Salop; and for providing a new cemetry or burial ground, and making convenient avenues and pafTages to the church and cemetry.

The roins of the old Church to be taken down, and may be fold, but !b< materials of the chancel referred to the lay impropriator, who is to remove the fame. The feite of the old church to remain as coofecrated ground, "and the new church to be compleated in 5 years. The old church yard to remain as fuch, and foot ways to be fet out acroft tse fame. The right of the vicar, and the right of presentation preferad. Pews Slotted to the mayor and corporation of Shrewibury, the vicsr,

- and parifh officers, and all other pews to be fold or let, but no uodoe preference prrmitted. Monuments to be taken down at the expence oi proprietor*, but mural ones to be placed in the new church, and no burials to be within the fame. The rents of the property belonging to the church, and rates for funerals, and pew money, to be applied to the par-pofes of this aft, and the deficiency qf the fund to be made up by rates of is. per pound for the firft year, and is. 6d. per ann. after, according to the poor’s rate, and appeals allowed to be made by the occupiers of houies, icc. (not Quakers) and tenants to pay the fame, who not baring a leafe for above zi years, or 1 or more lives, may deduft the fame out of their rent, but payment of rates not to intitle the party to a fettle-ment in the parilh; and in cafe of lofs by infolvency, dec. a new rate may be made to anfwer the fame. Churchwardens and overfeers to account with the trnftees, and pay them the balance. Power to raife icvxol. by mortgage of pews and the rates. The fecurities to be paid off by lot. Divine fervice to be performed in the churches of St. Mary, St. Alkmond, Julian, and Holy Crofe, Shrewibury, till the new church is compleated. After that the tythes and lay impropriators and their tenants, to be difeharged from repairs, (except of the chancel) and ail ccclefialticftl rights faved. Ground may be purchafed for alrafhoufes. Fifty-one truftees with fuch powers, and as uluai in afts of this nature. ExXenfion of certain powers of thi6 aft. Publick aft.

CAP. XXXII.

At) aft for embanking and draining certain fens and low lands in the pari ihes of Nofton and Potterhan worth, in the county of Lincoln; and in the parifh of Branfton, in the county of the city of Lincoln.

The fens in Nofton and Potterhanworth, 5,Mo acres bounded by t\r river Withara, &c. The mafter and governors of the bofoital of Jefus Cbrift, in the city of Lincoln, Anthony Peacock and John Brown, efqrs: See, are the owners. The honourable George Hobart, efq; patron of the vicarage of Nofton, and the King patron of the reftory of Potter-han worth, and the rev. Peregrine Harrifon Curtois clerk, patron of the rectory of Branfton, and alfo vicar of Nofton, and reftor of Fotterban-worth and Branfton. Two commiffionerg, and if they difagree a third may be chofen. A furvey to be taken and roads fet out. Lommiffioo-efs may avoid leafes for more than one year, and to direft the coarfe of ,-hufbandry under leafes, and have power to make exchanges, and to embank

Digitized by Google

7^9-1 Anno tfcflinio rtdhd Gfeo'RGfi III. c. 33.

4hd dtain the faid land and make bridges, but not to obftruct the ref Btanftdfl fen, hor ereft banks within » furlongs of Witham, krt. fftay make 9 ftanch in the lower bank of Car dike, and change the Dtsrffe of Ndcton dike drain, and fay a tunnel through the bank of Brap-lOttw and may purchafe lands, dec; and agreements to be filed with the let's of the peace. Upon fetisfaftion made, the commilfionefs may pro-eei in the Works, and the engines are vefted in them, and they may let be herbage of the banks. The banks fubjeft to Withanh acre tax, but 1 of to be charged whiitt they are overflown. If proprietors of drains eglefl to deanfe them, or to repair the road fide, after 14 days notice rom the manager of the works, he may repair the tame, and the predictor to pay the expence, or may be diftramed for the feme. Charges ►f drainage, dec. to be paid by an acre tax of 50s. per acre, in all with ntcrcft till paid. Lands without embankment exempt from taxes. Guardians, 8cc. of feme coverts, minors, lunaticks, or perfons be-ond fca, or incapable to aft for themfelves, tenants in tail or for life >niy (except the vicar of Nocton, and reftors of Potterhanworth and draofton,) by confent of the commifiioners, may borrow any fums not ibove 50s. per acre, for defraying charges, &c. Tenants in tail, See. nay charge money advanced by them with intereft at 5 per cent, from :heir deaths. All fuch charges (hall be valid. Commifiioners to make vn award, to be inrolled by the derk of the peace. Commifiioners cm-xjwered to borrow money for embanking, not exceeding io,oool. and may aflign over the rates and taxes to pay the fame with intereft, and to at charged on the lands, &c. Additional taxes may be railed for drainage by content of proprietors, on notice in church, but not above ios. per acre. Commifii oners may borrow money upon credit oft fuch additional taxes, but not above three fourth parts of the further rates. Contracts to be entered into on notice. • Money may be borrowed by com-imflioners, with confent of at leaft 3 proprietors, if above the io,cool. Perfons deftroyip£ works guilty of felony. Powers of commifiioners to ceafe upon eleftion of truftees. Commifiioners may levy all taxes laid by them before t heir power ceafes. Truftees to be chofen for fupporting works. Annual taxes not to exceed is. per acre. A further annual tax may be railed by confent of proprietors, not more than 6d. per acre. Power to diltrain for taxes. Commifiioners to account. Requiring the truftees to account. Appeal to the feflions. Power to appoint officers by commiffioners and truftees or a truftees. To prevent erefting mills and buildings, 8cz. near engines. This aft not to prejudice the works of the Withani.

CAP. XXXIIL

An aft for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money, ,to be raifed

by a lottery.

771,5621. ios. to be raifed by a lottery, confifting of 50,000 tickets, at 15I. yd. 1-1 each. All perfons who have made depolits, purfuantto the refoiution of the houfe of commons, are required to pay the remainder of their fuhfcriptions at certain times fpecified, viz. depofit xl. 8s- yd. !*i,—14 July, i7*9» *1.—4 Sept. a!.<— 13 Oft. 3I.—10 Nov. al. —18 Dec. al. ios. — 15 Jan. 1790,2!. ios. Contributors of every 15I. 8s. 7d. i*a to have a lottery ticket, and prompt payment 3 per cent, dif-enunt^ 500,000!. the amount of the prizes, to be paid out of any fup-plies granted this fefiion. The number and value of the fortunate tickets, 1 of 15,0001. — 1 of 20,000!. — 1 of io,oool.— 3 of 5,oool. — 5 of

i,oool.	— 15 of i^ool. — 30 of 500I. —100 of iool. — 150 of 50I. —5,000 of 15I. —10,775 of 10I. x.oool to the firft drawn ticket; i,oool. to the laft draw.n. Lottery to begin drawing on Feb. 16, 1790. Dif-pures to be adjufted by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets, 8cc. felony and death, and may be committed to Newgate or any other gaol. Offenders (not in prifon) di(covering perfons guilty, to receive a pafdon, and 50I. reward. Provifo. No attainder to work corruption of blood, loft of dower, or dUherifon of heirs. Ma-

Digitized by

6?4 Anno viceGmo nono GeoroiiIII. c. 34—37.

nayers to be fworn. Cafhier to receive the fams fuWcribed before** ceiving the lottery book: giving a note for the lame; which haDo-tide the bearer to a ticket for every 15!. 8a. yd. *q. paid. After/ah %4,1789, the cafhier may deliver tickets not exceeding in value half a the fum actually fubfcribed; and (hall give receipts for the refidtie 4 fuch funas, after deducing the value of the tickets fo delivered. Contributors, not making good their payments within the time* boasted, forfeit their depofits, and the tickets to be returned to the manager*, kz. Commiflioners of the treafury may reward the managers, dec. as they fhall think fit. The 500,0001. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, " to be charged on any fupplies granted thin feftion; and (hall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, on June 5, 1790, etc. Ma- , nagers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets tor certificate*. Certificates to be numbered, etc. and figned, etc. CommifSoam of the treafury impowered to defray the incidental expences attending tbe execution of this alt. No fee to be taken for receiving or paying coo mention monies, or for any receipts, etc. on penalty of aol. No tickets to oe divided into any other ihares than halves, quarters, eighths, and fifteenths, on penalty of 50I. Perfons counterfeiting Ihares, etc* guilty of felony, and to fuffer death. General iflue. Treble co&s.

CAP. XXXIV.

An aft for railing a certain fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the fcrvice of the year one thoufend feven hundred and eigb 17- nine.

3,500,0001.	raifed by exchequer bills, iflued Jan. 5,1790. *• by the mak act, not to be received again, or exchanged before April 6, 1700; to be paid out of tbe next fupplies. Deficiency charged on the conuHidatory turnl, to be replaced out of the tirft fupplies.

CAP. XXXV.

An aft for raifmg a further fum of money by loans or exchequer befls, for the fervice of the year one thoufaod (even hundred and eighty- nine.

Commiflioners of the treafury may raife s,poo,oool. by loans and exchequer bills, before Jan. 5,1790, as by the malt a$ of this feffion, and the former act, out of the fupplies, and charged on the consolidated fund.

CAP. XXXVI.

An aft for allowing further time for inrollmcnt of deeds and wills made by Papifts, and for relief of Prote&ant purphafers. — Time enlarged to Sept. *9, 1789.

CAP. XXXVII.

' An aft for railing a certain fum of money by way of annuities.

187,000!. to be raifed by annuities. Every contributor of iool. to be entitled to an annuity of 7I. 98. od. for 18 years 3 quarters, from April 5, 1789, payable out of the conlolidated fund half-yearly. Contributor! who have made depofits of 10 per cent, at the bank may pay the remainder of their fubferiptions in the manner herein fpecified. By si Aug. 1789, per cent. 15I. — *5 Sept. 15I. — 30 Oft. 15I. — *7 Nov. 15I —44 Dec. 15I.-—19 Jan. 1790. 15I. Contributors to be allowed difemmt of 3 per cent, for fubferiptions paid in advance. Annuities of 7I. 91. 9d. per ann. to be payable half yearly; the firft payment to be on Oft. xo, 1789. Annuities payable and transferable at the bank. Cafliierto give receipts for money received, which (hall be aflignable prior to Sept. 19, 1789. Treafury may apply the money fubfcribed. A book to be provided in the accountant-general’s office for entering contributors names, etc. Contributors duly paying their fubferiptions, to be entitled to their annuities free of all taxes. Subscriptions paid in part, and opt

coni-

v

Digitized by Google '

1,789.] Anno viceGmo nono Georg 11 III. c. 38, 39.

completed, to be forfeited. As footi as fubfcriptions are completed, they mar be afiigned. Annuities to be payable out of the confolidated fund- The bank to appoint a cafhier and accountant-general. Treafury to wider money for payment of annuities, to be iflued to chief cafhier; Who ia to render accounts according to the courfe of the exchequer. Accountant-general to examine the chief cafhier's vouchers. Annuities to .be deemed perfonal edates. Accountant-general to keep books for regfftering transfer of fubfcriptions. Annuities granted by this act to be a joint dock with the annuities granted by two acts of the 18th Oeo. 3. c. at. and 19th Geo. 3. c. 18. Annuities may be devifed. No damp duties to be charged on transfers. Treafury to defray out of contributions the incidental cxpences attending the execution of this act. The bank to continue a corporation till annuities hereby granted Jhali ceafe. Guardians may fnbfcribe for infants. No fee to be taken for receiving contributions, or paying or transferring annuities, on penalty of aol.; nor for any receipts concerning fubfcription monies. An account of fuma received bv instalments, on account of fecret fervice money, or for in-tereft, to be laid annually before parliament. General ifluc. Treble eofts.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for opening a new dreet from Fleet Street to Temple Street, in tbc city of London, and alfo a publick paflage from fucb new dreet towards Water Lane; and for dopping up or altering certain courts, allevs, of paftages, and fetting out others near to or communicating with fuch pew dreet and paflage✓

Twentyelght truftees appointed to hold meetings. Truftees to open the new dreet and paflage; from Fleetdreet, at James Hamner’s houfe, in a direct line, not above 17 yards wide, to communicate with Temple Street, at White Friars new wharf, the property of the Ear) of Radnor, and the paflage to be 7 yards wide, and to communicate with George Yard * -which leads into Water Lane, in a line parallel with Temple Street; and to take down buildings and ufe land belonging to Lord Radnor, and contract for purchafe of buildings and land of other perfgm. Corporations; etc. enabled to fell buildings and land for the purpofes of thii act, with the ufual claufcs in regard to purchafes. Where part only of the (bite of any building is wanted, the whole may be purchased. No property to be taken without confent of owner, unlefs notice be given before 31 Dec. 1790. The truftees, or lord mayor and aldermen of London, may fet up pofts at the end of Temple Lane, and Lombard Street, and alfo at the end of Eflex Street and Silver Street; fo as to prevent the paflage of carriages, and make them commodious for foot paf-fengers; with confent in writing of owners of houfes, to be kept amongft he records of the city. Eflex Court, Great and Little Aflien Tree Court, 6 be fl°PP*d up as publick paflages, and new ones to be opened and refted in the Earl of Radnor, by direction of the truftees in writing, to >e kept amongft the records of the city, as aforefa’d. Perfona aggrieved nay appeal to the quarter feflims. Limitation of actions. General ffue. Treble cofts. Publick act.

C A P. XXXIX.

An to explain, amend, and render more effectual fevcral a£ls made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for improving the navigation of the river Loyne, otherwife called Lunc, and for building a quay or wharf near the town of Lancafter in the coaiitty palatiae of Lancafter; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

4 Geo. 1. c. l». & xi Geo. 3. for improving the navigation of the river -oytie, etc. recited. Commiflioners have borrowed 6,00c!, and expend-<2 the fame. Money borrowed infuflicicnt to complete the works, a

further

t	Digitized by Google

, 6*5

(

Anno vicefimo none Georg 11 III. c.40. [1789*1

further fom has been appropriated to building the pier or roo*e,aA making the wet dock at Glafiori, and other improvements; 1,560! an hath been expended, and other Turns are fkill necefiary, and fighthokn are to be erected. Prcfent rates infofccient. Former acts (excrjLw where akeredby this} to continue in force. Additional tonnage dnbsl on all (hips, veffels, barks or lighters, coming into or going oat of tfcl faid river Loyne, between Lancaftrr Old Bridge, and the Perch at Cocken Sand Abby, (except the King’s (hips, or thofe driven m by ftvHs i 1 weather, and not lading or unlading within the faid part, or lata I with coal or other fuel only.) be Tides the former rate*; to pay acconfag 1 to the fchedule to this act, viz. For (hips to or from any place in Europe. I within the Streigbts, or Mediterranean fea, Africa, America, or Grees I land, per ton, 6d. Trading to any foreign place rn £«rope (esetft Ireland, Ifle of Man, and the Streights, or Mediterranean fea,) per to, I 4d. Trading to any place in Great Britain, fouth of Holyhead, sad north of the Mull of Galway, per ton, jd. Trading to Ireland or the Ifle of Man, per ton, ad. Trading to any place north of Holy-head, and fouth of Mull of Galway, per tpn, vd. And coming nits Loyne in ballad, and not lading nr unlading in the port, toptyoee-fourth of the faid rates. Duties to be collected by the fame periaai, and witn the fame powers, as duties payable by former act. Doties may be affigned for monies borrowed. Rate* and duties to be £rt applied in paying off 1,5001. to be borrowed under this adf, and the re-tereft. When the faid 1,5001. is paid with all intereft, and the former debt reduced to 4000I. then the duties by this act to ceafe. Ugte-houfea to be erected in fuch part of Lancafter Bay as the cocsfnifiioBen (hall think proper. Light duties eftabiifhrd for all (hips navigatingw Dancafter Bay, by or between the fouth end of Walney Ifland, and de north weft part of Roflal Point, » hereon a landmark it now erected, or into or out of the river Duddon, or (hall load or unload in any port, etc. in the Bay of Lancafter, (except the King'* (hips, and thofe ioaden vrtft coals or fuel only, and thofe trading in the port of Lancafter, and hare paid the duties there,) to pay 3d. per ton once in every year, and (hips driven in by ftrefs of weather, and not loading or unloading to pay id. per ton. For recovering the light duties, no ihip to be cleared out ba thofe duties are paid. Penalties on evading the light duties, 5I. be&dti duties and double cods, to be recovered by action. If lighthodiei sic difeontinued the duties to ceafe. Application of the lightdutie* direct* cd, to fuftain the lights. Lights to be kept up constantly from fos-fetting to fun-rifing. Clerks, collectors, and other officers, to he appointed. Books of accounts to be kept. Mooring and baUaftiog of (hips regulated by the dockmaftcr, and alfo (hip* in the dock. Sails oS vcflels to be taken down before they enter the dock gates. Port o! l»* cafter to be clean fed and fcoured, and the entrance from the fea kept clear and open. Quay, wharf, mole, and land mark, vefted in the truf tees under the act 13 Geo. 1. Perfons deftroying the works guilty of felony, and liable to tranfportation. Perfons damaging (hips, etc. to for feit 5I. Commifiioners may make bye-laws, but not to be in force 1$ directed to be carried into execution by the court of quarter feflions of the county. Fier at Glafion deemed a legal quay. Rights of the corporation of Lancafter preferred. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered and applied as by 13 Geo. 1. Fines, etc. tnay be recovered before the mavor and jufliecs of Lancafter, or before juftices for the county of Lancalfer. Limitation of actions. Act to be conftrued beneficial, y%r the works, and deemed publick.

CAP. XL.

An act to indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify themfclwi for offices and employments; and to indemnify juftices ofthepesce, or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualificatioes within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thofe purpofes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whole adxniffion*h*ve been omitted to he

damped

9*3 Anno vicefimo nono Georgti III. c. 41.

ttaamped according to law, or, having been damped, have been loft qr ill lid, and for allowing them time to provide admiffions duly (lamp-w t° give further time to fuch perfons at have omitted to make and “ affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and fitors, or to pay the duties on the indentures and contracts of apprentices, or fervants; and for indemnifying deputy lieute-ts and officers of the militia, who have neglected to tranfmit de-itioos of their qualifications to the derk9 of the peace within the limited by law| and for giving further time for that purpofe.

Aliens who have omitted to qualify tbemfclves agreeable to act i Geo.

• ft. a* c. 13. fee Oaths. Act 13 Car. a. ft. 1. c. 1. fee Corporations. ic% as Car. 1. c. 2. fee Service and Sacraments. Act 30 Car. 2. ft. a.

. X«. f. 6. fee Papifts. Act 8. Geo. 1. c. 6. fee Quakers. Act 9 Geo. 1. .

a 6- fee Oaths. Act 18 Geo. a. c ». fee Juft ices or the peace. Act6Gco.

.. c* S3- fee Oaths, before the patting of this act; and who (hall, on or *fQre Dec. 45,1789, qualify themfelves, thill be indemnified againft fbr-dtures, but not to indemnify perfons for any penalty incurred by neg-ccting to qualify himfelf, nor to exempt juftices acting without legal raalincation. Perfons producing appointments and admittions before free. 35, 1789, (hall be confirmed, and qualified to act as clerk, officer,

>r member of corporations, or boroughs, may enjoy all offices into which bey have been elected; and (hall be indemnified from all penalties and iamages incurred by reafon of omiffions. Not to extend to reftore persons to any office avoided by judgement. Perfons who (hall caufe affi- • davits to be filed before Michaelmas term, £789, are indemnified and iifeharged from penalties. Perfons who fhall, before Dec. 15, 1789, pay double duties, may have indentures ftampt, for which the duties have been omitted to be paid, which indentures (hall be valid; and the perfous who have incurred any penalty (hall be acquitted thereof, except where profecutions are depending. Notice of this claufe to be pub-limed in the Gazette. 26 Geo. 3.C. 107. recited. Deputy lieutenants, etc. who (hall, before Sept. 1,1789, deliver in the qualifications required by the recited act, (hall be indemnified. Perfons profecuted, and hereby meant to be indemnified, may plead the general ittue.

CAP. XLI.

An act for raifing a certain fum of money, by way 6f annuities, to be attended with the benefit of fui vivor/hip, in clattes.

1,ooi.yool. to be raifed by annuities, with the benefit of fiirvivorfhip. Contributors to be at liberty, till Oct. 10, 1790, to name a life for every iool. 53. which will entitle to an annuity, with furvivorffiip, in clattes. Five particular clattes, ift. Perfons under 20 years old at the time of nomination, to have 4I. 3s. 2nd. Above ao and under 30, 4b 58. 6d. 3d. Above 30 and under 40, 4I. 8s. 6d. 4th. Above 40 and under 50, 4I. 133 6d. 5th. Above 50 and under 60, 5I. is. 6d*. Annuities to be paid half-yearly; the firft payment on April 5, 1791. Annuities falling in by death to be divided among the furvivors in the clafs, till the annuity for one (hare (hall amount to 1000I. per ann. Contributors who have made depofits, to complete their fubferiptions at the times mentioned. At the time of fuhfcribing, iol. 5s. —11 Aug. 1789, 15I.— 15 Sept. 15*. — 30 Oft. ijl,—17 Nov. 15I.—i4Dee. 15I. —19 Jan. 1790, 15I. Calhier to give receipts for fubferiptions, which (hall be affign-able till Jan. 19,1790. Cafhier to give fecurity, etc. Treafury to reward all perfons employed in the execution of this act. Treafury may apply the money fubferibed towards the fervices voted for the prefent year. Contributors to be allowed intereft on fubferiptions, at the rate of 4\. pey cent, till Oft. io, 1790, and to be allowed intereft for fnbfcrip-tions paid in advance. Subfcripfions paid in part, and not completed, to be forfeited. After fubferiptions are completed, certificates to be granted, oh application, prior to Get. 10, 1790, to the calhier, which (hall' be affignable. Counterpart' of cheques ef certificates to be tranfmitted

to

€17

Digitized by L.OOQle

6t8

Anno viccfimo nono GtoROll HI. G. 41.

to the auditor of the exchequer. Contributor* to deliver certi: the auditor by Oct. 10, 1790, to be exchanged for order*, a».d on back of the certificates to deferibe the nominees, on pr n a < t v '.r rorfr/ t of fubferiptions. Perfons may be admitted to fubferibe* u the room fuch as have forfeited part of their fubferiptioru by not having co-pleted them. Annuities of contributors who have p?.rd their to!) A' icriptions, but (hall not have named their nominee j by Oct. io, : to be divided among the annuitants of the clafo. To which fcch for feited annuities (hall belong, to be determined by drawing lot*. O tributore delivering certificates to the auditor, and appoint nominee*, t be entitled to intereft, from July 5, 1789,'to Oct. 10, 1700- Any pnifci may be a contributor for as many certificates as he (hall thmk pr.^rr Oraers arc to be made out for'the payment of annuities feparatirlr,» contain the name, furuame, additions, and places of abode, of ffce c ' tributorsor proprietors, and their nominees, and the reputed paren* fuch nominees, and the true ages and other apt cleicriptions of luc nominees, and the particular clafs in which placed, and the annuity whereto intitlcd, and to be entered with the auditor, and clerk of pells. The order to be effectual, and not determiued by the death o removal of any commiflioner of the treafury. The names of nominee' may be changed till Oct. 10,1790. Guardians may fubferibe for in (ants None but refident natives of Great Britain to be nominees of nanver Affidavit to be made of the age, etc. of the nominee, if upwards of : years, upon delivery of certificates to the auditor; which affidavit? znd certificates arc to be filed by the auditor, as bis warrant for making ou: orders for annuities: or copies of the regifter of the birth of the near nee, certified by the miniftcr and churchwardens and overfeers, or twj j other principal inhabitants, aforefaid, by two credible witnefies, on oath of one, to be produced as a warrant to the auditor for the like purpcit. No fee or (tamp duty to be paid for regifters, oaths, or certificate*, in Great Britain. Regulation! reflecting the certificates of nominee# re-fnlent in foreign parts. A certificate to be produced to the auditor, containing the name, furname, addition, and place of abode of the nominee, and the age, and other descriptions to alcertain fuch nominee, under the hand of the governor or deputy governor of the fettlemeut, where fuch nominee lives at the time; and if refident in any kingdom in Europe, under the dominion of any prince in amity with hi* Mucky, then fuch contributors or their agents to produce luch certificate under the hand of the Britifh miniftcr, refident in the place where fuch nominee lives; or if fuch nominee lives in any other part beyond the feat, where no Britifh governor or miniftcr (ball be refident, fuch contributors to annex to every certificate an affidavit or affirmation, made before a tnron of the exchequer at Weftminftcr, of the truth ot fuch certificate, which being filed, to be a fufficient warrant to make out the order, ar j delivering the fame to fuch contributor, and no fee or (tamp duty for the fame. Perfons guilty of perjury to be tranfported. If certificates are delivered to the auditor with fa!f« indorfemtnts of the age of nominees, fubferiptions to be forfeited. Orders for annuities to be made out in five clafies, as before-mentioned. Nominee* of the age of to,or upwards, may be placed in the firft clafs. Annuities falling in by death to be divided among the furvivors in the dafs till each receives jcocl. per (hare. Books to be kept in the offices of the auditor and clerk of the pells, for entering the names of annuitants. Money Jog payment nt annuities to be applied out of the consolidated fund. Annuitiesany be affigned. Certificates of the minifter and churchwardens, of the life of nominees refident in Great Britain, or oath of the fact, to be produced j on application for annuities. > No fee or (lamp-duty to be paid for fuch certificates or oaths, which arc to be filed by the auditor. Certificate* 1 of the lives of nominees refident in Ireland, or foreign parts, are jo fee Touched under the hand of a baron of the exchequer there, Upoa proof I to him on oath, in a fummary way, of the nominee’s being tmqgfind if the nominee be refident beyond the feas in the King’s^dqg\q^ns^ by

certificate from the governor of the fettlcment, 0/ jujT

Digitized by Google

[ 7&9O Anno vicefimo nono Georgii III. c. 42, 43.

MMMlian be living at the time when each half-yearly annuity Mltfccof five; and in cafe of refidence in any part of Europe in amity MfiHWd! to produce a certificate under the hand of the Britith mini* MMft She manner, and no fee to be taken; and if refident where no iHt^fovernor or minifter, a certificate under the hand of the chief fiUlfthtt llteft, in like manner. Every perfon producing a certificate blrfMtym^nt of an annuity, to annex thereto an affidavit, made before a idran of the exchequer. Nominees applying for annuities, may be re-[flhtd to prove their identity upon oath. Certificates, etc. to be filed nr the auditor, for which no fee fhall be taken or ftamp duty paid. HMbfts receiving annuities after the death of nominees, to forfeit the Mte; Md cool. Contributors to certify the deaths of nominees to the radltor; wftbih a month after knowing of fuch deaths, etc. on penalty etc. Annuities to be free from taxes, and deemed perfonal eftate. [f'fidiHHties are’not demanded until within 40 days before two years haff have become dne; and if no certificate of the lives of the nominees ftfapl be produc'd, fuch annuities td be divided among the furvivora of thedsfs, until Each certificate be produced, etc. An account to be made »f?!ftflf-year1y of the nominees who have died, and of the perfons who InM not demanded annuities for % years. On oath being made that Itlhineci.Vhofe certificates have not been procured, are abroad, and MA-there is reafon to believe fuch certificates may be obtained in a rcftfoohble time, and on certificate from a baron of the exchequer, that t	probable	the nominees were living, the auditor to fet apart the

UMfttitkt on fuch lives, and pay them on the production of certificates MB limited time, etc. Treafury may direct ntw orders to he made out MUfeu of fuch as may be loft, etc. Perfons fcrging or altering regifters, MB.-or perfonating the proprietor of any order, or any nominee, to fuffer ififitti as felons. Trealury to print and publifli on May %o, 179), and fo rafllfy, a lift of the nominees, etc. to be diftributed among the perfons nttttra to annuities. Officers of the exchequer taking fees to forfeit sol. HU mtikpplying money, to be incapacitated, etc. Officers paying annui-tstompon forced certificates, unknowingly, not to incur any penalty. Oft ftcpOQB brought for any thing done in purfuance of this act, general HRftnily be pleaded, and fpecial matter given in evidence, and if a verdict'for the defendant or the plaintiff difcoqtinue, or be nonfuited, or judgement agafnft him, the defendant to have treble cofts.

. ;.*Vc avJ xlii.

Ah' ad for applying' the Yufn cf ohd thoufarid pounds out of the unex-whfted balance or furplui'ahftrig frohv the forfeited eftates in North ftmha, towafts cotfcpletfng hnd fittifhipg the bridge over the Pees or 'frdtdf Oockbffriifjpath, in the coufaty of Berwick.

A€kV7 Ge6. 3. fbr repairing the roata from Berwick upon Tweed to OWEbomfpafh' tower, recited.* Great progrefs made. Road from Berwick to Dongias bridge, the ptift road along the fea coaft. Making IkHroad and building the bridge otfcr the Pals of the Pees been attended great difficulty fchd experite. Ad 14 Geo. 3. for the forfeited tfctta of Scotland rb'be putunder truftecs, recited. After the appli-caBbWf direded, a baTance remains unapplied. Finifhing the bridge is a W&Ffc of utility. • Barons of Exchequer i in powered to dtred the nun of rttoL €0 be paid out of the bktanqe to the truftecs of the road.

1	*

•	^	;	C A P. XLIII.

jtoad for altering and enlarging the powers of an ad, made in the thir-t „ fteotb year of the reign of hi*prefent Majefty, intituled, An ad fbr deepening, deanfing, and makiQg more commodious, the harbours of .;f$ie town of Greenock; for Supplying the inhabkants with frefh and t. *£okfome water; and for paving, deanfing, lighting, and watching fSe facets and other public* places within the laid tpwn.

VOLf XXXVI.	Tt	13 Geo. 3.

Digitized by Google

Anno vicefimo nono Georgii III. c. 44, 45. f 1789,

13 Geo. 3. c. a8. mentioned in the title, recited. Rate* granted 6? former ait to ceafe, and others to be levied in lien, befide* theferacr duties. All flops, veffels, barks, lighters, and boats, coming	or gio*

ing out of the port of Greenock, to pay rd. 3q. per ton coming iiiywd the like on going out. Ships, &c. of Great Britain, Ireland, or the Britiili plantations, coming from any other part of Great Britain or Ireland, to pay id. per ton inwards and outwards; and foreign fbips, &c. coming from foreign parts, to pay 3d. aq, per ton inwards, and alio outwards: and all foreign (hips, etc. coming from other part* of Great Britain or Ireland, to pay id. per ton, inwards and outwards. V'tfpds loaded with coals for the ufc of the town exempted. Matter* of veiSfeb not exceeding 30 nor lefs than 15 tons, may compound. Perfons fullering goods to remain on the quays above forty-eight hoars, to pay wharfage. Kates to continue until truftees have railed a further fan of aoool. and then rates to ceafe. Magi ft rates directed to a&ft in extorting the aft, and declaring it to be publick.

CAP. XLIV.

An ad for paving the footways of the feveral ftreets, publick paf&get, and places, within the town of Chelmsford, and hamlet of McniKbta, in the parifh of Chelmsford, in the county of EfTex; and for cleaning, lighting, and watching the faid town and hamlet; and for removing and preventing nuifancet, annoyances, and incroachmenta therein.

The footways to be paved, etc. and the ufual claufes inferted for that purpofe. Stallions not to be lhewn in the ftreet. Rates not more than is. per pound on rents, according to the poor’s rate, one-fourth by the landlord, and the other by the tenant. Gaols and other publick m»H-ings to pay 6d.peryard per ann. Lands, tythei and empty houfes,exempt from rates, and all houles beyond Elizabeth Blencowc’s, the end of New Street, the Anchor in MouUham, and beyond William John’s hotrfein Baddow Lane, not to be charged with rates. To raife i,ioot. by inanities for life, at 10 per cent, on fecurity of rates by argument, as nen-, tioned. None to bathe in the river near the publick roads on penatty of 58. each offence. Not to diminifh the fight of the lords of the manors of Chelmsford and Moulfham.

CAP. XLV.

An aft for amending and continuing, for a limited time»-an aft made in the la ft fefiion of parliament, intituled, An aft for difeontinuisg, for a limited time, the feveral duties payable in Scotland upon low wises and fpirits, and upon worts, wafh, and other liquors there ufcd in the diftillation of fpirits, and for granting to his Majefty other duties in j lieu thereof; and for better regulating the exportation of Britiftt-tnade fpirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited time, an aft made in the twenty-fixlhjtir of the reign of his prefent Majefty, “ to difeontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wine9 and fpiritx forborne confumption; and for granting and fecuring the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending Britilh fpirits; and for difeontinuing, for a limited (uncertain imp oft a and duties upon rum and fpirits imported from the Wet Indies; ” and to revive and continue the faid latt mentioned aft.

a8 Geo. 3. c. 46. in the title mentioned, and part ofclaufeda, andetariet 63, 64, and 6s, recited, and repealed. Permits to be allowed reftifim at the rate of 141 gallons for every 100 gallons of raw Britilh fpirits. Officers to take an account of the ftock of rectifiers, in the manner herein fpecified; and if any excefs in the quantity be found,ft may befrited.

If reftifiers fell fpirits of a greater ftrength than one in fix under hydrometer proof, they may be feized, with the veflfele, dec. If any put of the allowance granted by thin aft fliall appear not to have been ufedtitfhall be Ukeu from the reftitier’s credit, 2$ Geo. 3. c. 4d. ciatlfes 79 and

. - -	*■	$Q,rc-

Digitized by Google

1789^ Anno vicefimo nono Georgii III. c. 4	ij

incited, and repealed. Duties impofed by 17 Geo. 3. c. 13. on wafh spfcdc in Eogl^od for ex trading fpirita for home confumption, to be con-llW.to.Jtt|jr;5j 1790. a6 Geo. 3. c. 73* except where repugnant to 9$jGeo. 3. c. 46. and the latter ad, except fuch parts as arc hereby re-p$tfed> to be revived, and continued till July 5,1790.

r;	CAP-	XLVI.

JKaftfor preventing the wilfully burning or dejlroying/hips, and the Wilfully and malicioufly dejlroying any woollen, Jilt, linen, or cotton goods, or any implements prepared for or ufed in the manufacture -thereof, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland-

WHEREAS doubts have arifen, whether an aft, made in the Preamble;

fourth year of the reign of his majejly King George the Firft, for inflicting the puniftunent of death on fuch as (hall wilfully 4 Geo. r. burn or deftroy (hips; and another aft, made in the eleventh year of c*Ia-

Kcign cf bis faid majejly King George the Firjiy for explaining n Geo. x. ^mending the fame; and an aft, modem the twenty Jccor.dyear c* *9-iprefent Majejly, for punching perfons wiifully and malici- aa Geo. 3. ouffly deftroy in g any woollen, (ilk, linen, or cotton goods, or c* 40,

?y implements prepared for or ufed in the manufacture thereof,

(Ktend to that part pfGrtat Britain called Scotland, or in what mapner, and to what extent, perfons guilty of the faid crimes may be ioxvifted and punijbed there; may it therefore pleafe yooir Majelty to it may be enadled; and be it enabled by the King’s mo?t qjcellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the k&s fpimual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if After Sept. rf ariV owner of, or captain, mailer, officer, or mariner belonging I7g9* anv io iny ihip or veiTel (hall, after the firft day of September in the ^ftro^ingany year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, wilfully caft veiTel, with away, burn, or otherwife deftroy, the (hip or veffel of which he is intent to deowner, or to which he belongeth, or in any wife direeft or procure *iaud u”der-the fame to be done, with intent or defign to prejudice any per-	bdngC*

(on or perfons that hath or (hall underwrite any policy or poli- thereof con-

Sof infurance thereon, or of any merchant or merchants that videdinScot-Joad goods therein, or of any owner or owners of-fuch (hip land* to fuffer or veflel, the perfop or perfons offending therein, being thereof dcat * lawfully convidled before any court competent to the trial of ^ crimes, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall fuffer death, as in other cafes of capital crimes.

IX.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any as alfoper-petfon or perfons (hall, after the firft day of September in the year fone entering oni thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, by day or by night, a^houfe break into any houfe or (hop, or enter by force into any houfe with an in-or (hop, with intent to cut or deftroy any ferge or other woollen tenttodeftrojr goods in the loom, or any tools emplctyed m making thereof, an^w°ollin or (Jiall wilfully and malicioufly cut or deftroy any fuch ferges j^om8 C or wroollen goods in the loom or on the rack, or (hall burn, cut, ’ or deftroy any rack on which any fuch ferges or other woollen goods are hanged in order to dry, or (hall wilfully and malicioufly' break or deftroy any tools ufed in the making any fuch ferges or other woollen goods, not having the confent of the

T* t 2	Google	owner

€n

' i -	.	~ r ' .

Anno vicefimo nono Georgii III. c. 47. 11789.

owner To to do, every fuch offender, being thereof lawfully eoor viCied, in that part of Great Britain called Scotlandi bewe rte court of jufticiary, or any circuit court, (hall fuffer death, a$ fa , other cafes of capital crimes.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority afbreiaki, and Hkewife That if any perfon or perfons (hall, after the firft day of Srptem-^^nterin01" ^er onc t^ou^an<^ ^cvcn hundred and eighty-nine, by day or by intoTny night, break into any houfe or (hop, or enter by force into any houfe with houfe or (hop, with intent to cut or deffroy any velvet, wrought an intent to fllk9 or filk mixed with any other materials, or other filk maou-veliet^&c^in ^a<^urc *n l^c l°om>or any warP or (hute, tools, tackle, or uten-thc loom n or fhaH wilfully and malicioufly cut or deftroy any velvet, etc.; 9 wrought (ilk, or filk mixed with any other materials, or other

filk manufacture in the loom, or any warp or (hute, tools, tackle, or utenfils prepared or employed in or for the making thereof, or (hall wilfully or malicioufly break or deffroy any tools, tackle, or utenfils ufed in or for the weaving or maktogef any fuch velvet, wrought filks, or fiiks mixed with any other materials, or other (ilk goods, or filk manufacture, not h*vng the confent of the owner fo to do, every fuch offender, being thereof lawfully convicted as aforefaid, in that part of Grmt Britain called Scotland, (hall fuffer death, as in other cafes of capital crimes.

IV.	And be it further cnafled by the authority aforefaid,

and alfo per- That if any perfon or perfons (hall, by day or by night, after f°n0 f? 5ntrr' the firft day of September one thoufand feven hundred and eigfity-infentto de- n*nc* ^>rca*c intoany houfe or (hop, or enter by force into any houfe ftroy any li- or (hop, with intent to cut and.deffroy any linen or cotton* pr pen or cotton linen and cotton mixed with any other materials, or other iioen in the loom. 0r cotton manufactures in the loom, or any warp or (hute, took, clc*	tackle, or utenfils, or (hall wilfully and malicioufly cut or deffnir

any linen or cotton, or linen or cotton mixed with any other materials, or other linen and cotton manufacture, in the Jooa, or any warp or (hute, tools, tackle, and utenfils prepared for or employed in the making thereof, or (hall wilfully and qaalid-oufly break and deffroy any tools, tackle, or utenfils uTed m or for the carding, fpinning, weaving, preparing,' or making,in any way whatever, any fuch linen or cotton, or linen or com mixed with any other materials, or other linen and cotton'gopds, or linen and cotton manufactures whatfoever, not having die confent of the owner fo to do, every fuch offender, being thereof lawfully convicted as aforefaid, in that part of Green Beiak1 called Scotland, (hall fuffer death as in other cafes of ca^rtai crimes.	'

CAP. XLVII.

An a£t for providing an additional burial ground for the pariihef Sent James, Weftminfter, and erecting a chapel adjoining thereto,anda houfe for the reftdence of a clergyman to officiate in burying thedead.

Burial ground of the parifti of Saint James, Weftminfter, is not firfS-ciently large, have agreed with Charles lord Southampton for ground in the parilh of Saint Pancras. The ground containing 4 acres, part of -	■	the

’ Digitized by GQOgle

*7*9-3 Anno vicefimo nono Georgii III. c. 48.

^>c bride field belonging to lord Southampton, lying eaftwarti of, and

»ld)iimiQg to, the turnpike road, from Tottenham Court Road towards Mmjm6a4> 4*0 yards from Iflington turnpike road. Trufte/e* appoint-a*, Tpc reftor, and fenior churchwarden of Saint Jamet, the truftcea F tile reboot and chapel, in King Street, near Golden Square. Truftees iso appoint treafurerand clerk, etc. and take fecurity from their treafurcr, land tocaufe the ground to he inclofed with a brick wall ten feet high, and to ere& a chapel and houfe, etc. for refidences of the clergy roan and * clerk and fexton. A pew and vault to be made for lord Southampton, fete. ; and a pew for the minister. The ground to be exempt from taxes to Smut Pancras parifb. Annual iumt to be paid to lord Southampton, 'and others, looi. per ann. rent. To the fenior churchwarden of Pan-cras» si. 108, to the appropriator, ie. sd. for tythes, to the vicar of Pancras, xl. 18. to be paid quarterly. Pariftiioner* of Saint Pancras not to be churched or chriftened in the new chape), without confent of the '▼tear; and additional fees to be paid for burial of pariihioners of Saint Pancras in the new burial ground, and to be accounted for to the vicar, AfiC. Fees, See. laved to the reftor an^i churchwardens of Saint James. Th? reft of the pews to be let by the truftees. Burial fees to the churchwardens to be paid to the truftees, and the application of the fame, and the rents of the pews, directed. Power to borrow money at intereft, and to ttflign the rents of the pews as a fecurity, which may be tranf-ferred. Burial ground and chapel to be confccratcd* and minifters, clerks, and fextons, to be nominated by the reftor of the parifh of Saint James. If any thing alledged by the truftees again ft minifters, others t6 be nominated. Overplus money to be applied in educating poor children. Proceedings of truftees to be entered in a book. Expences of to be paid out of the firft money received. Publick aft.

CAP. XLVIII.

An a6k for conftituting the church of Saint Giles, in the parifti of Ponte-haft, in the county of York, the parifh church; and for other purpofes.

The church of All Saints tn Pontefraft, called The Old Church, being in aftate of abfolute ruin. Saint Giles’s church hath been ufed as the parifti church,and repaired by an afteftment on the whole parifh, and is now in want of confiderable repairs, and a doubt hath arifen who are liable to repair the fame; and tne pariihioners being unable to rebuild the old church, Saint Giles’s to be the parifh church. That Edwin Lafcellcs «fb; the patron, the reftor, and the vicar of the parifb to be the patron, rector, and vicar of Saint Giles’s. The old church yard to continue the burial ground, and part of the old church to be fitted up for performing the burial fervice, to be paid by the inhabitants of Knottingley, in lieu Of church rates, tool, by inftalments before a 5 of March, 1793, and nl. sos. per ann. for ever. Power to recover arrears of church rates, and to rotate Saint Giles’s church, and to take down the fteeple, and ereft a new one. xoool. to be raifed bv granting of annuities, which may be aliened. The prefent vicarage noufe, and certain glebe lands, about 7 acres in the parifh of Darrington, and a fmall parcel in High Bailygate, may be fold with confent of the Archbifhop of York, John Perfect, efq; god Chriftopher Mann Torre, M. D. Money arifing by fale of the vica-rage boufe and glebe, to be applied in purchafing a new vicarage houfe. JBfyins {nay be publifhed and matrimony folemnized, in Knottingley chip*!. Fees. For banns, 3 times, is. to the rainiftcr. For marriage by banns, to the minifter, as. 6d.; to the clerk, is. Marriage by licepce, to the minifter, 5s.; to the clerk, as. 6d.; and alfo to the vicar, clerk, and fexton of tbe,parifh, the ancient fees, viz. For banns, 3 times, is. For imUliagfe by banns, the vicar, as. 6d.; the clerk, is. 3d.; fexton, 6d. Mahiage by licence, vicar, 10s.; clerk, as. 6d.; fexton, is. Inhabitants :tf&nottt0gley to fupport the chapel, &c. Publick act.

T t 3	CAP,

iC J 4 v * iJ ,

Digitized by

Google

624	Anno viccfimo nono Georgii 1IT. c, 49.

CAP. XLIX.	|

An aft for granting to his Majejly feveral additional rata and dsefir. upon horfes and carriages with four wheels; and far explaudsg and amending an aft paffed in the\ twenty-fifth jear of bis prefeat Majejly, as far as relates to certain carriages with two or thru vjkeeh, therein mentioned.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. TT7E, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjc&s, the VV commons of Great Britainy in parliament aflembled, towards raifing the neceflary fupplies which we have freely granted to your Majefty in this fefiion of parliament, have refbTved to give and grant to your Majefty the feveral additional rates and % duties hcrein-after mentioned; and do therefore moft humbfy bcfeech your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it ezxaded by the King’^ moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of From July the fame, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thou-fow?ne^fddi• ^anc* ^even hundred and eighty-nine, the feveral additional tionai annual duties herein-after mentioned (hall be charged, raifed* levied, dutiei to be and paid unto his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, throughoar paid; viz^ ihe kingdom of Great Britain \ that is to fay.

Where two horfes are kept for riding, or for drawing any coach, &c. 5s. for one of them;

where three, four, or five are kept, 78. 6d. for each exceeding one;

and where fix or more are kept, ios. for each exceeding one.

That every perfon who (hall keep and ufe two horfes, marts, or geldings, and no more, for the purpofe of riding, or for the purpofe of drawing any coach, beriin, landau, chariot, calaflt, chaife, or any other carriage, for or in refpedt whereof any rate or duty heretofore under the management of the commiflionen of excife, and now transferred to and under the management of the commiflioners for the affairs of taxes, is payable, by whatfoever name fuch carriage now is or hereafter may be called or known, (hall be charged with an additional annual duty of five (hillings for one of fuch horfes, mares, or geldiogs: That every perfon who (hall keep and ufe three, four, or five horfes, mares, or geldings, and no more, for the purpofe of riding, or drawing any fuch coach, beriin, landau, chariot, calalh, chaifc, or any other fuch carriage as aforefaid, by whatfoever name or names fuch carriages now are or hereafter may be called or known, (hall be charged with,an additional annual duty of feven (hillings and fix pence for each fuch horfe, at are, or gelding, exceeding the number of one:

That every perfon who fhall keep and ufe fix or more horfes, mares, or geldings, for the purpofe of riding, or for the purpofe of drawing any fuch coach, beriin, landau, chariot, calalh, chaife, or other fuch carriage as aforefaid, by whatfoever name or names fuch carriages now are or hereafter may be called or known, (hall be charged with and pay an additional annual duty of ten (hillings for each fuch horfe, ofere, or gelding, exceeding the number of one.

Digitized by v^ooQle

1789*] Anno viccfimo nono Georgii III. c. 49.	625

That every perfon who (hall keep one coach, Berlin, landau, Where one chariot, calafh, chaife marine, chaife with four wheels, or cara- coach, or ▼in, fbr his or her own ufe, or to be let out to hire, other than and except fuch carriages as are already licenfed, or hereafter wheel?, is ritey by law be licenfed by his Majcfty’s commiffioners for ma- kept, (hack-»aging the duties on hackney coaches, (hall be charged with ncy coaches and pay an additional yearly fum of twenty (hillings, in refpedfc cxcepted)aos. of fuch one coach or carriage as aforefaid:

That every perfon who (hall keep two coaches, Berlins, Where two landaus, chariots, calafties, chaife marines, chaifcs^with four kepV, Vo*, wheels, or caravans, or two of any fuch carriages, for his or her for one,’and * own ufe, or to be let out to hire, other than and except fuch 40s. for the carriages as are already licenfed, or hereafter may by law be other; licenfed by his Majefty’s commiffioners for managing the duties Oh hackney coaches, (hall be charged with an additional annual ifaty'of twenty (hillings for one of fuch carriages, and an addi-tlbnal yearly fum of two pounds for every other of fuch carriages:

That every perfon who (hall keep three or more coaches, and where berlins, landaus, chariots, calafhes, chaife marines, chaifes with three or more four wheels, or caravans, or three or more of any fuch car- one * amT’ rlages, for his or her own ufe, or to be let out to hire, other 3i. fort’ach of tSlan and except fuch as are already licenfed, or hereafter may the others, fey law be licenfed by the commiffioners for managing the duties on hackney coaches, (hall be charged with and pay an adT ditional yearly fum of twenty (hillings for one of fuch carriages, artd an additional yearly fum of three pounds for every other of fuch carriages.

II. Provided always neverthelefs, and it is the true intent and meaning of this adt, That the faid feveral yearly Turns Duties to be Rfcreby refpedtively charged upon horfes and carriages as afore- paid in addi-jkid, fhall be paid over and above, and in addition to any for- £™*°formcr iher duties charged upon horfes and carriages, and now placed 9 ttftder the management of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes : provided alfo, That no duty (hall be impofed* aflefied, or but not to ex-fivied by virtue of this adt, for or in refpedlof any horfe, mare, tempted* C§ of gelding, not liable to the duty impofed on hoifes, mares, from £uty by ttrfd geldings, by an adt parted in the twenty-fourth year of the 44 Geo. 3.

of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for granting to bis 3** or any -Majejly certain duties on horfes kept for the purpofe of riding ; and ^ le<lucnt 0n horfes ufed in drawing certain carriages, in rejpeft whereof any duty if excife is made payable; but that every horfe, mare, or gelding, exempted therefrom, either by the faid adt, or any Jbbfcqueht adt relating thereto, (hall alfo be exempted from the jWtditional duties by this a£t impofed ; any thing herein-before Contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

* * III. And whereas doubts have arifen on whom the'duties impofed tb the faid afi of the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent AfajefyJhould be chargeable in refpefl of horfes let out by the year, monthy or other period, for the purpofe of drawing any coach, ierlin> landau> chariot, calajh, chaife^ or any qtber carriage herein-

T 14	before

Digitized by Google

626	Arnio	vicpftmo	nono Gbqrgii HI* Ct>4$P rfT&’l1

Duties im-	before enumerated*, be it ena&ed, That in every *fuch ssife<tbr I'

pofedby	fai<) duties, together with thofie impofed by virtue rpf	1	i

andM^tbit	be deemed an<^ taken to be chargeable on, and paki bytbe I

aa, on horfes P*rf°n or perfons refpedively by whom fuch borfeaihalJ behind I let out Hy the and ufed.	••	'	f

yearfordraw IV. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted by the sturhrity I ing coaches, aforefaid. That nothing in this ad contained (hall extend* or hie 1 by the hhers! con^rucd to extend, to charge with the faid additions! rates or 1 Additional * duties on carriages by this ad impofed, any coach, berlin, ha-duties not to dau, chafiot, calalh, chaife marine, chaife with four wheels^ or extend to caravan, let to hire for the purpofe of travelling pod for a day, carriage? let or any left period of time, or by the mile, or from ftageto fcage, by any peftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon duly licenfed to prrfon li- Y let poft horfes by the faid commiflioners for managing the do-cenfeff to let ties charged on damped vellum, parchment, or paper, and poft horfes. whereon the name and place of abode of the perfon io ikeafed (hall be marked or painted, according to the dire&toos of the aft in that cafe made and provided $ any thing herdn«bd»e co&» tained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

V.	And whereas; by the faid alt* paffed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of hit prefent Majejly, it was enabled and provided* That every perfon exerctftng the trade and bufinefs of an Jborfe dealer* md who Jhould take cut a licence to ufe and extreife the find trade and bufinefs, (to be granted by any two or more of the commiffioners for managing the duties on (lamped vellum* parchment *ani paper, or feme perfon duly authorifed by tbem)*Jbould be exempted from the dmtia granted by the faid aQ in refpelt of any borfe* mare, or gelding* fc-longing to* and kept for fale* and not for hire* in the fables of Jntb dealer in horfes* licenfed in purfuance of that alt: end whereas tie faid commiffioners of the fiamp duties are not prohibited by the food ad from granting licences to any perfon or perfons applying for the fame* although fuch perfon or perfons may not actually exercife the trade and bufinefs of an borfe dealer within the intent and meaning of the find be it therefore further enaded by the authority a&re&id, ■ From Julv 5, That from and after the faid fifth day of July one thoufaod i 1789, no li- feven hundred and eighty-nine, it (hall not be lawful for theftfd £ranted°to commiflioners, or for any perfon authorifed by them, to gram exercife the any licence or licences to any perfon or perfons whatsoever, to bufinefs of a ufe and exercife the trade and bufinefs of an horfe dealer, unkft horfe dealer fuch perfon fhall produce to the faid commiffioners, or the per-produdioiT f ^on autborifed by them, a declaration in writing, figned by him a declaration or refpedively, that he or they doth or do feek his or their as herein living by buying and felling of horfes, and fhall, in the faid de-mentioned. claration, fet forth the particular place and places where fudi trade and bufinefs is to be exercifed and carried on; and every licence granted, or to be granted, to any perfon or perfons other than to fuch as (hall feck hrs or their living by buying and fetfiog horfes, fhall be wholly void and of no effed; any thing in the T.	faid ad contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.,

ers keep bor-	n ^urtbcr enaded by the authority aforefaid. That

fes for riding* if the feveral perfons to be appointed affeffors under the audio-

rity

Digitized by uooQle

: ^§9^]] Aooo vicefirrtbritmo GeoRgIi IIT. c. 49.	627

rityix>£the ftritf'feverai ads,orany of them, (Haft, Upon due ex- 0r drawing, aadaatiUn,' find that any perfon to whom a licence to exercifeand negieft to ihsitiwdetaad fcofinefs of an horfe dealer hath been granted, doth Pve ,n-at?ft kdep and ufc any horfe or horfes for the purpofrof riding, or *,JjjL For the purpofe of drawing any fuch carriage aforefaid, and not charge the focfale, within the limitk of the places for which fuch afiefiors duty for fuch arc to ad; and fuch perfon fo hcenfed (hall, upon due notice "““her,a* hairing been given, negled or refufe to make out, fign, and Jeliver, according to the diredions of the faid ad of the twenty* )earn arc fir nfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, a true lift in wnt* kept, ngof the number of fuch horfes fo kept and uied by him or her within fuch limits as aforefaid, liable to the faid (everal duties on horfes, or (hall omit any fuch horfe or horfes in fuch lift, then Fuch afteilbr or afleflors (hall be at liberty, and he and they is and anerhereby refpedively required/ from the beft information he op they can obtain, to make a true afleflment upon fuch perfon o licenfed, and to charge him or her for and in refped of the real number of horfes which (hall be kept and ufed by him or her for the purpofe of riding, or for the purpofe of drawing any fuch carriage as aforefaid, notwithftanding fuch licence to him or her fo granted, or any thing in this or the faid recited ads contained to the contrary thereof.

VII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That the (aid feveral duties by this ad granted as aforefaid, (hall Duties to be be paid quarterly, on the four moft ufual days of payment of P*'? fuch duties in the year; that is to fay, the fifth day of	payment

the £ftb‘day of April,the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of on oft. 10* D&abxr, in every year, by equal portions; the firft payment 1789* thereupon to be made on the tenth day of Odober one thoufand (even hundred and eighty*nine.

VIII.	And be it further enaded. That all the money arifing Duties to be

by the duties by this ad impofed (the neceflary charges of railing Pa'd 'nfo the andtaccouming for the fame excepted), (hall, from time to time, £*iried be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at	to the confe-

ree*? and die (aid money, fo paid into the Faid receipt of the ex- iidated fund, rhtquer as aforefaid, (hall be carried to and made part of the

ru nd called	The	Confoliaated Fund.

IX.	And be it further enaded. That the new duties charged Duties to he by this ad on horfes and on carriages (hall be aflefled, railed, raifcd.Ac.ac-evied, colleded, and received by fuch perfons, in fuch and the dfreftioos of like form and manner, and with fuch allowances, and under *5 Geo. j. Fuch penalties,’forfeitures, and difabilities, and with fuch power c. 47, etc.

For recovering and enforcing the fame, and according to fuch

rulcfc, mqfhods, and diredions, as are preferibed or appointed for affirifing, railing, levying, colleding, recovering, and paying, thef-fonner duties on horfes and carriages refpedively, by an ad marge in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An act	fortramferring the receipt and management

of certain, duties therein mentioned, from the	of

an A tbe'eotkmijjioners	ofjlamps refpedively, to the commifftonersfor

bf affbin.oftaxes\ and alfofor making further proviftons in refped

if

Digitized by Google

628	Anno	vicefimo	nono	Georgii III. c. 49.

ef the faid duties fo tran sferredy or by any other aft or a&s theral recited or referred to, or by any other law now in force relaiM to his Majefty’s revenues upon houfes, windows, and ligftti, el either of them, and which by the hid aCt of the twenty-fftil year of his prefcnt Majefty, or by any fubfequent aCf, is mdcl applicable or referrable to the faid former duties on horfesandl carriages, or either of them; and a!! the powers, authorities, 1 rules, and directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters,and I things, now in force, contained in the faid a6t of the twenty-fifth year of his prefent Majefty, or in any a£t or aCts therein re- ! »	cited	or referred to, relative to the duties on horfes and carriages,

or either of them, or in any fubfequent aCt relating thereto, for aflefling, railing, levying, and paying, the rates and duties by tbs faid acts, or any of them, granted, lhall be in full force, and be duly obferved and praCtifed and put in execution, throaghoc: the whole kingdom of Great Britain, for aflefling, railing, ievr-ing, collecting, and paying, the duties by this adl directed, r> fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, (fo far as fed provisions lhall be applicable to the faid duties hereby granted, and are not altered by this aCt), as if all and every the ftd powers, authorities, rules, and directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of jhis aCt.

The commif- X. And be it further enaCted, That, for the better execution fioners for ^ of t^is a(c^ an(j for the ordering, railing, levying, collecting, and cution^a<ftC*5~ Pay,ng> the duties hereby granted, the commilfioners authorifed Geo. 3. to put or appointed, or who lhall be authorifed or appointed hereafter this in execu- for putting in execution the faid herein-before mentioned ad of tion.and to the twenty-fifth year of his prefent Majefty, concerning the faid meeting cm duties on horfes and carriages in that aCt mentioned, or any July 10,1789; duties placed under the management of the commilfioners for the affairs of taxes, lhall be commilfioners for putting in exaction this prefent aCt, and the powers herein contained, in all the counties, (hires, ftewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, ciiHpfc ports, towns, and places, for which they are or lhall be appointed refpe&ivcly, within Great Britain; and the faid commilfioa-ers, in order to the fpeedy execution of this adt, and forthepur-pofe of levying the duties by this aft impofed, lhall, in their refpeCtive counties, Ihires, ftewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places, in which they are or Hull be appointed commilfioners refpeCtively, meet for the firft time on or before the tenth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, and afterwards in like manner meet yearly and every year, at fuch day s or times as the faid commilfioners for the time being lhall think proper to appoint, before the thirtieth day of April yearly, and lhall then divide themfelves to ad in feparate diftriCls, and proceed in the execution of this prefent a<ft for aflefling, railing, levying, and collecting, the duties hereby granted as aforelaid, in fuch and the fame manner, and under the fame regulations and directions, as are prefcribed by the before mentioned a£t$, or any of them, with refpe& to the

rates

1789,] ' Anno vicefimo nono Georgii III. c. 49.

rates and duties thereby impofcd, except in fuch cafes in which any alteration is made in this aft,

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if by my negleft or default there (hall not have been a meeting of the faid commiflioners, and a due execution of the feveral powers by this or the faid aft of the twenty-fifth year of his prefent Majefty created, within or at the time or times, or according to the manner or circumftances direfted or prcfcribed in and by the prefent or the faid aft of the twenty-fifth year iforefaid, it {hall and may be lawful for the faid commiflioners; >r any two or more of them, in all the counties, (hires, ftewar-tries* ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places in Great Britain refpeftively, wherein fuch default (hall have happened, to meet at any other time or times, and from time to time as there (hall be occafion; and fuch commiflioners are hereby reqpired, as loon as may be after the time or times fo preferred, to meet in order to execute the faid powers; and fuch com-miflibners are hereby authorifed and required forthwith, or as (bon as may be, after the time or times at which fuch meeting (hall have been held according to the direftions of this prefent aft, to execute the fame and the powers therein contained, fo as the faid rates and duties charged by this aft be duly and effectually charged, raifed, levied, collefted, and paid, to his Majefty, bis heirs and fucceflfors, for the ufes in this aft mentioned, notwithftanding any fuch omiifion or defeft,* and all fuch meetings and afts or the faid commiflioners, or any two or more of them, (hall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be good and valid, to all intents and purpofes, notwithftanding any fuch omifiion or defeft as aforefaid.

XII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted. That no per-foa (hall prefume to aft as a commiflioner in the execution of this aft, or any of the powers herein contained, (except in ad-miniftcring the oath ot qualification herein exprefled), until he (hall have firft taken, befides the feveral oaths required to be taken by any other aft or afts of parliament, an oath in the following manner; that is to fay,

I A. B; do fweary That I will truly and faithfully execute the office of a commiffionery and will determine all appeals which Jhall be brought before mey to the beft of my Jkill and judgement, purfuant to tbe aft of parliament in that behalf

So help me GOD.

Which 03th any two or more of the commiflioners in the county, (hire, city, or place, where the afleflements is to be made, are hereby authorifed to adminifter; and if any perfon (hall aft as a commiflioner for putting this aft in execution (except as aforefaid), before he fhall have taken fuch oath as aforefaid, he (ball, for every fuch offence, forfeit one hundred pounds.

XIII, And be it further enafted, That the faid commiflioners

(hall

629

and in default of their then meeting, any two may meet at any other time.

No commif-fioner to aft till he has taken the following

oath.

on penalty of

iool.

Commiflioners to give

notice to the

Digitized by Google

afleflors of their appointment.

If no afleflors are appointed, ortheyneglect their duty, the fnnreyors or infpectort under a5 Geo. 3. to act at afleflors.

Such furrey-ort and in-fpcctorsto take the following

oath.

before they act,on penalty of tel.

Doties to be leried according to lifts 'madeoutpur-foant to %S Gc6. 3.

Anno victfimo nono Georgh IIL c. 49.

(hall caufe notice to be inferted in the precepta to be firofo tS31 to time directed by them to the inhabitants of parilfies within their refpedive diftrids or divifions, whom tfctfy think fit to be prefentors or afleflors under the fald before mid tioned a efts, or any of them, that fuch perfons are al(o appointed afleflors of the additional duties on horfes and carriages in ffihl ad contained.	1

XIV.	Andy for tht more effectually levying and colie Sling the Adm 1 impofed by this aCf9 be it further enaded, That if at any time there I (hall be a negled to appoint afleflors for the faid duties on bodes ] and carriages, or any the duties on houfes, windows, and lights, under the management of the faid commiffioners, or if theafief- ! fors appointed (hall negled to perform what is required of them by this or the faid ad of the twenty-fifth year of his prefect Majefty, then, and in that cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the furveyor or furveyors, infpedor or infpedors, ip-pointed or to be appointed under the authority of the (aid t& of the twenty-fifth of his prefent Majefty, or any of the faid a& relative thereto, or to any of the duties on houfes and windows or lights, thereby and therein referred to, and they are herd* required to do and perform fuch and the like (entices as by thi ad is required of fuch afleflors.

XV.	And be it further enaded. That every perfon appointed or to be appointed as aforefaid, or any furveyor or icfpe&or hereby authorifed'to ad in the execution of the faid office or * employment, (hall take and fubferibe, befides the oaths or fqlemn affirmations to be taken or made and fubfcribed by afleflors, by any other ad or ads of parliament relative to Uc faid duties, an oath, or, being one of the people called

a folemn affirmation, in the following form j (that is to lay),

I A. B. do fwetr9 (or affirm, as the cafe may require) Thai m the a£ejjment which I am required to male in pur Juana of the & ofparliament, in that cafe made and provided> I will a& without feym or affe8ion9 and according to the bejt of my (kill and knowledge,

So help toe GOD*

Which oath or affirmation any two or more of the comoaiffioo-ers, in the county, (hire, ftewartry, city, or place refpedivdj where the afleffments are to be made, are hereby authorized and required to adminifter; and if any perfon fo appointed or to be appointed, or hereby authorifed to ad as afleflor, furveyor, or in/pedor, (hall prefume to ad in the execution of the faid office or employment before he (hall have taken the aforefaid oath or affirmation, as the cafe may be, he (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, the fum of twenty pounds.	..

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That the duties by thtitft granted (hall and may, from time to time, be aflefled, levied, and , paid according to fuch lids in writing of the number of horfes | and carriages liable to the faid duties, as (hall be kept or tiled by

iny

Die ' :ed by Google

Anno vicefimo nono Georgii III. c. 49.	631

‘ erjpn pcrfons whatfoever, which fhall from time to time Jtvcred to any fuch aflcflor or afleflbrs, furveyor or fur-ij lnfjpeftor or infpeftprs refpeftively, in purfuancc of the s|<5t 0f the twenty-fifth year of his prefent Majefty, and ac-^ t^fig to the number of horfes and carriages refpeftively con-vtoed therein, unlefs fuch afleflbrs, furveyors, or infjpeftors re- unlefs omif-af^Qtivcly, fhall find, upon due examination thereof, that any ^vcred^ an!d orjRp or horfes, carriage or carriages, is or are omitted in fuch then^effbrt lifts, then and in fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful for are to make a afleflbrs, furveyors, and infpeftors refpeftively, and they furchargc. very and each of them fhall and may, and they are hereby cqiiired to furcharge the fame, and to make a true afleflment every perfon keeping or ufing fuch horfes aad carriages,

•^fcOrding to, and under fuch rules and orders, regulations, penalties and allowances, as are in the faid a ft of the twenty-Sftfc year of his prefent Majefty, or any aft therein recited or rfercrred to, preicribed, any thing herein contained to the con-notwithftanding.

, Xyll. fyid be it further enafted, That the firft afleflinent Firft afleff-YTX&le under this aft, of the additional duties on horfes and car- “'enrobe riages hereby granted, fhall be made for three quarters of a year, fourths of a ftQtn the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and eighty- yCar, from nitfe | and afterwards the faid afleflments of the faid duties fhall July 5,1789, be made for one year, from the fifth day of April in every year, and aftcr-XVIII. And whereas by the before mentioned aft of the twenty- wards ycar fifth year of his prefent Majefty, it was, among other things, enafted,

That the yearly fum of three pounds ten Jbillings Jbould be paid for and upon every calafb, thatfe, or chair with two or three wheels, or by vuhatfoever name fuch carriages Jbould or might be called or knoum% to be drawn by one or more horfes that Jhould be kept by or for any perfon or perfonSy for his or their ufe, or to be let out to hire: and whereas feverat carriages are conftrufted and ufed for the purpofes of pleafure, and are entered and paid for as carts or carriages liable to a fmaller duty, by virtue of an aft made in the twenty-third year of bis prefent Majefiy^ intituled, An aft for granting to his Majefty feveral rates and duties upon waggons, wains, carts, and other fuch carriages, not charged with any duty under the management of the com-tniflioners of excife, and the names of the proprietors or owners of tie faid carriages are fometimesput thereon in order to evade the payment of the higher duties, granted to his Majefty by the before-mentioned aft of the twenty-fifth year of his prefent Majefty9s reign, greatly to the detriment of bis Majefty9s revenue 5 be it therefore eoafted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every carriage Carriageswith or carriages with two or three wheels, by whatfoever name or twoorthree names fuch carriages now are or hereafter may be called or wrh5cij^ known to be drawn by one or more horfes, which fhall be ufed ^dnot" at any time for the carriage or conveyance of perfons, and not generally for gtaehdfy ufed in the affairs of hufbandry, or for the carriage of hufbandry or goods^ wares, or merchandife, from place to place in the way of }.ra^.c»to trade, ihall be deemed a carriage and carriages within the mean- dutyimpSw ing of the faid aft of the twenty-fifth year of his prefent Ma- by aj Ocq. $.

Digitized by VJiOCK^LC

and if not fo entered, the owners to forfeit 7I. for each;

Anno vicefimo nono Georgii III. c. 49.

jefty, and (hall be entered and paid for accordingly; any or cuftom to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XIX. And be it further enaddd by the authority aforefaid. That if, at any time, any perfon or perfons, to whom fuch car. riage or carriages with two or three wheels as aforefaid (hall belong, (hall not have entered the fame according to the rules, regulations, and directions contained in the faid ad of the twenty-fifth year of his prefent Majefty, or any adl or ads therein recited or referred to, fo far as the fame (hall be applicable to the duties on carriages with two and three wheels, fuch perfon or perfons to whom fuch carriage or carriages (hall belong, (kafi forfeit and pay the fum of feven pounds for every fuch carriage fo ufed, over and above all expences in profecutiog for the fame, upon proof of the offence before one or more juft ice or joftira of the peace, cither by the voluntary confeflion of the party, cr upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneflb; which oath the faid juftice orjuftices, to whom fuch informatics {hall be given, are hereby authorifed and required to admintfta; and in cafe of nonpayment, the faid juftice orjuftices are berekf alfo required to levy the faid penalties by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands aod feaIs of fuch juftice or juftices; and the overplus of the roooey raifed, after deducing the penalty and cofts, and the expences of diftrefs and fale, (hall be rendered to the owner, and the (aid juftice orjuftices (hall pay one moiety of the faid penalty to t U informer or informers, and the other moiety to the colkftorr appointed by the commiflioners authorifed or appointed, or bat-after to be authorifed or appointed* for putting in execution this prefent ad, for the pari(h or place wherein the perfon or perfoos, to whom fuch carriage ok- carriages (hall belong, (hall refidc , and the faid juftice or juftices (hall render an account thereof ir. writing, dating the name and place of abode of fuch pokes re(pedively from whom the money has been fo received, in order that the faid commiflioners may fee the fame duly added to the afleflrnent of the refpedive pari(h or place to which the lame may belong.

XX.	And be it further enabled. That all conftables, head-boroughs, tithingmen, and other his Majefty’s officers, flu:! and are hereby required and enjoined to be refpedively aiding and aflifting in the execution of this ad, and to obey and execort fuch precepts or warrants as (hall be to them directed in tint behalf, by the refpedive commiflioners hereby appointed, or any of them.

XXI.	And be it further enabled by the authority afordaid, That if any perfon or perfons (haJI be fued, xnolefted, or pro* fecuted for any thing done by virtue or in purfiiance of this ad,

General iffue. fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general iffur, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence in his, her, or their defence or defences; and if afterwards a verdid (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff, or plain-tiffs (hall difeontinue his, her, or their adion or adions, or be

¥	non-

which may be levied by

difticf*.

Application of penalty.

Conftables to afGfit in the execution of thu act.

7S9 ] Anno vicefimo nono GeoRGII III. c. 50,	633

onfuited, or judgement (hall be given againft him, her, 1 or ieni;upon demurrer or otherwife, then fuch defendant or de-mdants (hall have treble cofts awarded him, her, or them, Treble cofts. yamft any fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. L.

kaB fa granting to bis Majefty feveral additional ft amp duties on newfpapers, advertifements, and on sards and dice.

Mod gracious Sovereign,

HT7E, your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjedb, the Preamble*

f V commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, to-

ifrds raifing the neceffary fupplics to defray your Majcfty’s pub-

ck expences, have refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty

le duties herein-aftermentioned; and do molt humbly beieech

Mir Majefty that it may be enacted $ and be it enabled by the

ikigfs moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-

Btdf the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this

itfent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame,

liar, from and after the firft day of Augujl one thoufand feven Fr°m Aug. 1,

undrtd and eighty-nine, there (hall be raifed, levied, collected,	^i.*

id paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for tional duties

leufeof his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, the rates and to be levied,

ities following; that is to fay,	yiz•

Fbt and upon every newfpaper, or paper containing publick 0,1 5WS, intelligence, or occurrence, printed in Great Britain to be ^hal?^ fperfcd or made publick, whether the fame be contained in penny: * lift Iheet, or any lefs piece of paper, or in any paper larger *an half a fheet, and not exceeding one whole (heet, upon ery fheet and half (heet thereof, there (hall be charged, over td above all other rates and duties by any adt of parliament im->fed, an additional duty of one halfpenny :

For every advertifement, to be contained in or publi(hed with ty newfpaper or pamphlet whatfoever, printed in Great Britain anewfpaperor be difperfed or made publick, over and above all other rates pamphlet,6d.x id duties already impofed thereon, there (hall be charged an Iditional duty or fixpence:

For every pack of playing cards, made fit for fale or ufe in °J? wry pack reat Britain, over and above the duties now payable thereon, of 6d*: e fum of fixpence:

And for and upon every pair of dice, made fit for fale or ufe an^ on every Great Britain, over and above the duties now payable there-	***

1, this futn of two (hillings and fixpence : fuch refpedtive duties be pah! by the makers of fuch cards and dice refpedtively.

II. Arte! bd it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That, Duties to be r thc*irtbreeffe&ual levying, collecting, and paying all the faid wnderthema-tle^ h^tein-before granted, the fame (hall be under the go- thecommif. rnftfetrt, care, aod management of the commiffioners for the fionersof

time (tamps.

Digitized by vjOOQlC ’

Aru>o :Tkdin*j«mo G$o*6tx W. &>. [^j^.

time being appointed to manage the-dutie* charged fMbpd

-	vellum, parchment, afod paper, who, Or the major part nftfrpw,

-	are hereby required andim powered to ctoplqy Jbc feaffiuyurf-' ficers under theta lor that punpoie, and. tO'CasucfetcVwat'flmnps

to be provided, to denote the laid-fever*! addiuecui.^ntM-.u (hall be requifite in that behalf, and to do all other cthmpaw-ccflary to be done for putting thia ad in execution, with wiWwu to the fud feveral rates and duties beneia-befbee yanted, ia the like and in as full and ample a •manner, as they or-she i part of them are authorised to put Inexecution any f concerning (tamped paper, or cards, or dice-	•	•	-

. ’ III. Provided alarays, and be it further esadted by the aatko-whoway pro-.,rity aforefaid, That, to prevent the multiplication of feaapaor fcuapl'to de- mar^s upon nenyfpapers, and upon cards and dice, on which b-uote the for- - veral duties are, by fevefal ads of parliament impOfcd, * flail naer and the • and may belawful for the (aid corami (Eon ers, inftead ofdifliad additional (tamps or marks to denote the feveral duties on tbefpdmMf-duties. papers, and on cards and dice charged therewith, -Onpanfc, * *• they fee occafion, one. new (tamp to be ■ provided to deweerthe former duties, and aUo the duties granted by thixw&^oabowy . fuch newfpaper, and upon every pack of playingreattfe: and pm of dice, charged With the (aid (everal duties^	i.tiii 3i-	,r*.

Paperliableto IV ilml hi ii fnnlm rnsflnl hy ihn ■nrhnrisj ufiaffefelj Till heftoiptbe- aU PaPcr> *‘able *° the duties hereby charged an^aMWfpamp, fore printed flwll, before the feme (ball be ingrofled, printed,- or upon.	upon,	be brought to the head office for ftampdog a

.vellum, parchment and paper; and the feid comnwffionejsj by themfelves or by their officers employed under thetw,.(ballfefih-with, upon demand made by any penoner periods fata tuuMa time, damp or mark, as thisiaA directs, ray quantities dr pawns of paper as (hall be brought to them for that purpwfe,. tbeyt fohs fo bringing the feme paying to the receiver gbn&ral the damp duties for the time being, or his deputy or cidric, thafe-versl duties payble for the feme by virtue of this adL s~ -_■• v-AUowanee for y And be it further ena&ed by the authority xforafeid^Thst mentofdurie* ^ f*m* allowance fhall be made, on prefent paySnept of (the on cards and faid feveral duties on cards and dice, in fuch maimer as. by?any dice tn be	former law relating to cards and dice is allowed.

made.	VI. And be it further enadted by the authority oforqfaid^Thit

be’altcredMid	»the (aid commiflioners are hereby dire&cdwadaa-

renewed. - thorifed to provide and ufe to denote the feveral duties on daidi arid dice, and on newfpapers, (hall and may be aheiwrPnwflfs-newed front time to tftnc, in fuch manners# any atjpdr&dwq*i under the management of the faid commiffioncrt, af)e,(fey'bay former:1aw relating to (tamped paper, direded te be aftcreCaod renewed; . and that all perfons who (hall hare iofheir.«ftodj or pofleffion any paper marked with anyftampormaife; befec the fame (hall have been fo altered or renewed, or feme being already (tamped or marked with -a fanp er irpl denoting any former duty, a new (tamp is hereby diaefedtf robe imprefled, (hallhave the like remedy and allowance-aojj^aidy former law relating to damped paper is, in likeca(&/di®efted.

VII. iW

Digitized by

Google

vkclimo nono GeoKGii III. c. 50.	^5

jilAAdwhereas the mating aUowantes en the tone AHng of new ft pafk 1 / »l	unfM	in the bands of the refpeBhe printers mid

fmt/ijSbrvw Wtomfei^ has been found injurious to tht revenue; be qtniiitvefore further erased by rhc authority aforefaid, That, No allowance ftmm&nt after the faid firft day of Augufi one thoufand feven tobcmadefor iuMMifvd and eighty-nine, it (hall not be lawful for the faid com- nc^fpaper?* jnMEoners, or their officers appointed by them, to cancel, or ciiffe to be cancelled, any ftamps upon any copies or impreffions ■ of tech newfpapers as amrefeid, under pretence of their remain-ktg'tmfoid in the hands of the printers, publilhers, or proprietors thereof; nor to make any allowance on account of the fame, or of the prefcnt payment of any of the (aid duties, other than fuch a* ie herein-aner mentioned, any former law to the contrary flfeetvef not with (landing.

'rfS^flL And whereas it is neverthelejs expedient to compenfate, tbi ptaSndrr^puUiJberSj and proprietors of fueh newfpapers, for the left itaaynkty happen on damaged newfpapers, or in printing of more copies aftikmfpapers than may be fold; be it further enafted by the au->(harfiy afoteflid. That, from and after the faid firft day of Augufi but an abate* mam thoo&nd feven hundred and eighty-nine, the faid commif- mc5l fiqnfers (hail allow and pay, to every perfon who (hall bring at of 4lf?n any one time to the head office of ftamps to be ftamped, or buy I00l. on ofThcfeid commiffioners, or their agents, at the faid head office, ing at one paper ftamped with the refpedtive duties on newfpapers, tht	■0P

jdufaaa whereof fhall amount to the fum of ten pounds or up-wakxb, at and after the rate of four pounds in the hundred I*olands* upon prefcnt payment of the faid duties upon the faid (fepftr, to by them brought or bought of the faid commiffioners; iwtih h allowance, at and after the rate aforefaid, fhall be in lieu aftdktnftead of all former allowances directed to be made by any fanner aft or adls of parliament whatfoever.

•	And whereas an ufage prevails amongjl tke hawkers of newft ptpeh and other perfam, inflead of felling the newfpapers, to let out the fame for fmall fums to be read by different perfon s, whereby the fOef newfpapers is greath objlruQed \ be it therefore further en-

st&dd by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the faid Hawkers Jet-fi^day of Augufi one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, tinS outf^i' • if any hawker of any newfpapcr, or other perfon, (hall let out aft'} newspaper for hire to any perfon or perfons, or to different 5 * pcftins, *>r from houfe to houfe, he, (he, or they fo offending. teU forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds, to be recovered ana ap^tedasany other penalty or forfeiture may be recovered and anftKftd by any law now in force relating to the duties on ftamped tmDt parchment, and paper. -

*	xCk^ And whereas by an atl> made in the fifth year of the reign of	•

bttffafenoMejejly, intituled, An adi for altering the (lamp duties rcciu<1. wjfabjdaanffiun* into corporations or companies, and for further Atefafa^nd improving the damp duties in Great Britain, recit*

tejtftm ftxsersd sUts of parliament relating to theJiamp duties, the one *SMfi*adi itt the	thirtieth year of thereign of bis late	Jfr*

’&<*■£• tbo Smoted, and tbt other thereof made in the fetend year of *>V3o».ftXXXVI.	Uu	bit

V VI

Digitized by

Google

recited aft, for payment of the duties on advertife-rnents.

636:	Agno	*pno	Qeq^ij	If.**

hUpyefint Adajffy? qt?4 fat fa printers pupl^/herf^’ “

(	’	Jvc proprietors of nnyjpdpers% and qttyr papers andpd*?Lilfllu

fubjeti and liable to theduties on advertifements* whfreay^ happened to the revenue; it was thereby inched, That the fifth day of ^July one thaufand feytn hundred and they the commijfiohers of the fiamp da ties, nor any per Jon. e/np$gy£ by them, Jkouldjell or deliver any Jlamped paper Jor prlntjqg enj pamphlet, or any publicknews intelligence or occurrences to be ^rqoinu in any one Jbeet or any lejfer piece of paper, unlefs the perfon^dpplym for the fame JbouldfirJl give fecurity to his Majefiy for the pemkentq the duties for fa advertifements which Jbould be printed therein or thereupon: and whereas the provifion contained in the faid a6 is Mot fujficient for fa fecurity of the Jaid duty on advertifements ;~be it Proprietor* therefore enatfed, That, from and after tbe laid firfl day of A* Swars?^ one ^ou^an^ fcven hundred and eighty-nine, no printer or fecuritv re- publifher of any newfpaper now printed or publifhed, or whjch qairedbythe may hereafter be printed or publifhed, in which any adverttfe-ments, liable to the feveral duties by this or any forpricV ,a<^ dr afls impofed, (hall belnferted, /hall receive from. miflioners, or any perfon or period employed by the^;4U>’ (lamped paper for printing any fuch Intelligence or 0c^pirm|^ thereon, until the proprietor or proprietors iqrerefted^^ paper, or fuch.and fo many of the faid proprietors as are id tbe judgement of the faid commiflioners, or any three oripVt)eot them, of fufficient ability to anfwer the faid duties pay^bk oa advertifements, (hall join in the fecurity directed to befgjveAbjf the faid herein-before recited a£l of the fifth year of bis prelect Majefiy, for the pun&ual payment of the faid duties, pay^^e on fuch advertifements at the refpe£live times in that aft ap-!f advertife- pointed ; and in cafe any printer or publifher (hall print or pub-print^dbefore «<h. or caufe to be printed or published, any adver«f«ie^ fuch fecurity any *uc^ newfpaper, before he mall have delivered 40 itye,name be given, the or names of fuch proprietor or proprietors, and fuch progric^ir printer or or proprietors, or fo many of them, as the faid cpipmimope^ forfeit1 rr *? ^all ^eein necefTary, (hall have gjiven fecurity to or ci 500 . heirs ancj focceflors, for the payment of the feyera^. duties payable on advertifements which (hall be printed5	Of

,	thereupon, he, fhe, or they (hall forfeit and pay the f^o> of'ijrc

hundred pounds.	.	,	^

XI,	And in order fa more effetlually to compel thctPff^fntdoi arrears of the faid duties on advertifements* as they Jhatl yefp^lvefy from time to time arife and grow duey be it Further ena^e^VlTiat the faid commiflioners, from time to time, as often as.fneJ^id duties paj^able for advertifements fhall be in arrear and itfipaad, for the fpace of thirty days after the printing pr ppblfcatW thereof, fhall caufe to be delivered \o the printer or count thereof fucli newfpaper,' or left at the mod ufual lioufe or	far

b The com-n Pr,n*,nS fuch newfpaper, a true account in	*-

rniflionerMo fams of money which fhall from time to time	"

the printer or and fre claimtd'by the faid commiflioners to be duomj^y^,^ pubh(hcr,who fuch advertifements* ^iflingui/hing tbcriia the

If the duties on advertife-ments be unpaid for 30 days, an ac-

Digitized by

Google

A9m<^vifccfimo nona GEonfcirUf. c. go.	637

;>f	thereof;	and	the	faid proprietory printers, forthwith

iri3^aufffn^lrs of fuch newfpapcrs refpedively are hereby re-*° PaVlhc delivery of any luch account, forthwith to pay amc*

:G' the‘(ala commi fl] on e rs, or to fuch perfon or perfons as are d^oyed by them, the amount of the duties contained in fuch tfccmiltt! provided neverthelefs, if it Ihall appear on the fettle-the faid accounts before the faid commiflioners, that flatter contained in fuch newfpaper has been charged j2th-f\ich^duty, which (hail not be chargeable therewith, the m'comtoiffioners are required,to allow the fame to the faid toprietprs, printers, and publifhers refpedively, and to Arike &n foYcharge out of the faid accounts.

:	Apd	be	it	further	enabled by the authority aforefaid,

Hut all arrears of the faid duties remaining unfettled for the and if not jftcepf ten days after any fuch account in writing fhall be deli- *ftt,ciin 10 and may be fued for in his Majefty’s court of exche-	r*^

ay?rr, by adion of debt or information, in the fued for in ^ MajeAy’s attorney general, or folicitor general, in theexebe* protection, wager of law, nor more than oneWt* v^ laSrcC,:Atall be allowed; and upon every fuch adion or in-,

!d^n, a Capias in the fir A procefs fhall and may iflue, fpe-afaount of the duties fued for; and the faid proprie- *

' publifhers, and printers refpedively, againft whom fuch information fhall be brought, fhall be obliged to give ^Pof'fecurity to the amount of the duties fued for, (an affidavit hlm^f being firA made and filed in the faid court), by natural-iciftfubjeds, perfons naturalized, or denizens, to the perfon or er^^to whom fuch Capias fhall be direded, to appear in the wFtoort, at the day of the return of fuch writ, to anfwer fuch luTOripVolecurion, and fhall likewife, at the time of fuch appear-n&,j^fc.(ufficient bail or fecurity, by fuch perfons as aforefaid, i^eiald cbprt, to anfwer and pay the condemnation money in Vhe faid duties, or to yield his, her, or their body or

tfjpSMir.

And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, zhV ptrfon (hall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be Perfqqs coan* or forged, any feal, ftamp, or mark, to refemble 2,rfc,tin(S njftifflap, or mark, direded or allowed to be ufed by thisdeath, r any former ad of parliament relating to the duties on cards D^ duje^ br newfpapers, for the purpole of denoting the duties y^^Or'ipy fuch former ad of parliament granted, or fhall odrorar or fefemble the impteffion of the lame, with an in*

Mi^f6 relFCaud his MajeAy, his heirs or fucceflors, of any of the 'or fhall utter, Vend, or fell any paper, or any cards,

* apers, liable to any Aamp duty, with fuch coun-r tr^ark thereupon, knowing the fame to be coun? trflfftprivately or fraudulently ufe any feal,,ftamp, pr fOT^abreoeibr allowed to be ufed by this or any fuch former dfcHrSm	to	the	faid	A^mp	duties,	with	intent

his heirs and fucceflbrs, of any of th<? iViry perfon fo offending, and being thereof iaw-

to

U u 2

fully

Digitized by

Google

Power* ofiv’ former a6h,f not hereby altered, to

Duties to be

paid to the receiver neral of ftamps, and.

Anna videfitoo^itond Gcoraistfitt; ©358.

fully ctoviftfetf, thrill «fd}udged’#tffc^^ttM^

,4B trf'«lfiss Offafony}* Without bWBfaldfbcftlrgy; '•■•> >^nro b;.

'■ XIV.Artd be it;fbft her:ewafttds &yt**-atftheoityTderdUil, 'Thatall pOWcrsv provifions, wtfftesv'dabfet.^UAhMtdlindtar. feieotts, and diftribotions of penalties snd fbefafttiresy^sdaft orber matters and things prefcribed or appointed ^tai^MiNr eirt^’tothia aft or aft a-of parliament, relating to the done* airdtidt^ fttt, ad.	and newfpapers, and not hereby altered, ftttllbe tfMmcttiil

;■*" effeft, with relation to the additional and new rates and dotiet hereby itnpofed, and (hall be applied and pat in execution, for the railing, levying, collecting, and fecuring the faid(addtrieMl and new rates and duties; according to the maw intent and meaning of this aft, asfulty, to all intents and purpolfejVf if the fame had feverally and refpeftively been hereby re-eDitftk!

*	’ with relation to the laid additional and new rates and duties-"'

XV.	And be it further enafted by the authdfitVrttfowfiM,

That the feveral duties herein-beforC granted fhall be pilfftoai litne to time into the hands ofthe reveiver-gertfcfalftfr rho'tiee 'being of the duties on ftamped vellum, parch nfwntV*ndfjpp!r)

•	who (hall pay the fame (the neoeffarychorges ofraiifiligppajfiaj,

carried to the and accounting for the fame, being dednfted)i4to-tb*fStttpt«f consolidated ^,e exchequer, at flieh time, a\)d Jn fuch nrartneiy as thedstitt un ’	charged on ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper; a« dheAid

tobe paid; and the Aid money; to paid Into the OIitaEM^ as \ ^	- aforeftid, thall be carried to and made a part of thw-fufcd aadM

• , ,	The CmftUdaudFund.	>•»’ vre ,1:

r • XVI. And be it farther enafted by the anthorky sferefiW, That if any perfon or perfons- (haB, at any time m* ihtteS’fc fued, molefted, or profecuted, for any thing by Mm'el m done or executed ki purfuanct of this aft, or of hrff -Chuft, matter, or thing herein contained, foch perlbtv or^pevfbnlfttll Central ifftie. Or may plead the general ifliie, and give the fpecial nWtttr in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the tmVa>WVft9 ’ (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or tlie ptShdif er , •	plaintiff's become oonfuited, thenfachdefendant ofidhfcfcd&ts

Treble coftS. (hall have treble cofts awarded to him or them agtiAftfoch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

“ ^	p	a	p	t	r	1	■ ’ ^-’^ivf',c

Anaff for granting to bis Meytjly feveral additmut^ampdatm-a probate ref wills, letters of	and o/t receifuftth-

■ goats, or for any Jbare of a perftnal rjlate divided by Jafti tftks

yjlattttt of diflributitns.■ «	..<•	■■ ■• n^'v

«	.	c .	.	-'i m o fv.c

Moft gracious Sovereign,......................

Preamble. ITTT| TE your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal i fabjeftljplhe ; W commons of Great Britain, inpwliaw*feardrtanbkd,i<>-wards raifing the neceffary fupplies to defray your>Majefty’t

•	publjck expences; have rdfolved* to'give-and giant titnOyour

Majefty the duties hfcrcin-aftcr mentioned} rodooswofthutobly

- bdecchyour Majcfty that it nuyjbe enafted} and be fcdtoaftcd

■

^	'Digitized by Google

^9*1 Aju» vSttfiwwnoflO C*eR(wsiUL. Ciji.	£39

hysth<b%bH£»iPiofcqK«yt«t wiajefty, -hyiand ,with the advise and content of tb^tosds/ptefeHjd andiemporalaund commons, prom Aug. ted^^^^ |^iw^»^aff(W)Wed*a»<l jtyrtea&rtjority pf the i, 1789, the f«M^rThM;,fiwm,»fld. »ftcr thev6rft dsy oi-4ttff0 one tbowfafd foltowiog ? fcvttttJy»dnjd>imd eighty-nine, there flMl-be wiled,-Icyjed, j^'i°t“*L ’ eoUftAcdtcand paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britauj, paid on per; «OtP *nd.rfpMheni< of his Majefty, hisheks and fucceffors, the bate* of wtftt, raiesjaodduaeslbUowing; that it tofay,.	.	&c.

:ub bnn ■•■>:., - Forevery Forever? (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or ftfn,&c; piece of piper, upon which (hall be ingroffed, written, or print-ed» aoyprobatc of a wdl, or letters of adminiftration for any or upwards, * eflatc ofor above the value of three hundred pounds; over and so*, above, ail other rates and duties already impaled thereon,* there Where 600I. Ihsttibo charged an additional duty of twenty (hillings; and ®,r “P^#rd*» Wbiieltbe eftate is oftorabove the value of fix hundred pounds, where roool. efoifthef additional duty of thirty (hillings; and where the eftate and upwards,* isefwv sfiOVethe-valoeof one thoufand pounds, a further ad- J1-ittonaldutyiof two pounds ten (hillings; and where the eftate Where i.oool. iH:M')OW>>abovo the value of two thoufand pounds, a further 51,^**™** adfitinoaliduty of three pounds ten (hillings; and where the,nd where, efofe-i*tof or above the value of five tfaeuftnd pounds, a further 5,000!. and idditfofsalduty of five pounds;	upwards,

s ifcs-flvuny (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or **'' ,0,• pfct»»fipaper, upon which (haH be engrofied, written or print-	re*

«d, any receipt, or other difeharge given for any legacy left by ieJ,cy,orfor jHpwiil, oriothec teftansentaryinftrument, or for any mare of a a mare’ of a perihiwl eftate divided or diftributed by-force of the ftatute of perfonal ef-diiributiens, or the cvflom of any province or place, the amount,at* divided Wtlfteef (fraU be four hundred pounds, there (hall be charged an ]■[“, *tre 0f iftdiriOMl^ampduty of twenty (hillings j and upon every further diftributions, fWiO&.on* hundred pounds; lb left by any will or other tefta- to thea-JMPtanf&ftcument, de for any part or (hare of a perfonal eftate divided «r diftributed by force ■of the ftatute of diftributions, or dat*yof io«.-■tfaMWftW .of any province orplace, a like additional damp dmy and for every of tftMfft (hillings..	'	forthevfum

... of tool, alike

Provided that nothing in this adl contained (hall extend to dutyoflos. charge the probate of any will or letters of adminiftratroh of any ^hisaft not eouMaanrfeaman. orfotdier, who (hall be (lain or dieiii his Ma- to extend to jefty’ftferwicet a. certificate being produced from the eaprsih of the wills of tlfo ihtp\or veflelv or captain of che troop or company, under failors or fol-whom fuch feaman or foldier ferved at the rime of hts death, ^'v"8 and oath made of the truth thereof before the proper judge or Majefty’a for-' officer by whom fuch probate or adminiftration ought to be vice; ;!grfMB!4drthicfedath>focfr judgeorofficer is hereby required tnd oavfttbrifodi to adcuinifter,. and for which no fee or rewafo (hall iKnjUtftrhvov vn ->»

j«/Qii*&oivdedslways,and be ib enaded, That nothing in Hi is nortole-''htitCbfttMiaed (hall extend to-clnqge with.the additional dufies ^jfc'Ch?l- * tft fcnppfrd, any legacy left by ody will, or other tefta- dren, or

U u 3 *	mentary	grand-chil-

Digitized by Google

*

$40	Cutfi. [^89,

4rrn of t*e ? IfliWtJ«y. jnftf mnt rtfvWW	rflfi dh*l Afeatt D<

Itftator. ' :	.diftritwww Of rtlmifuftvmftf, <*$ jaWwiftfO tJf)-pk»CtW*fc«fc

' ' ,mjjl be fp.dcvifeflr «rdM^bMtetl,,{o. [#«pi^{k

or. gf a>)d, ,-phj|dfea of tb^ip«iioivnwfc«ig.'AKfa»*iit»ri*6i». me^urymdfuwcnr* ; ,,	,	.	,, :v [dt wai 'renro*

lil. And be it further enabled bythe authoriry;af«fcfeid. ^dt,e>th°^ ^at, far-iho. more effectual levyiag, todectiofv and 'management the **a,cl duties hereirvbcfpre granted, the /am* fhaH bco«odcr of the5com- the government, care, and irianagemeiHof tfceromtmtfioQcrs miflinneraof for the:time being appointed to manage the d wksr^h&rgisd^iia ftampe. ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper* who, or jbctniajac*)*fr of thetprare hcreby.requircd anJ irppowered to eaaploy*fcc«* ccifery officers under them tor that purpofc,; andto ©aufct&ek new (lamps to be provided, to denote the laid feveral new laud nd dilional duties rcfpeclivcly, as (hall be requifitt in tha* JbehikJC*o<l tp do all oUter thingsi^eceffary to be dcmftfpr puttjn^rthte execution,, with relation to ithe (aid feveral rd utica bfrtftefaetare granted, in the hke, and in as full and ample a?<mM&,,i»thqfc pr the major part of tliem, ^ire- aut^oca£p^ io put jniCMQttJQO any former law concerning Aaaipedt vedum, parchompur

t: JV,, grpyided ajw»y*, and be it further cna&rdjbyth«dw* One ftamp thority afoiefaid, That, to prevent! the multipkcatiunbbftamps vided toPde- WWj-fah pieces of veWttco or parchmca** or fhcets ©rpOTiot' note the for-	9P wl)icb feveral duties are by feveral adsxtf pariiamft

mer and the impofed, it (hall and may belawfulior the faid coaimSttsJrn* p^efentdu- ipfte^djpf d$in<5t (lamp*. to denote theSeveral duties on ttrnfc ***** ’ ^utn^jparchjnent, and paper, charged therewith, tooaufo^diAqr

one new.ftamp tpbe proxidedto denofetbeddmer £utie$, and alfo the duties^granted by this a&, on	piececf

vellum or,parchment, or (hcet or piece of paper, bba^lwidi the faid feveral duties.	...	• •.<	o	f;ii-

Vellum, &c. V, ^nd be U further; enacted by thoaathprity afbitefeM,.Tbat duties^to be ^ vfiJIpW> parchment,, and paper, cU«We do th<r:dttcfei;fc««ty ftampedbe-	before ihe. fa me. (hall bed ngrofftd, pci Qted^or

fore written written upon, be brought to the head office for iHmpanp ioc upou*	marking vellum, parchment, and paper; and the faid co«nft*

fioners^ by themfcWe^ or by^their oftiecr$oeavpk)yed underrate^ #$1 for(Jiwith, upon demand to thein.^nade.byjan^.pedbo Of P^!(pnf» frppi.tiotoJQ tiiOQ,.ftamp orraark,\as;thial»&divc^ ^>yrqpantjtics or parcel* of veHum* parcbmenapor papet;a&iiiaU be bought to them for that pnrpoJfe, the peribo& fo bringing ths fame paying, to the receiver -general of thoftaimp dotics.fcmihe Mffit being, orhis deputy or clerk, (hefecccal duties-pay hbk (ac the fame by virtue, of this adt^ ,	, ' i . n .. j he win

yi,( And be it fqrther enabled, by/the authority.aforp&id^ Allowa%efor ifl^t the feme allowaooe (hall be <madejQu pccfetit -pcyinefrt of mentPl l^e ^evera^ duties granted by this a<5t, and in fuch memuy made/0" " 1 W any former law reiating to daojped veUiim, pttchmtot, apd paper, is allowed-	,	’	1	5..-

YUt And be it.fumber enadted by the .autborityiafaBrfad,

That

Digitized by YiOoq ie

i$gi] Anno .tttcfkM' nono Gto&Gri III. C. $j.	£41

iThwftfch> Mmps*r rtur fan comn^<»efrare hereby aijWrtfd Stwptmar sWauriwiiifed'td proviJk art# ufe, fhall tfld m*y be altered and be lDd **wed/^rofe tfmeWMiWe, in ftich manner as any other ft46i^s renewe management <>of the (arid comtiiiflloners are, by liny former law relating to (tamped vellum, parchment, and papCr, Antitedcurbe altered and renewed; and that all perrons* ho ifcdHwvc In theiv euftody tar poffeflion any vellum, parchment, ’ : oT paperi, marked with any (lamp or mark before the fame (hall ftaae'been fo altered or renewed, or on which, the fame being atready ftimped or marked with a (lamp of mark denoting any fcnmrduty, anew ftampis hereby directed to be imprefled,

(half have the like remedy and allowance as by any former law.

Mating to (tamped vellum, parchment, or paper, is, in like cafes,.

WCOVCQ.

kiVJIlv Artd be it farther enafied by the authority aforefaid, flFfat Knarry period (Hall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be eoUfrierfetted or forged, any Teal, ftamp, or mark, to refemble or mark, directed or allowed to be ufed by this or wry formeradt of parliament, for the purpofe of denoting the duties by ^hia or any foch former adl of parliament granted, dr (hail counterfeit or refemble the impreflion of the fame, with an iofemtodefraodhis Majefly, his heirs or fucccffors, of any of Ifcejfirid’dutte*; or fhal) utter, vend or fell, any vellum, parch-tuenvor paper, liable to any ftamp duty, with fuch counterfeit (bmp or mark thereupon, knowing the fame to be counterfeit; Or(hait privately or fraudulently ufe any fea), ftamp, or mark* dbteted or allowed to be ufed by this or any fuch former a<ft of puKiment relating to the faid ftamp duties, with intent to de-ftwd his Majcfty, his heirs and fucceflbrs* of any of the faid fcdts^ every perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully dlbtiGtafcibaU be adjudged a felop, and (hall fuffer death as in Cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

oe it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, What till powers, provifiohs, articles, claufes, penalties and for* fctdrety and diftributiorts of penalties and forfeitures, and aH ^nd things preferibed or appointed by any forme* a&nor^a&s of parliament relating to the duties on vellum, parchment, and paper* on which any probate of a will, letters if adhnniftratiori, or receipt or difeharge for any legacy, (hdil Wmgroffed* Written, or printed, and not hereby altered, (ha’ll Be fa 11 force and efiedt with relation to the additional and’nbw rotef; and: duties hereby impofcd, and (hall be applied and put rn executionifortthe raifing, levying, colle&ing, and fecorin^, fhe fast idditiqnal and new rates and duties, according to tiSe true intent and meaning of this adt, as fully, to all intents and ptttu pbfea^aaif the fame had fcverally and refpedivdy been hereby foenadted with relatioato the faid additional and new rates and diniesur < .

. rXuiAxal be it farther eroded by the authority aforefaid, That the feveral duties herein-before granted ihittbe paid, from tlttte tb time,!into the hands of thoreceiver^geiwhl for itkrim* being

U u 4	of

1	1	Digitized	by	Gc	)gle

Perfons cotin-terfeitine ftanpi, See, to fuffer death.

• r -.rf ’ * ■ 1 »*

Powers of ,

fo*KerJ& •>

not hereby,, altered, toVk-tendtothuir act.

Duties to be paid to the receiver-general of ftamp duties, and

1

1

1

642

carried to the

confolidated

lund.

General iflfue. Treble cofta.

Preamble.

%6 Geo. 3. c. xoi.and

o$Geo- $« .

c. *$, re, Cltcd^

AHpq^iofltq^noaoGeoartJWTfl^iC.c^A

of‘ jdu tie	ped>Attil mb, ,;parah awhr,	wfe»

fluU pay-the &me»4hp /ltc^flkcjixhatgeBijtiatliog; f>afUs|,3gbd accqppflng fqr thete(04'h*iag de4u£te<^ inraitbdwceIpcVifcsti*. exchequer, - 91; fecji; tifne» and>J»tfud» *a*mtir	<*• .qfedk.

charged pp ft^ppped .vellum, parchmeijt^aad.pijiefc, aroatiS^B*

,to.be paid.} a ad the (aid money, lupoid iwo rha6»dqr*et*prib. afordaid, (halt be carried to and nude a,pan ofaipyiabd dadltd *fbt Confclnktfd Fuad.	-.ixfi: «j to ir

XI.	And be R further enaded by tire authority'

That if any p«rfoa or perions (hall, at any time-or imw, be fued, molcfted, or profecuted, for any thing by him or chop done or executed in pursuance of thtt a&, or of amielarfb matter or thing herein contained, fuch perfbn or perienK'QpiU or may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecisl <»ange in evidence for bis nr their defence; and if.upon the trial a tonftft fhall pafs for. the defendant or defendants, or the pIaiqUfT.ur plaintiffs become nop (luted, then fuch defendant or dcfand«rtb fhall have treble cods awarded to him.ortheipa§<ai«ift ifuct> plaintiff or plaintiffs. .	;.	wt» sc.j

"	,	>	,y j'S . >IE i."13«0».l

.	'	Q	A p.	.	•	“	Utij/J fvt:

An afl to give further powers to the com rrnffioners for

tain ligbtbeufet in the northern parts *jf Great Britain. L '/f

WHEREAS by an afty pajfed in the twenty-fixtb je&[ efhit prefent Mdjejly's reign, intituled\ An aft for	Wv..

taitl lighthoufes in the northern parts of Great eommlffioners therein named were enabled, for thefe^r^tj^f #qzdi* tion and the fjheries, to ereft four lightloufes in the northern. Pfrfaof Great Britain, one at Kipnard’s Head in the county ^Abertjc#*, one on the ijland of Noph Ranaldlhaw in.top Orkney*, o^e^mjbt point ^Scalpa in the ijland $/Herries, anil a fourth ou	amil if

Kintyrc; and to collect and receive certain Julies upon Jhipepoffim any of the /aid lighthoufes, and to exercife the powers qndi\ irppk, therein mentioned: and whereas by another aQ^ pajfed in dfeA&irttjb : eighth year of his prefent Majejlfs reign, intituled,^ Ar* render more effeftual an aft, pafled in the twenty-ftj$tb^ywfiff.-his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An afl for ereflipgcertfit fighthoufes in the northern parts of Great Britain, cpxtaiq, a4djti-pnal powers and Authorities were given to the faid co^a>ii?#}iK ers: and whereas the four lighthoufes therein defer ibid, Jntvf bene eretted\ and particularly a lightboufe at a place called *Fhe M&> chants, on the foutb-wejl point of the mull of KLiiuyr*, wkyb.it found to be of great importance to the navigation of fbip< faffing to and from the northern channel, but not to /hips pajftng to^d/rm the frith of Clyde, through the foul hern channel: and where# it would Conduce greatly to the fecurity of fuch navigation tbroH&bjhe \farthern channel, if another tigbibouje was ere bled ypQf* the Jmtk end of the ijland of Arran, or upon the little iffitui	mar

f he fame, which may be done witboift qny increase of the dutief tooth*? . rijed to be levied by the faid two recited Qfls :d may it therefore

Digitized by Google

Aiip vio^QhWOMM<3EOKOU:|te>^$&r	643

thatit may in crafted'}' *diid1 be" ft'cnarftted: f1 Y*. ’, '... )Ltbcflfjoft. excellent majefty, by ahd with thfeadVicfc'- „ -ldlcctfant*>£ the lords fpmtual and tetto pored, ahd fcomrtionsy'* tdfeMlpraiihihpariiaaieat aflfembled, andby the authority afiBe ' fe^That it /hall and may be lawful to and for the faid com- and the com* rabntes» orany fiye «r mope of them, to ereft, or caufe to be1raiflionere au-hAwL hkbgbtboufe:iac>eon*edient fituation upon the’ fouth.	t_

>d of the ifland of Arran* or upon the iiland of Plada npar the boUfe ODsthe* (jftifiwitih fitch other buildings and conveniences as to themifland of Arad appear neceflary ; and aim to ereft, or caufe to be erefted, or ifland faratf ur wharf for landing materials neceflary for the build- °* F,*da>etc* fifed .maintaining the faid lighthoufe, and to make, or caufe >{bt(made, a road or roads from the faid bread or wharf to the >(|i hghthoufe, and to contraft and agree with the owner or |ttdrt>and occupiers of lands, lying and fituated at the places <&(&),: end mod convenient for erefting the faid lighthoufe wMbmatcommodatMuis, for fo much land as may be necef* tfeefcid purpofes, and (hall pay (uch raceand confident* m for the fame as (ball be agreed on between the faid com* iffioners and the owner or owners and occupiers of fuch nds, either by abfolute purchafe, or by payment of a rent or iruin.atonuaj fum for the lame.

IL And wbercai it may happen that the owner or owners, or tupier or occupiers of fuch land may inftjl on too high prices or rents rite, fame, or through infancy, minority, deft El of the title deem,: aenPruteit, debts, or other difabilines or it may be difficult ifontf valid and legal rights to fome of the properties ' eftifbribtft purpofa; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by Authority aforefaid. That under any' of the circumftances Commit-'^Iftffribed, it (hall Be lawful for the fa/d cotnmifiloners, fioneweoptw ;tf6y are hereby authorfed to apply’to the (heri/f depute ofcewl *“ iirtty%here the lands He, and to proceed in the mannerJJ^aJ.'dtwthe iil^f by tbe faid fird mentioned aft, in order to have the rgeitedafts, mfe'tHefeorafcertained and the right made effeftual; and the where dif-rctaf powefs apd authorities which are conferred upon themf^^M*!**. ^cthr faid'two recited acts, are hereby alfo given, and id# modes df proceeding (hall be followed relative to the afore- {»«ceffary to -' idfiffh ltghthoufe, as with regard to the others already ereftshe purchafed I,^Higher duties being exigible for the whole five lighthoufes .for.thei>“r* i»ri-thnr<j authorHed by the faid lad mentioned aft, but which g°c. * ifer fhaH'tie wholly exigible at the times, and in the manner ’ ectfiidihthe faid lad recited aft, without waiting till the-fifth : jhthbUfeauthorifed by this prefent aft (hall be completed, ill Id And whereas it may be necejfary, for the purpofe of complet- . t ’■fhepdidf/tb' hghthoufe, to borrow a further fum of money, be if , isftdd'by fhe authority aforefaid, That the faid commiflion- and mar bor-s, Or kOy ^vei or more of them, (hall be, and they are hereby P" f ^!»r npofered'ahd declared to have full power and lawful autho- 0 tywanyttrife or times hereafter, by any mortgage or mart- ., iges^ Of any aft or afts, deed or deeds, under their hands duly . ccouttd, ‘td Borrow pr take up at a rate of littered not exceed*

u'.'r.	ing

Digitized by Google

Commiffion-cra may erect other light-hoiifes, whenever the duties will enable them,'

and may elect the chief magi ftrate of the neareft royal bofrougVand tht<he>iff « depute ofl the nettrtftecum, tyjtbbecom-mitiffoners.

No perforT* conccrned'iri any Contract under the act to be a com- ' roiflioncr.

Fublick act.

- % - * • Preamble,

Antic v?defimd nono

fog the lawful iriteTeft, in addition to the Tunis taken up and borrowed by thefaid^fts, a further {feeding twd thouCand pounds ’ft&fihg,' ‘upon; rbg^in^^M credit of the duties granted as hfbreffa^d, for aniWttib^WW pince of making and completing the ftid lighthotffl?ahtf ti&i works, and fuch further fum as (hair be fufficlfehV trf® charge the expence of obtaining and paffing thV'iW; ahfto aflign fuch duties to any perfori or perfons, body pofitftrtr corporate, who fhall furnifh or advance fuch money, bfiflj part thereof, as a fecurity for the repayment of the fafoe. ' ,n:

IV.	And whereas the feveral lighthoufes already eteSel found of great benefit to the navigation of the horthfeasffid whereas, conftdering the danger 'of navigating ihefe fens, fiailkiktij in the dark ttmpfiuous feafon of the year, more 'Rghthzufts conduce to the fdfety of /hips, and prifervation of the lives offfiSm^ be it enafted by the authority afofefaid. That if* (hall ind^^ be lawful foyr the faid co m mi fli oners, whenever the pnwucf ot (he prefent duties on the tonnage of Ihips will enable th*3m to ereft other lighthoufes, to caufe fuch other lighthobfts tube erefted upon any part's of the coaft of Scotland as they (hilldeem to be neceffary, and for that purpofe to exercilfc the farnep&rtd which have been granted for erecting the lighthoufes ^entfonrtf in this and the aforefaid afts of the twenty-fixtif and twehty-eighth years of his prefent Majefty*s reign,

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority afbrd&H,

That when any new lighthoufe fhall be erefted on any pin of the coaft of Scotland, it fhall be Tawfdf for the cdmmrflrortefitbr the time being to eleft the ptovoft or chief magistrate of the neareft royal borough, and alfo the fheriff depute ofxhtrifcd county-to'the faid new eredled lighthoufe, to^be cofomifliortm for executing the powers contained in thik and tbe (aid fonter afts.	ir '	"	'	''	:cV	i,r

VI.	Provided always, and be it enabled. That rs6 '^effort

concerned in any contraft for building or lighting the Kd lighthoufes, fhall be a commiffioner for executing thik or the faid former afts.	^

VJI. And. be it further enafted by the authority afbrcffid, That this aft fhall be deemed, taken, and allowed, in all tcorh of law or equity, as a publick aft; and al! judges and jdfficfiCf foch courts are hereby required to take notice thereof *s fcdh, without fpecially pleading the fame.	•	ir

*	CAP.	LIII.

4n aQ for further encouraging and regulating tbe Newfatu^Ua^ Greenland, and foutbtrn whale fijberUu

WHEREAS, as well by immemorial ufage as by the ptf* /tons of former laws, the right and privilege of dryingfijhn the ijland ^/‘ Newfoundland do not belong to any of his My eft} I ftibjeffr arriving there, except from Great Britain, or we oy h Majeflfs irnimms in Europe ; /ir preventing frauds, and tbhtty

bm

r&p)] ^no-vk»fifBO nono GEORGll III. G. 53.	6f5

fff-fcqpptgU bis Majtfifj faid fctjeflt Great Britain, and of iff jp9£rBrinlLnifope, the full advantages of the fi/hery out thence, and of drying fijb on the /bores of the ifland of be it declared and ena&cd by the King’s moft by and with the advice and confcnt of the uakand temporal, and commons, in this prefent par-affippbled, and by the authority of the fame. That no No fifb, tin* -taken or caught by any of his Majefty’s fubje&s, or other lefs caught by atoVingtit Newfoundland or its dependencies, or on the Qr<|atBritain »nksr of^thc fajd ifland, except from Great Britain, or one of 0f t^c Bri-uoi Britijb dominions in Europe, (hall be permitted to be landed cifh domini-r;dryed^on the faid ifland of Newfoundland, always excepting one in Europe, te^rights granted by treaty to the fubjedfs of his moft chriftian drie^at4 (ancity, on that part of the ifland of Newfoundland beginning Ncwf0und-\.CafH Saint John, pafling to the north and defeending by the land, the icmerp, coaft of the laid ifland to the place called Cape Raye.	right at ceded

0tt^ f^ndwbereas it is thought expedient that the owners of /hips * x™tJjcncil mpfoyfA in the Greenland fijhery Jbould be allowed to receive the e P ORnty grafted by ah aft, puffed in the twenty fsxtb year of his fffl^to'/nnjefifs reigh, intituled, An atft for the further fupport a6 Geo. j. . ^.encouragement of the fifheries carried on in the Greenland c.41. recited. teas and Davis's Streights, although fuch /hips depart from tbofe reas hef pm he tenth day of Auguft then followings and although they >r not laden with the quantity of whale fins, and of oil or blubber in Proportion thereto, required by the /aid aft, in cafe it /hall appear by *he log booh of fuch /hips, tbqt they have not departed from thofe feas ilflstbe. \end offixteen weeks from the day they refpeflively failed from tl}t ports where they were furveyei and cleared out $ be it therefore further, enadted. That any owner or owners of any ftiip or After Jao. fr vefiei fhall be allowed and intitled to receive the bounty grant- *79°» fWps t* ed,hy the faid adt, for any (hrp’which (hall havo proceeded, or ^/bbu^es^ (hall proceed upon the faid whale fifhery from any port of granted by the Great Britain, or the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, or Men, after recited ait, ihe fir& day of January one thoufand (even hundred and ninety, Jj1** fojfj and ftulj have failed, or (hall fail from the port where (he was ycarty[\h<?* furveyed and cleared out, diredtly on her intended voyage on or they Ie4ve the bcfqqfe the t^nthxUy of April in each and every year, although Greenland (he (hall depart from the Greenland feas or Davis1 s Sleights, or th^^^ept Teas, before the tenth day of Augujl then following, ^ffo^Aug.1 aalthough The (hall not be laden, if of the burden of three 10, following, hundred tons, with thirty tons of oil, or blubber in proportion and (hall not thereto, the blubber to be rated with refpedt to the oil as three l*den to two, and one ton and a half of whale fins 5 or if (he be of greater or letter burthen, with a quantity of oil or blubber and onl 0f the whifeTirts irt like proportion to the tonnage of fuch (hip, being recited a&, the produce of one or more whale or whales, caught by the upon the crew There of, or with the afliftance of the crew of fome other ^npio^cU Ikenfcd (hip, in cafe it (hall appear by the log book of ft) A	'

(hip that (he had continued with her crew in the faid feas, diligently endeavouring to catch whales or other creatures living in thole feas, and did not depart from thence till the expiration of

fixteen

Digitized by

Google

Anno/vitflfinpp^no	c.3g*

fixtecn weeks from the time of her-failing, frojn-*hf.pqp!tv»|iw* Hie (hall have been furyeyed and cleared\dut* provided {neb ftf , (hall not.have touched at any other port during bet voyage, and fhall have complied^ with all the otherregulations, .qsndift-pns, and Ydlri&iona, iuapofed by the faid ad. N	v	-^

III.	And whereas by an oil pajud	twenty* eighth^*** ofha

ti Geo.;, prefent Majefly's reign, intituled, An ad for Jwnendi^g^an-c. 10. recited, made in the twenty-fixth year of his prefent Majefty’a. mf[ft, and after paff.y-^ ^ encouragemeutof the whale fifiery, v>d far atabpg the three ’ further provisions for that purpofe,	toe	three	vfjfc

ihips entitled which are intitled to the premium therein grmted en tjbar daubing to the boon- Cape Horn, or pajfing through the Straight* ^Magellan, aror*~ ties therehy quirednot to return in left time than eighteen months,mdHU doubUngCape	thoughtJufikienl that ftuh	fli or be obliged to mfpm

Horn, or pafb out no longer than ftxUen months; be it therefore further ensQsi ing through by the authority aforefaid, That the owner or owncraq^ feohjpf t^Stre'gbt. tilc faid t|Uee (hips or veffels which fhall fgil after the paifeg to beentitUd (^s a<^> lhall be inthled to the laid additional premoioUr^Rh** thereto, if ed by the faid ad of the twenty-eighth year of hi». fyafent.Ma-they (hall not jeftyfs reign, under the conditions, regu)ationsKand "tuminkf> id the faid act mentioned, in cafe.fuch (hips or yedeif months and fe{uin in Ids time than fixteeo. months, from the-fiepe of,her by Dec.’ 10, clearing out, and on or before tbp firft day of Detention in.# in the feemid fecond year-after that in which fuch (hip or vpffcliball ftpc year after fitted and cleared out. ,	,	■-> ■ nr to

clearing out. jV. Ayd whereas doubts have arifen whether Owners of flip cr heft'd flail be intitled to the premiums granted hfJihd o'vin* with mentioneda(ts,	pajfod in the and tUMuty^jigfyhl*#Hf

theortierco*- ki*	prefent Myejty's	reign, unleft fiuh ftup hacetkoe

ditkm* ot the	ed out	fpceiaUy	for the rtjpeclive latitude* therein Jpt&fied :bt *

further declared and pna&ed by the authority aforefei dg the owner or owners of any ftup or vefiel fhall not;bopbigji mium«!tho' to.clear out Specially for the rcfpe&ivclatitudes fpoctfiod igtfae they do not faid aifls, but (hall be intitled to the premiums ihcrebytj^efltf4? dear out on complying with all the other conditions, regulation*, jgid fpeciaUvfttr reftriilions impofed by the faid adls.	b-	wciV

therein foeet- V. And whereas by an ad made end puffed in thubtpfatffxtb Bed.	year of the reign of bis prefent Mayefty, intituled, Ana^f xfothti*

s • Geo. 3. further fupport and encouragement of the fifherie* patriot«gvf> «• 4i.	. the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, it is amoug jtther;\t^gi

tnaded,	That everyJbip /ballhave on board	apprentuoti, imhutthtfi

, far tit	/pace of. three years at the leaf, who fhall	ruacoedtfbiH

• • of eighteen years, nor be under fourteen years of age,aptht timed Jball be fo indentured, in the proportion of one apprtnfi&.0.fhajtAl for every thirty-five tons burthen, und one frejh or, gretp 00 for every fifty tom burthen, which appreutiees and firejfi,e*(gtjaan1U0 fhall be accounted in the number of men required	t&htttdfiifb

Jbip as aforefaid: and whereas by an other ad mode-	Hfi*

•6 Geo. J.	twenty-fixthyear of bis prtfent	fftfer

c-so,	the encouragement of the fouthern whale fifhery, it k,amdgiffhtr

. things enadtdi Tbqt no premim.granud by \kgt ad jh& if

,

^ k	Digitized by Google

Afifto	nonaXjirolfGlf	Iff*	C.	5$.	$47

ptrfoni Whatever^ forj tritti 6ccfafit of'dttf ^^^jfollhnpkyeddtPthd afortfavdfifbtry, unhfi fmb fkip or vefo tifefMtbWi dnbbard ah apprentice indentured for the /pace tf tbrte WB&tiPtb&^fyfyffor e&ty fifty tens burthen of fitch flip or veflif tip rfmeafurement* eveTy fitch apprentice riot exceeding the age of eighteen WJ WWfahg Outdorfokrteed years, at the time he flail be fo indtn-#•d^^afi^mfffOs by another aft, made and faffed in the twenty* d/Mje&ifoibt reign of hit prefent Majefly, intituled. An ad fot RT1(Jl8 ^Q-l* ad,- made in the twenty-fixth year of his prefent c'*°* rccited* ty*s tt\p\,for the encouragement of the fouthern whale fiflery, w making further provifions for that purpofe, it is, among/! rflef things, matted. That the feveral additional premiums granted fflhdf Oft flail be paid in fucb and the like manner, and under fuch

SWr Kit conditions, rules, regulations, and refiriftions, as are di-^ Jd[bt$prrfcribed in and by the [aid aft, made and paffed in the " A~‘^fotib year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled\ An I flte dfleburagement ot the fouthern whale filhery.: and n? if ^expedient that provifion floufd be made to oblige the \eWdfflips or vejfcls, or the per font to whom apprentices flail be ^^tn{pkjfidnce of wt afts herein-before refpeftively recited, to yfeft apprentices in their fervice for the time they flail be inden-weft ft therefore further enaded by the authority afore-

TT*if^ft6nr and after tfce firft day of January one thou- After Jam t, KM hundred and ninety, if the matter of any (hip or 1790* any rcffcl, or any other perfon or perfons whatever, to whom any ap- **1* W^ideWiapprentices (hall be indentured purfuant to the faid Apprentice, lAi^ihVbefore recited ads, (hhll permit or fuffer any fuch ap- indentured . rtWftd OV apprentices to ^ufr, leave, or depart, his or their purfuant to WiktWi arty pretence whatever, except as herein-after is pro-Wid,< befofd the expiration of the term for which he or they hig fervid befell bfe bbUnd, every fuch mJlftef or other perfon (hall forfeit fore the expi-B^^y^fb^ each and every offence, the fum of fifty pounds; ration of bis btlfe fobiwredby adron of debt, bHl, plaint, or information, J*™*!0 *or" courts of record, in which no wager of™ 5o1, Wr^^hd effoin, nor any more than one imparlance, (hall be Ifowed.

‘tyft*W>vMca nevcrthelefs, That nothing herein contained tmiefofoch or be confftued to extend, to inflid the aforefaid WuCDticS^ ttihkf ' Winy cafe where any apprentice or apprentices (hall he gtolf^lfchjftged before a magittrate or juftice of the peace, or giftratc,or * thlfw tutned over from one perfon to another perfon, concerned turned over 1 dllfon bf (tit aforefaid (Hheries, to ferve the remainder of histo another hwOt fbch fHhcries, purfuant to the diredions of the faid ads SsTcrt,,n thc ere^-before recited.	- Mftherws.

Vlf. Provided alfo, and it is hereby declared, That no tobepaUiun-Mtttty’itfpremiufn (hall be paid or allowed by virtue of the der the recit-i^ Nntdi afis, or either of them, in any cafe, unlcfs there ed afts, unlefs aft •Wrnfti'ted In the indenture or indentures of each and Jhe Mmes of £ty 'apprentice or apprentices, who (hall be indentured by Sddch rt«l#c^tfce faid recited a&s, or either of them, or who (hall apprentices >fArite<Hjfcr from one perfon to another, puffusmtto this adt, are bound to

t	the (erre, be in-

Digitized by Google

648	Anno	viedifrrt>norroXjEOROHIHvC;$4,

ferted in the the name or names of the fhjp or ye(£el, or (hips or vefiels, on

indentures, board of which fuch apprentice or’apprentices is or arc bound

to ferve*	'	.	v.v.

This adt not VIII. Provided aUo5 TI}at nothing in tjjis

to extend to or be conilrued to extend, to take away any bounty p$$renuw

out^nd*^ wkich may become due by virtue, of the laid re^itedua3**Ar

which”(hall either of them, in any cafe where the (hip or	hx*

have failed, Iona fide cleared out on the iirfiery, and proceeded iran-Gtffi

before the	Britain, before the commencement of this adt.

commence-

ment thereof.

CAP. LtV.	//

An adt for further continuing an adt made in the twenty-third year af the reign of his prefent M*jefty, intituled, An adt for the moree^e* tual encouragement of the manufadtures of flax and coUoatn G*uk Britain.

Geo. 3. c. 77, continued till March ay, 1793.

CAP. LV.

,	I

An adt to continue feveral laws therein mentioned, relative to the befttf encouragement of the making of fail cloth in Great Britain; to the encouragement of the filk manufadtures; and for takiug off ferrrzf duties on merchandize exported, aud reducing other dutiea; to the ^ree importation of cochineal and indigo; to the prohibiting the**-portation of books reprinted abroad, and firft compofcd, written, 1*1 printed fn Great Britain; to fecuring the duties upon foreign made fail cloth, and charging foreign-made fails with a duty; to the prohibiting the importation of foreign wrought filks and velvets; tofte difeontinuing the duties payable upon the importation of tallow*he? lard, and greafe; to the prohibiting the exportation of took and utenfiJs made life of in the iron and fteel manufadtures of this kioy-dom, and to prevent the reducing of artificers and workmen, employed in thofe manufactures, to go into parts beyond the fete; i&4 to the afeertaining the ftrength of fpirits by Clarke's.hydrometer.

33 Geo. a. c. 17. for the encouragement of the making of fail cloth to Great Britain, continued to Sept. 29, 1795, See. t% Annas, ftat. r.c.i6» recited. From Sept, 29, 1789. the reward given by the recited to be paid for fails exported unlefs they be ftamped before (hipping; and if afterwards they are not adtually exported, &c. to be fortei^ed^ So much of 8 Geo. x. c. 15. as relates to the encouragement of the nit manufactures of this kingdom, and to the taking off feveral duties da merchandize exported, continued to June 24,1795* &c. yOeo. i. cd. for the free importation of cochineal and indigo, continued to Sept % 1795, See. So much of zs Geo. 2. c. 36. as relates to the prohibit** the importation of books reprinted abroad, and firft compdfed pr written and printed in Great Bntain, continued to Sept. 29, 1795, &c;# ty Geo. *. c. 27. for the more effectual fecuring the duties oft facrigO' made fail cloth imported, continued to June 24* 1795, &c*. ‘d G«* $. c. 28. fo far as relates to the prohibiting the importation of forest wrought filka and velvets, continued to June 14, *795* &c. 7 Geo. c. 12. to difcontinue the duties payable upon the importation of tyllo*, etc. continued to March 25,1791, etc. %6 Geo. 3. c% 89. to exten^to other tools and utenfils 25 Geo. 3. c. 67. for prohibiting tike eipeit^ lion of tools made ufe of in the iron and fteel manufadtoriev, confiajiwl to the end of the next feflion. So much of 27 Geo, 3. c. jr, jb direflt-that all Ijpirits (hall be deemed of the ftrength denoted by CUi^e* hydrometer, continued to the end of the next feflion.

CAP.

Digitized by Google

8#.], Anno ^kcfunfi

. A

V. r<,ui; '’	1	-A'' W r \TX	■

10	w/hXJ«.'N	njLi	•/ ' * ^’tod

•____ j______jv ______ r«	i./r	j	•	*t.. »./^AVjH OJ

if.	Vi

-ulAld 31G

i aft for explaining and amending an aft, peifftd ia the UffJJion ofpttHidn^eit, intituled,1 Ah a^V for rcguTating rhfe;traoe *bc-tWWtt	df;hi^M4fd^^cofdhl^^nd	pfahtationsir>T‘J ± .	-

North] Atifrk*, atvd rft:\ht WminAiti lflahd^'darfd the coun-’ bfcMngihg't& the'Gfhftid States of Ameriid ; and between hVMSfjefl^faMTdbjfefts adtf ilie foreign iflands in the Weft

Indies.

«

V HERE AS by an aft, pafjled in the twenty- eighth year of’Preamble the reign of bis pnfent Majefty, intituled, An a<ft for re- ag 3 latiag the trade between the fubje&s of his Majefty’s c lonies c, $. recit i plantations in North America, and in the Weft India iflands, countries belonging to the United States of America; d between his Majefty’s faid fubje&s and the foreign iflands the Weft Indies, it is, among ft other things, enafttd\ That no toco, pitch, tar, turpentine, hemp, yfo*, mafts, yards, bowfprits, ves, heading-boards, timber, Jbingles, or lumber of any fort; ai, bifcuit, flour, peafe,	potatoes, wheat, rice,	oats, barley,

J fort, Jball be imported or brought into any ifland, un-

jf?£jfen?imon of his Majefty, in tfe Weft Indies (7*	<&-

the Bahama iflands and the Burmuda or Somers iflands aro Imhd,) from any ifland in the Weft Indies under the dominion of \ foreign European fovereign or ftate, under the penalty of the an^ °f Jhip or vejjel in which the fame Jball be Wfod or brought, together with all her guns, furniture, ammuni-tickle, and apparel; 0«ry tow, cuflom,	ta	contrary

Wthfdnding: provided always, 77;j/ it Jball and may be lawful any (f jbc governors, lieutenant governors, or commanders in fjor.^time being, of any of the faid iflands in the Weft lies under the dominion of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, fb the advice and confent of their refpeftive councils, to authorife ^pk^tacioff of tobacco, pitch, iar ', turpentine, hemp, flax, mafts, &%Wwfpm* flwes, beading-boards, timber, Jbingles, or lumber taff&t \ bttad\ bifeuit, flour, peafe, beans, potatoes, wheat, rice, ffboHeft, or ’ grain of any fort, for a limited time, from any Indies, under the dominion of any foreign Euro-it| t^xelgiy or Jlate, for the Jupply of the inhabitants of the faid provided always, that fuch goods and commodities, fo bfrifc id to be imported, Jball not be imported, except by Britifh ^ r,_«nifn British * built Jhips,, owned by his Majefty's fubjefts.

to law» under the penalty of the forfeiture vfmttttionedzand whereas it was intended, that the Jaidfeveral ktgp^herei^before particularly enumerated J allowed to be, im- .

' ftffflfndjn the Weft Indies^ under the dominion of any r^qpean fovereign or ftale, into the faid iflands in the sunder the dominion .of bis Majefty, Jhould be for (heft of the inhabitants of the ifland into which the fame wore, ' if reafott to believe that, contrary to the ipteu- < w qfttr having bun ft imptrud, boot ‘

been.

650	Anno	riccfimo	nono	Georgii	111.	c.	56.	[17M

him re-exported to others of bis Majefty's ijlands in the Weft I dies ; for prevention whereof* be it hereby declared and and by the King’* tnoft excellent majefty* by and with she tin and coofent of tbe lords fpiritual and temporal, and rrmmm in this prefeat parliament affiunbkd, and by the authority of £ From Jan. i, fame. That* from aad after the (irft day of Jamutry one tfc» if *?y fand feven hundred and ninety, in cafe the faid article** or a»] permit ted Cby& °f ^em, which lhall have been imported from any ifiaod in he the recited 7 Weft Indies, under the dominion of any foreign European 6m* aft* to be im- reign or (late, into any of the (aid i (lands in tbe Wifi Indiana* der the dominion of his Majefty, lhall after fqch imporqpoe WetHndia ** exported, or (hall be (hipped or laden on board any (hip or iQands from veflcl, or (hall be put on board any boat or other veft^cf foreign Weft, (hall be brought to any quay, wharf, or other place whater, with intention to be (hipped on board any (hip or veflel far exported, they potion, then, not only the faid articles, but alfo the bid reft! {hali be* for* or boat on board of which the fame (hall be (hipped or bdosi feited with or intended to be (hipped or laden, (hall be forfeited and lad, tsv< the vcffcl.etc. gether with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel.

. II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefry, Exporters of That before any articles which may be legally exported firm fromthe Weft ^ *^an(^s *n the ^eft Indies under thejtominton of bis Indies to Majefty, and which are of the defeription or dcnominatiop of make oath ahy of the articles herein*before particularly enumerated tod that they have described, whether in their unmanufactured or maaufafturd port^under **atc>	*or	exportation from any of the hid

the authority iflands, the exporter or exporters thereof (hail make oath, before of tbe recited the colle&or of his Majefty’s cuftoms for the ifland from whkb aft.	fuch articles are to be fo exported (who is hereby authorised

and impowered to adminifter the fame) that fuch articles, or any part of them, have not been fo imported as afovefaid ion the faid ifland, under fuch authority as aforefaid, from aar ifland in the Wifi Indies under the dominion of any foreign European fovereign or (late.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforeftW, lo^fidfeThat ^ any Pcr^on or Pcrf°n* whatever fhaH be conviftcd of oath to be taking a falfe oath, touching any of the fads directed or requir-deemed ^uil- ed by this a St to be teftified on oath* fuch perfon or perfoos b ty of perjury, convifted as aforefaid (hall be deemed guilty of perjury, zad

lhall be liable to the pains and penalties to which perfoos art liable for wilful and corrupt perjury* and (hall and may be pro-fecuted in any court of record in Great Britain, or in anyofhu Majefty’s courts of judicature in the W Indies. I

IV.	And be it further *enaftcd by the authority afordairf,

By whom for- That all and every the goods or commodities, and all (hips or

veflels forfeited by this a«, (hall and may be feiaed by the corn-may eiaed. manjCT OT commanders of any of his Majefty’s (hip* or veflels of war, or any commiflioned warrant or petty officer fpeciafly Howpenalties authorifed by him or them, or by any officer or officers of ha may be reco- Majefty’s cuftoms; and that every forfeiture and penalty incor-vend and ap- red by this aft (hall and may refpeftively be fued fot, profccoted,

and

Digitized by v^ooQle

**3-1 Artho vfcdgtt^^bndf^QBORGlLlH.OKi^i^.' £51

i^^Kfcdfcfetf, ill > iifch couM, and by iach and tbtJike mWF* *S*%*$><»iM3m<rtied»,,-1awi tb» product shamofi rcfp»5Hvely>4tf-Ar)AftcK 4ppiigtf in1 fodt tad th«c lfksitntonerv ancTdo HOf Idee ufM arid purpofes, afc anyforfaittireiatcarred y*%c(y«ladW«(fttftii%,The tmenumofi thexiuftonataiaynow.be i(M MS pfbftKSUted, tWttorewBi difpo(bd»f?oakl applied, either * lili* WbigMamv-of ity>wiy of Ms Majefty*s-(Bands tfl the Weft kAfeAftffted^Iyt as fclMtfmfe may happen to be*

-t Tiv.tr' n ,.	In	.-*!■■

.	\	< \ -i <> <•. c A P» LVII. ■

bet regulating the trade of bufwejs of pawnbrokers.

E&^tyr>H<E>'8i£ A She* all was pajjed in	0/Preamble.

\f%pytht'i1rign of\bis(frffentitiaje/lj King George the Third, for »7 Geo. 3. u rune bftgu kiting the trade and bubaefaof.-pawnbrokers;	*

tft abort tn'wntinue in force for me year, from the fir ft day of June tto-bbamfimftfehen butidnkd and tigbty-ftvenc and •whereas an aft was t<isffitdmti*laftfejfitn ef parliament, to amend and continue, , for a at Geo. 3. lMnfesd-amo,.thflatove-m«ntioncd a&; uus made to expire ®* 'id.. teaninfirfliia?of	nm\thenfand fevtn hundred and

anlat!*t*>end of tit	prefent fefiien of parliament: and whereas h is

expedient that provfitrr.Jbould he	thadefor farther regulatings he Ui-

fingfinefipawnbrokers: may it> therefore pkalfe your Majefty that it mupdaetensded; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excel-Jef&imajefty, by and withuahefadvise and confent of the lords fpiotUal'ind temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament tatibtoJbltd; ahdr by the '.authority of the fame. That it (hall be Pawnbrokers lwwduM*bh» and after, chotend of this pcefent fclfion of parlia- allowed to^ memt^for/ail perfonstiling and sxercifmg the trade and bufmefs towInjrWw co£» pawnbroker to demand^ircceive, and. take, of and from all for profit. *ndeve»y:perfon and perfosaappiying or offering to redeem any •goads)or Chattels pawned.or pledged with.fuch pawnbroker, a ipaofit afar the (following rates, over and abovtrthe principal fum and fums which ihall have been lent and advanced upon the' aelpafttve pledge or pledges, before any fuch pawnbroker (half jbbsfbttgcd torerdeliver (the lame 1 videlicet >	,.

lupot ’O I'"/' I'.-,.*'--' r * i ^<ier>^very-pledge upon which there (hall have been Tent any ■famynott«aceed«ng-. two (hiUinge.and fixponce, the fum of one ihatfpcnoy.tlbr any time during which, the faid pledge (hall re-' cmpitftfKpawnt nehexoeediog one calendar month, and the fame ifote tnry 'Calendar, month afterwards, including the current month in which, fvob pledge (hall be redeemed,- although (bch yfaoshifbtiloot be expired;

,0 iJUr dvefy pledge upon-which thyefhall have been lent th$ . fajvofi (^(hillings, one penny:	ft,	.

i-tliSotceVery pledg^upOQ. which the(ejhall have been lent fever*

(bBbpgs^md (ixpence, one penny half-penny: il faitwy pledge rttpon which there (hall have been lent ten ’AHRp^eiWo-peftoe:	’

.battVMi^XXVI.	.	Xx

- * ■>

Digitized by v^,ooQle

6$t	Amo	vfaefimo nonb Georgn UL c. 57; [ 178$.

Fin: ct*ry pledge upon which there fhaH have been Ifent twelve (hiHings add fixfwnce, two-pence halfpenny:

Fbr every pledge upon which there (hall have bedhfent fifteen fhiHings* threepence:

For every pledge opoh which there fhtll hare been lent feven-teen fhiHings ahd (ixpCnde, three- pence half-penny:

- For every pledge Upon Which there (hall hove been lent erne • pound; four-pence: and fo On procreflivbly* and in proportion for any Turn not exceeding ferry (Hillings: '	'

And for every pledge upob which theie (hall have been lent any fura exceeding forty (billings, and not exceeding ten pounds, at and after the rate of three-pence, and no more, for (he loan of eVery twenty fhiHings of foch money lb lent, bytbfc calendar month, including the current month; and fo in pro-* portion for any fradtionil fain:

Which fan) feveral (turn (half be taken in lien of, and as a full fatisfa&ion for, all ihtereft due, and charges for wareboufe room. Pawnbrokers jj; And be it further eftadted by the authority atorefsid. That ^e,'i«“*iher in all cafes where any intermediate fbm lent upon any pawn os ®u ‘ pledge (hall exceed the Turn of two fhith'ngs and fixpenee, and ndt exceed the fum of forty (hillings, the perfbn lending the fame (hall and may take, by way of profit, as aforefeid, at and after the rate of four-penct, and no more, for the loan of twenty (hillings by the calendar month, including the current month, as aforefaid.

Limiting the IH. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That In aH profits for cafes where the party or parties entitled to, and applying for the 5^!^* redemption of goods pawned, within the fpaceoffevcn days after the expiration of the firft calendar month after the feme fhaH have been pledged, he, (he, or they fhall and maybe at liberty to redeem the nine, without paying tiny thing by way of profit to the pawnbroker for foe faid (even days, or fuch putt thereof as (hall then hate elapfed ; and that in all cafes where the party or parties fo entitled, and applying n aforefaid, after the expiration of the faid firft (even days, and before the expiration of the firft fourteen days of the fecond calendar month, he, (he, or they (hall add may be at liberty to redeem fuch goods, upoo faying the profit payable for one calendar month, and the half i of another calendar month to the pawnbroker; feat foot in all cafes Where the party or parties fo entitled, and applying ss aforefaid, after the expiration of the feid firft fourteen days, and before the expiration of the faid fecond calendar month, it (hall be lawful for the pawnbroker to demand and take the profits! the whole fecond itiionth; add that the like regulation and re-ftriiftion (hall take place and be in ftnee in every fuUeqaem calendar month wherein application (hall be made for redeeming goods pawned.

Pawn* to be IV. And be it ftirther enabled by the authority aforefaid, entered in That all and every perfon and perfous who, froftv atid after the books*

Digitized by LjOOQle

ijf&gf.] Aitho vlcefimo hoho Giotfoil III. c. sfi

end of this prelent feffion of parliament, (hall take, by way of pawn, pledge, or exchange* of or from any perton or perfons wrbomfoever, any goods or chattels, of what kind foever the fame (hall be* and whereon (hall be lent any fum of money exceeding five (billings, (hall forthwith, and before he, (he, or they fhall or may advance or lend any money upoq fuch pawn of pledge, enter, or canfe to be entered, in a (air and regular manner, in a book or books to be kept by him, her, or them for that pnrpofe, a defcription of the goods or chattels which he,

Jhe, or they (hall receive in pawn, pledge, or exchange, and alfo the fum of money to be advanced or lent thereon, with the day of the month and year on which, and the name and place of abode of the perfon of perfons by whom fuch goods or chattels are io pawned, pledged, or exchanged, and aho the name and place of abode of tire owner or owners thereof, according to' the information of the perfon pawning, pledging, or exchanging the fame} and in all cafes where the money lent on any (uch goods or chattels (hall not exceed the fum of five (hillings, fuch entry (hall be made in fuch book or books, by all and every fuch perfon and perfons fo taking the lame by way of pawn, pledge, or exchange, as aforeCaid, within four hours next after the laid £Oods and chattels (hall have been fp pawned, pledged, or exchanged, as aforefaid; and every fuch perfon (hall, at the time of PaWnbrbk the taking of every pawn, pledge, or exchange whatfoever, give *° f*** * n to the perfon or perfons Fo pawning, pledging, or exchanging tbi^spa* the lame, a note or memorandum, fairly written or printed, or td. 8 p in pan written and in part printed, containing therein, in like manner, a defeription of the goods and chattels which he, (he, or they have received in pawn, pledge, or exchange, and alb the fum of money advanced thereon, with .the day ot the tnontn and year on which, and the name and" place of abode of the perbn or per fops by whom fuch goods or chattels are fo pawned, pledged, or exchanged, and alfo the name and place of abode of the owner or owners thereof, according to the information afore laid, and upon which faid note or memorandum, of on the back whereof, (hall be moreover fairly written or printed the name and place of abode of the pawnbroker giving the fame ? svhiih faid note or memorandum the patfy and parties pawning pledging, or exchanging the faid goods or chattels, foal), and he, foe, or,they is and are berebyjequired to accept and1 take in all cafes, and the pawnbroker (ball not ceceive and retrain fuch pledge, unlefs the party pledging, or offering to pledge the fame (half accept and take fuch note or memorandum; an<t every foch note, where the fum lent (hall b< lefs than five (hillings, (hall be delivered gratis; and where the fum lent (lull be five (hillings or upwards, and lefs than ten (hillings, fucb pawnbroker fhall and may take one halfpenny for foe fame; and where the fum lent (hall be ten (hillings or upwards, and lefs than twenty (hillings, fuch pawnbroker (hall and may take one penny for the fame; and where the fum lent fhall be twenty (hillings or upwards, and lefs than five pounds, the fum of two-

X » 2	pence

Digitized by Gooele

Anno vlccfimo nono GeoRGH III. c.57. [178g.

pence for the fame; and where the fum lent (hall be five pounds or upwards, the fum of four-pence, and no more; and which note (hall be produced to the pawnbroker before he or <hc (hall be obliged to re-deliver the refpedlive goods or chattels, except as herein-after is excepted.

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore£nd, Penilty That* from and after the end of this prefent feffion of parlia-ag^joft unlaw* mcnt> ;f any perfon or perfons (hall knowingly and defignedly go<ig>then,ng Pawn> pledge, or exchange, or unlawfully difpofeof the goods or property of chattels of any other perfon or perfons, not being employed or others. authorifed by the owner or owners thereof foto do, and fhaH be thereof convidlcd by the oath of any credible w'rnefs or witnefles, or by the confeflion of the perfon or perfons charged with fuch offence, before any juftice or~juftices of the peace for the county, riding* divifion, city, liberty, town, or place where the offence (hall be committed (which oath every fuch juftice or juftices as aforefaid is and are hereby empowered and required to admmi-Her), every fuch offender (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of.tvyenty (hillings, and alfo the full value of the goods or chattels fo pawned, pledged, exchanged, or difpofed of, fuch value to be afeertained by fuch juftice or juftices; and in cafe the faid forfeiture (hall not be forthwith paid, the juftice or juftices of the peace as aforefaid, before whom fuch convi&ion (hall be had, (hall commit the party or parties fox:onvi<fted to the houfe of corre&ion, or fome other publick prifon of the coonry, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offender or offenders (hall refidc or be convifted, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for the fpace of not more than three calendar months, nor lefs than one calendar month, unlefs the faid forfeitures (hall be fooner paid ; and if, within three days before the expiration of the faid term of commitment, the faid forfeitures (hall not be paid, the faid juftice or juftices (hall, and is and are hereby required to order, upon the application of the profecutor or profccutors, the perfon or perfons fo convifted to be publickly whipped in the houfe of corre&ion or prifon to which the offender or offenders (hall have been committed, or in fome other publick place of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, where the offence (hal! have been committed, as to fuch juftice or juftices (hall feem proper; and the faid re-fpc<£Uve forfeitures, when recovered, (lull be applied towards making fatisfadlion thereout to the party or parties injured, and defraying the cofts of the profecution, as (hall be adjudged reasonable by the juftice or juftices before whom fuch convhftkm (hall be had; but if the party or parties injured (hal! decline to accept of fuch fatisfaftion, and cofts, or if there (hall be any overplus ot the laid refpe&ive forfeitures, after making fuch fatisfa&ion, and paying fuch cofts as aforefaid, then fuch rc-fpetfive forfeitures, or the overplus thereof, (as the cafe (hall happen), (hall bo paid and applied to and for the ufe of the poor of the parilh or place where fuch offence (hall have been committed.

Digitized by v^ooQie

655

17®9*J Anno vicefimo nono Georgii III. c. 57.

xnitted, and (hall be paid to the overfeers of the poor <rf fuch parifh or place for that purpofe.	'	”

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon or perfons (hall counterfeit, forge', or alter. Penalty on or procure to be counterfeited, forged, or altered, any fuch perfons forg-note or memorandum as aforefaid, or (hall utter, verid^-or fell ^rfeitin«UU~ any fuch note as aforefaid, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, noU;g> S forged, or altered, with intent to defraud any perfon or pertbns whomsoever, every fuch perfon (hall be punilhed in manner herein-after mentioned, and it (hall be lawful for any perfon or perfons, his, her, or their fervants or agents, to whom any note ihall be uttered or offered, which he, (he, or they (hall have reafon to fufpedt to have been counterfeited, forged, or altered, to feize and detain fuch perfon or perfons uttering or offerjng the fame,, and to deliver him, her, or them, as foon as conveniently may be, into the cuftody of a conftabk or other peace officer* who (hall, and is hereby required, as foon as conveniently may be, to convey fuch perfon or perfons before fome jufticeor 3udices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence* (hall be fuppofed to have been committed; and if upon examination it (hall appear, to the fatisfadtion of fuch juflice or juftices, that the perfon or perfons charged with having committed any fuch offence is or are guilty thereof, then, and in every fuch cafe, the faic? jufticc Or juftices is and are hereby authorifed and required to commit the party or parties offending to the common gaol or houfe of correction of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence (hall be committed, there to be imprifoned for any time not exceeding the fpace of three calendar months, nor lets than one calendar month, at thediferetion of fuch juftice or juftices.	,

VII.	And be it further enafied by the authority aforefaid.

That in cafe any perfon or perfons who (hall offer, by way of Forpuniftv.ng pawn, pledge, exchange, or fale, any goods or chattels, fhail not ?fvrj^nsan^04 be able, or lhall refufe to give a latisfadtory account of himfdf, fecoifnt of°° herfelf, or themfelves, or of the means by which he, file, or they themfelve*, became poffeffed of fuch goods or chattels, or (hall give any falfe on offering to information to the pawnbroker, or to his or her fervant or Pfwn B00d8* fervants; as to whether fuch goods or chattels are his, her, or c’ their own property or. not, or if there (hall be any other reafon to fufoed that fuch goods or chattels are ftolen, or otherwife illegally or dandcftinely obtained, or if any perfon or perfons not intitled, nor having any colour of title by law to redeem goods or chattels in pledge or p3wn, (hall attempt or endeavour 'to redeem the fame, it (hall be lawful for any perfon or perfons.

His, her, or their fervants or agents, to whom fuch goods or chattels (hall be fo offered, or with whom fuch goods or chattels are in pledge, to feize and detain fuch perfon or perfons, and the laid goods or chattels, and to deliver fuch perfon or perforts 'immediately info the cuftody of a conftable or other peace offictft*,

Who (Ml and |s hereby required, as foon as may be3 tO'COnvty *	X x 3	fuch

Digitized by L,ooQLe

6^6	Anno	vicefimo	nono	Gcoroii	III.	c. 57. [1789.

,fuch perfon or perfons, and the (aid goods or chattels Co offered, before fotne juftice or juftices of the peace far the county, riding, dividon, city, liberty, town, or p^ce, wherein the offence lhafi be fuppofed to have been committed; and if fuch juftice of juftices (hall, upon examination and enquiry, have caufe to fufpadt that the faid goods or chattels were Aden, or illegally or dandeflipely obtained, or that the perfon or perfons offering and endeavouring to redeem the fame (hall not have any presence or colour of right to redeem the feme, it (hall be lawful for fuch juftice or juuices to commit fuch perfon or perfons into fate cuftody for fuen reafonable rime as (hall be neceflary for the obtaining proper information on the fubjeft, in order to be further examined ; and if upon either of the faid deaminations it jThall appear, to the fatisfadjaon of fuch juftice or jnftices, that the (aid goods or chattels were ftolen, or illegally or clandeftindy obtained, or that the perfon or perfons offering or endeavouring fo redeem {he feme hath or have not any pretence or colour of yight fo to do, the laid juftice or jufticea is and are hereby au-thorifed and required tb commit the party or parties offending to the common gad or houfe of corredion of the county, ridinz, idivifion, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence (hafl )x committed, there to be dealt with according to law, where the nature of the offence (hall authorife fucb commitment by hny other law; and where the nature of the offence (hall not authorife fuch commitment by any other law, then fuch commitment (hall be for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor Ids than one calendar month, at the diferetion of fuch juftice or juftices.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,. Where mods That if the owner or owners of any goods or chattels-unlawfuily unlawfully pawned, pledged, of exchanged, (hall make out, either on hi^ pawnbroker w *bcir °**b» ®r by the oath of any credible witnefs, or, to reftoN 1 being one of the people called Quaktrs, by fdemn affirmation, them. ' before any juftice of jufticea of the peace within his or their

'... jurifdidion, that fuch owner of owners hath or have had his,

her, or their goods or chattels unlawfully obtained, or taken from him, her, of them, and that there is juft caufe to fufped that any perfon or pierfons within the jurifdidtion of any fuch juftice or jufticea bath or have, knowingly apd unlawfully taken to pawn, or by way of pledge, or in exchange, any goods or chattels of fuch owner or owners, and without the privity or Authority of fuch owner or owners {hereof, and (hall nuke appear, to the fatisfaAion of any fuch juftice or juftices, probable grounds for fuch the fufpicion of the owner or owners thereof, fheri, and in any fuch cafe, any juftice or juftices of the peace, Within his or’their jurifdidion, may iffue his or their warrant for fearching, in the day time, the houfe, warehouse, or other place, of any fuch perfon or perfons, who (ball be charged on oath or affirmation as aforefaid, as fufpeded to have knowingly hr unlawfully received or taken in pawn, or by way of pledge, or in exchange, any (ueb goods or chattels, without the privity

of.

?&9*2 Anno vtcctimo nonp Gfosoii IH. c. 57.	6^7

«f| a**'authority from, the owner or owners thereof} and if the ingipipr pr occupiers qf anv houfe, waipboufe, or other place dpjrem any fuch good* or chattels (hall, on oath or affirmation'

»jf ejfiye&id, he charged or (bfpeded to he, (hall, after the end tf .this prefent feflion of parliament, on requeft made to him,

~MT» or them, to open the time by any peace officer suthorifed .4%?rch there, by warrant from a juftice or juftice* of the peace for ^he county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or fflacc in fuch houfe, warehouse, or otheir place (hall be fnuate, refute to open the fame, and permit the time to be fearched, it (hail he lawful for any peace officer to break open any fucb biopfe, warehoufe, or other place inthe daytime, and to fearch, ns l)e (hall think fit, therein, for the goods or chattels fufpefted -to be there, doing no wilful damage; and no pawnbroker, or ot$cr perfon or perfons, (hall oppofe or hinderany fuch fearch; and if upop the fearch of the houfe, war»HqUfe, or other place," of any fuch fpfpcdted perfon or perfons as afptctiid, any of the goods ‘or chapels which' (hall have been fo kndwingly and unlawfully pawned, pledged, or exchanged as "aforetiid, (hall be found, and the property of the owner or pwbdts from whom the time mall have been unlawfully obtained or taken (hall be made-out to the titisticlion of any fuch juft ice or juilicfes, by the oath ’ of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, or if any (uph wit-nefs or witnefies (hall be of the people called Quakers, by folemtl affirmation, or by the confeflion of the perfon or perfons charged' with apy fuch offence, any fuch juftice orjuflices (hall thereupon canfe the gbods and chattels found pn any fuch fearch, and un«. lawfully pawned, pledged, or exchanged as aforefsid, to b« forthwith reftpred to the owner or owners thereof.

IX.	And whereas goods end chattelsart pawned or pledged fpr	fettering the payment	ofmpney lent	there and the profit

fad afterwards the borrowers, or their repare dejlrous to repay the jarne, and the profit 4ne thereon, and make tender thereof to the perfon or perfons with whom the fame arefo pawned or pledged jit they are frequently under great	difficultitt to get hack the goods and

chattels fa	pawned, and are often under a heceffity to commence fuits

law for f he recovery thereof, to their great expence: for remedy whereof, be it further enafted by the authority aforefajd, That, from Punifhlng the and after (be end of this prefent feffion of parliament, if any pawnbroker goods or chattels (hall be pawned or pledged for during tiny money lent thereon, not exceeding in the whole the principal goods to the Ann of ten pounds, and the profit thereof, and >f within one1 pawner, year after the pawning or pjedging thereof (proof having becn: made on path pr affirmation as aforefajd, by one or more credible Witnefs or witnefles, and by producing the note or memorandum' directed to be given by this ad as aforetiid, before any juftice of. juftices, tp tbe titisfa&ioo pf any fuch juftice or juftices, of the pawning pr pledging of any fuen goods or chattels within the (ttid (pact of one year) any fuch pawner or pavynels. ' who was pr were the real owner pr owners of fuch good? or chattels at fbe time pf the pawning or pledging thereof, 'lus, her, or their

X x +	executor*,	-

Digitized by

Google

Anoo vicefitao nono Georgii HI. c. 57. ‘	[ 1789.

Cxecutort, adminiftrators, or affigns, (hall tender unto the period or perfons who lent, on the fccurity of the goods or chattels pawned, his executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, the principal imoney borrowed thereon, and profit accoiding to the table of rates by this a£l eftablifhed* and the perfon who rook fuch goods or chattels in pawn, his executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, (hall thereupon, without (hewing reafonable caufe for fo doing, to the fatisfadUon of fuch juftice or juftices, negledl or refufe co deliver back the goods or chattels fo pawned (of any tumor fums of money not exceeding the faid principal fum of ten pounds, to th? perfon or perfons who borrowed the money thereon, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators or affigns, then, and in any fuch cafe, on oath or affirmation as aforeiak) thereof made by the pawner or pawners thereof, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, or fome other credible perfon, any juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, where the perfon or perfons who took fuch pawn as aforefaid, his executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, (hall dwell, on the application of the borrower cr (borrowers, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, is and arc hereby required to caufe fuch perfon or perfons who took fuch pawn, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, within the jurifd'uftion of the juftice or juftices, to come before fuch juftice or juftices; and fuch juftice or juftices is and are hereby authorifed and required to examine on oath, or folecnn affirmation, as the cafe may require, the parties themfelves,and fuch other credible perfon or perfons as (hall, appear before him or them, touching the premifes; and if tender of the principal money due, and all profit thereof as aforefaid, (hall be proved by oath or affirmation as aforefaid to have been made (fuch princi-* pal money not exceeding the faid fum of ten pounds) to the lender or lenders thereof, his, her, or their executors, adroini-ftrators, or affigns, by the borrower or borrowers of fuch principal money; his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, within the faid fpace of one year after the faid pawning or pledging of the goods or chattels, then, on payment by the borrower or borrowers, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, of fuch principal money, and the profit due thereon, as aforefaid, to the lender or lenders, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators or affigns, and in cafe the lender or lenders, his, her, or their executors, or affigns, (hall refufe to accept thereof, on tender thereof to him, her, or them made, by the borrower or borrowers thereof, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, before any fuch juftice or juftices, fuch juftice or juftices (hall thereupon, by order under his or their hand or hands, direct the goods or chattels fo pawned forthwith to be delivered up to the pawner or pawners thereof, hb, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, gr affigns; and if the perfon or perfons who (hall have lent any principal fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the faid fum of ten pounds, on any goods or chattels pawned, his, her, or their executors,

admini-

Digitized by Google

1

1789.] Ann6 vicefimo nono GfcoRGU 111. c. 57.	£59

idminiftrators, or aflign*, (hall negleft or rcfufe to deliver up or make fatisfa&ion for the goods or chattels which (hall be Jo proved, to the fatisfadlion of fudi juftice or juftices as aforefaid, o have been fo pawned, as any fuch juftice or juftices of the 3eace as aforefaid (hall order and dire#, then any fuch juftice or uftices (hall and is and are hcrebv authorised and required tp rommit the party or parties fo refufing to deliver up or make 'atisfa&ion for the fame, to the houfe of correction, or fomc o.hcr >ublick prifon for the county, riding, diviiion, city, liberty, town,

)r place, wherein the offender or offenders (hall refuie or be ronviCted, there to remain without bail or mainprizc until he, he, or they (hall deliver up the goods or chat'els fo pawned and rontinuing redeemable as aforefaid, according to the order of uch juftice or juftices as aforefaid, or make luch fatisfa&ion or rompenfation as fuch juftice or juftices (hall adjudge, reafonablc or the value thereof, to the party or parties entitled to the edemption of fuch goods .or chattels fo pawned and continuing edeemable as aforefaid.

X.	And, to prevent any inconvenience to ter font carrying on the rade and -bvftnefs of a pawnbroker, from fevered different perfons laiming a property in the fame goods or chattels, be it further cnaCted

^y the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the end of this Perfons pro-prefent feflion of parliament, any perfori or perfons who (hall at duc,n* notci iny time produce any fuch note or memorandum as aforefaid, ^ums^e^med to the perfon or perions with whom the goods therein fpecified the owners, were pawned or pledged, as the owner thereof, or as authorifed by the owner thereof to redeem the fame, and require a delivery of the goods or chattels mentioned therein to him, her, or them, fuch perfon or perfons (hall be, and is and are hereby deemed and taken to be, fo far as refpefls the perfon or perfons having fuch goods and chattels in pledge, the real owner and owners, proprietor and proprietors of fuch goods and chattels, and the perfon or perfons fo ufing the faid trade and bufinefs of a pawnbroker (hall be, and is and are hereby directed and required, after receiving fatisfaClion purfuant to the provifioqs of this aCt efpe&ing principal and profit, to deliver fuch goods and chat-:els to the perfon or perfons who ftaall fo produce the faid note )r memorandum to him, her, or them, and (hall be, and is and ire hereby indemnified for fo doing, unlefs he, (he, or they (hall have had previoqs notice, from the real owner or owners hereof, not to deliver the fame to the perfon or perfons, prolacing fuch note, or unlefs notice lhall have been given to him, ber, or them, that the goods and chattels pawned have been, jr arc fufpe&ed to have been, fraudulently or felonioully taken or obtained, and unlefs the real owner or owners thcreot proceeds k proceed in manner herein after provided and diredted for the redeeming of goods and chattels pledged, where fuch note hath been loft, miflaid, deftroyed, or fraudulently obtained from the owner or owners thereof.

XI.	And be it further enabled, by the authority aforefaid, where notes That in cafe any piwnbrokef (hall havohad fuch previous notice or memoran-

as dame loA. the

Digitized by L^ooQle

66o	Anno	vksGino	none Georoii III, c. 57.	[17!}*

pawnbroker as aforefaid, or in cafe any fuch note or memorandum is afon* to deliver a	d^all be loft, miflaid, deftroyed, or fraud ulently obtained fee®

Cupy‘	the owner or owners thereof, and the goods and chattels met-

tinned therein (hall remain unredeemed, that thep, and in every fuch cafe, the pawnbroker or pawnbrokers with whom the (& goods and chattels were fo pledged or exchanged, (hall, at rht requeft and application of any perfon or perfons who (hall rc-prefent himfelf, berfelf, or themfelves to the pawnbroker as tbe pwner or owners of the goods and chattels in pledge, ora-changed as aforefaid, deliver to fuch perfon or pcrions fa rc-quefting and applying for the fame a copy of the pore or memo-randum fo loft, miflaid, deftroyed, or fraudulently obtained, as aforefaid, with the form of an affidavit of the particular ciraaa-ftances attending tbe cafe, printed or written, or in part prised and in part written, on the faid copy, as the fame <hall be fend to him or her by the party applying as aforefaid, for which copy of fuch note or memorandum, and form of affidavit, ic cafe the money lent (hall not exceed the fucp of ten (hillings, the pawnbroker (hall receive the fum of one penny; and in cafe the money lent (hall exceed the fum of ten (hillings, the pawnbroker (hall receive the like fum of money as he is entitled to reccin and take on giving the original note or memorandum, fed money to be paid by the party applying fpf the fame, at the time of making the laid application; and the perfon or pcr&os having fo obtained fuch copy of the note or memorandum, spd form of affidavit as aforefaid, (halt thereupon prove his, her, or their property in, or right to, fuch-goods and chattels, to the fatisfa&ion of feme juftice of the peace for the county, riding,

, divifion, city, town, liberty, or place, where the faid goods or chattels (hall have been pledged, pawned, or exchanged; and (hall alfb verify on oath, or affirmation, as the cafe may be, before feme juftice of the peace, the truth of the particular dr-cumftances attending the cafe mentioned in fuch affidavit or affirmation,' to be made as aforefaid, the caption of fuch oath or affirmation, to be authenticated by the hand writing thereto of the juftice before whom the fame (hall bemade, and who dull and is hereby required fo to authenticate the fame, whereupon the pawnbroker (hall fuffer the perfon or perfons proving fech property to the fatisfa&lon of fuch juftice as aforefaid, and making fuch affidavit or affirmation as aforefaid, on leaving fads copy of the (aid note or memorandum, and the feid affidavits* affirmation, with the'faid pawnbroker, to redeem fucb goods nr chattels.

Fawned goods	XII. And be it further enaded by the authority afbre&id. That

deemed for- an goods and chattels which (hall be pawned or pledged (hall mdofa year. ** °ccincd forfeited, and may be fold at the expiration of one 1	'	whole year from the time of the pawning the fame; and that all

goods and chattels fo forfeited, on which any fum above ten millings, and not exceeding ten pounds, (hall have been kot, (hall be fold by publick au&ipn, but not otherwife, by the order of the perfon having the faiqc in pawn* at and after the expire*

Digitized by

Google

Anno viceGmo nono Gso&oil III C.57.	661

• of the faid year; but the perfon employed to fell fuch goods ohattels by auCtion lhall, and he is hereby required to caufe fame to be expofed to p4biicjt view, and catalogues thereof ^ jsubliflied, and an advertifement, giving notice of fuch fate, caomaining the name or names of the pawnbroker or pawn-cars with whom the faid goods or chattels were in pledge, conferred on two feveral days in feme publick newfpapcr,

1 *$?ys at teaft before the firft day of file, upon pain of for-ng to the owner or owners of the faid goods or chattels, for ry offence in the premifes, the fum of five pounds,

£lU» Provided always, and be it further enaC)ed by the au-rtey aforcfaid. That in cafe any perfon or pei Tons entitled to On-notice eon goods or chattels in pledge (hall, before the expiration of fr0lP perfons Aid one year, from the time of pawning the fame, give ricf in writing to the perfon or perfons having the fame in to fell, three dge, or leave the fame'at his, her, or their nfual place of months fur->de, not to fell the fame at the end ^f the faid one year, then, ajj°"e<* i in every fuch cafe, fuch good* or* chattels (hall not be fold	re*

difpofed of by the perfon or perfons having the fame in douptioo. * rdge, until after the expiration of three months, to be com* ted from the expiration of the faid year; during which faid m of three months the owner or owners of the faid goods d chattels (hall have liberty to redeem the feme upon the rms ftipulated and provided by this aCt.

XIV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefeid, hat all and every perfon or perfons to. whom any goods or Account of lattcls (hall have been pawned or pledgld, (hajl, from time to fa,c*io. ' ire, eoter in a book or books, to be kept by him, her or them pawnbrtiers r that purpofe, a true and juft account of the. fale of all goods {q a book; id chattels pawned to him, .her, or them,-for upwards of ten linings, which (hall be fold as aforefaid, exprefiing the day hen,, and the money for which fuch goods or chattels pawned ere fold, together with the name and place of abode of the j&ioneer by whom the fame were fold, according to the information thereof from the auctioneer; and in cafe any fuch goods and overplus r chattels lhall be fold for more than the principal money and Pq,<1 to coat aforefaid due thereon at the time of fuch fale, the overplus *all, by every fuch pawnbroker, be paid, on demand, to the ed or fold, erfon by whom, or on whofe account fuch goods or chattels rere pawned, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or fligns, in cafe fuch demand (hall be made within three years ifter fuch fele, the neceflary cofts and charges of fuch fale being irft deducted; and fuch perfon or perfons who pawned or >ledged fuch goods or chattels, his, her, or their executors, ad-niniftrators, or afligfis, (hall, for his, her, or thcirfatisfaCtion a th;s matter, be permitted to infpeCt the entrv to be made a? aforefaid of every fuch fale, paying for fuch inipeCtion the fuuv 0/ one penny, and no more; and to cafe any perfon or perfonf (hall refufe to permit any fuch perfon or perfons who pawned or pledged fuch goods or chattels, or Who is entitled to* fuch overplus money, t* infpeCt fuch pqtry .as aforefaid in any fuch

book

66z

Anno vlcefimo nono Georgii III. c. 57. [ijij

book or books, fuch perfon or perfons, if an executor or q tutors, adminiftrator or adminiftrators, or aflignee or affigi^ at fuch time producing his, her, or their letters ttftamouz letters of adminiftfation, or alignment, or in cafe thegoodsi chattels were fold for more than the fum entered in any fuj book or books, ot if any fuch perfon or perfons (ball not tm fuch entry as aforefaid, or fliall not have, bonafide% accordii^J the directions of this adt, fold the fame, or (hall refqfetofaf fuch overplus upon demand to the pawner or pawoers, hss,hc;i or their executors, adminiftrators, or alfigns, he, (he, ortkj producing fuch their letters teftamentary, letters of admioitb tion, or aflignment, every fuch perfon or perfonx fo offcad>{ (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit treble the fum fuchgooti and chattels (hall originally have been pawned for, to tbeprfa or perfons by whom or on whofe account fuch goods or chants were pawned, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrator*,« alligns, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offenders good, and chattels, by warrant under the hands and feals of any m juftices of the peace for the county, riding* divifion, city, ton, liberty, or place where the offence (hall be committed.

XV.	And be it further enabled. by the authority aforcW, That from and after the end pf this prefent feffion of pailiaae; no perfon or perfons having any goods or chattels in pWp (hall, under any pretence whatfoever, either by himfelf, ork-felf, or by any other perfon for hifn or her, purchafe any tet goods or chattels fc being in pledge with him or her, duringu time the fame (hall remain in his or her cuftody, as fob I pledge, fave and except at fuchpublick auction as aforcUid, ac fliall fuffer the fame to be redeemed with a. view or intentions purchafe the fame; nor (hall any fuch perfon taking.or baric; any goods or chattels in pledge, make, or caufe to he mao, any contra# or agreement with any perfon or perfons offeri; to pledge, or pledging the fame, or with the owner or owns* of the pledge, for the purchafe, fale, or difpofition of the fid goods and chattels, before the expiration of one whole year fre^ the time of pawning or pledging the fame ; nor (hall any paur-broker purchafe, or receive, or take any goods or chattels & pledge of or from any perfon or perfons who (hall appear to b: under the age of twelve years, or to be intoxicated with liquor, or purchafe, or take in pawn, pledge, or exchange, tbc note cr memorandum aforefaid of any other pawnbroker;, nor buy ay goods or chattels, in the courfe of his, her, or their trade u bufinefs, before the hour of eight of the clock in the forenoon, or after the hour of feven of the clock in the evening, through-Time for	out the year; nor receive or take in goods or chattels by way a

taking in	pawn, pledge, or in exchange, before eight of the clock in the

pawns limit- forcnoon^ or after n;nc Qf the clock in the evening, between Michatlmas Day and Lady Day following, or before feven of the clock in the forenoon, or after ten of the clock in the evening, during the remainder of the year, excepting only on the evenings of Saturday throughout the whole year, and excepting cn

the

Pawnbroker not to purchafe goods whilft they are in his cuftody.

Digitized by

Googk

Anno vwxfimo nono..Georgiiill. c. 57*	663

Vtfnings predcding Good Friday and Cbrijlrhas Day; rtor fhz\} pcrton or perfons exercife or cfarry on the trade or bufinefs £#4tnbfoker on any Sunday, Good Friday, or Cbrijimas Day\

And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, it, from and after the end of this prefent feflion of parlia- pawnbrokers t,'aU and every perfon and perfons, who (hall follow and to place in f on the trade and bufinefs of a pawnbroker, (hall caufe to view the table stinted or printed in large legible characters the rate of profit ofPro»t8,5cc. «red by this adt to be taken by him, her, or them, and alfo various prides of the notes or memorandums to be given by * her, or, them, according to the rates aforefaid, and an ac-it Of what notes or memorandums are to be delivered gratis, of the expence of obtaining a fecond note or memorandum, rrethe former one ha9 been loft, miflaid/deftroyed, or frau* sntly obtained, and place the farfie in a confpicuous part or it of the (hop or other place wherein he, (he, or they fhall yon fuch trade and bufinefs, fo as to be vifible to, and legi-by, the perfons pledging goods and chattels (landing in the rral boxes or places provided for fuch perfons coming to m or redeem goods and chattels at fuch (hop.

CVIL And% for the bitter manifefling by whom the trade and nefs of a pawnbroker /ball hereafter bt carried on, be it further idled by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the end Pawnbroker’s this prefent feflion of parliament, all and every perfon or per-”aJ?e8 anc*. is, who (hall follow or carry on the trade or bufinefs of a p^cedover xnbroker, fhaftcaufe to be painted or written, in large legible his door, traders, over the door of each (hop or other place by him, her, them refpedively made ufe of for carryingon that trade and bu-efs, the chriftian and furname or names of the perfon or peris fo carrying on the (aid trade or bufinefs, and the word wnbroker or Pawnbrokers, as the cafe maybe, following the ne, upon pain of forfeiting the fum of ten pounds for every jp or place which (hall be (o made ufe of for the fpace of one rek, without having fuch name or names, and the faid word, painted or written as aforefaid, to be recovered by diftrefs and e of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the nds and feals of any two juftices of the peace a&ing within the; fpedive county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or place *hich warrant fuch juftices are hereby authorifed and required grant), upotvthe confeflion of the party or parties, or upon the formation of any credible witnefs or witnefles, upon oath or firmation, as the cafe may be; and the faid penalty, when the \arges of recovering the fame (hall be deduced, mall be paid half to the informer, and the other half to the ufe of ther aor of the parifh or place in which the offence (hall be com-titted; and in cafe fufficient diftrefs fhall not be found, or fuch enalty (hall not be forthwith paid, it (hall be lawful for fuclr ifticcs, and they are hereby required, by warrant under their ands and feals, to caufe the offender or offenders to be com-litted to the county gaol t>r houfe of corredHon, there to remain rirhout bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three ca-

Jcrwfaf

Penalty on pawnbrokers felling goods

time, or in juring them.

664	Anno	vicefimo	nono Georgii IlL c. 57. [r

Iendar months, nor !efs than fourteen days, unlefs tkUj nalty, and aJl reafonable charges, (ball be (boner paid 1 fied.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority i That if, in the courfe of any proceedings before any pdUtl juftices of the peace, in purfuancc of or under thb *&, kti before Hmited aPP*ar> or b® proved to the fatisfa&ion of the juftice orjkfoq upon oath or folemn affirmation, that any of ibe goods arete tels pawned as aforefaid have been fold before the timeifbari by this a<51, or otherwifo than according to the dir^£th»saide a&, or have been embezzled, or are become or have betato-dered of lefs value than the fame were at the time of pledging thereof, by or through the default, neglcd, or w miibehaviour of the perfon or perfbns to whom the him at* fo pledged or pawned, his, her, or their executors, admUfo tors, or affigns, agents or fervants, then, and in any foebok it (hall be lawful for every fuch juftice and juftices, aod he act they is and are hereby required, to allow or sward a rcafant* fatisfa&ion to the owner or owners of fuch goods or chattels, * rcfpeA thereof, or of fuch damage $ and the fum or fuossof ney fo allowed or awarded, in cafe the fame, (hall not amen* a the principal and profit aforefaid, which (hall appear tq beds** any perfon or perlbns to whom the lame, were fo pMgd j pawned, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, orafiga, ihall be deduced out of the faid principal and profit* and mil cafes where the goods and chattels pawned as a^xeCud A& have been damaged as aforefaid, it (hall be fufficient ht & pawner or pawners, his, her, or their executes, admkyfrxsn, or affigns, to pay or tender the money due upon the babe, after deducting out of the principal and profit as.aforefiid, k the goods or chattels pawned, fuch reafpnabfe fetisfo&ac, a refpedt to fuch damage, as any fuch juftice or juftices (hail oc^ or award, and, upon fo doing, the juftice orjuftieps fhaS pr> ceed as if the pawner or pawners, his, her, or their exeat*?* adminiftrators, or aifigns, had paid Or tendered the whole not* due for the principal and profit aforefaid; and if thefatisbftrc to be allowed and awarded to the owner orownecsjof feck gm or chattels (lull be equal to, or exceed the pritHupai aod pro* aforefaid, then, and in fuch cafe, the perfon or perfons to oboe the fame were fo pledged or pawned, his, her,.pr their ac& tors, adminiftrators, or affigns, (hall deliver the goods or chisels (b pledged to the owner or owner's thereof, without best , paid any thing for principal or profit in refpe& thereof, aod fiul atfo pay fuch excels, if any, to the perfon or,perlbns entiW thereto, under the penalty of ten pounds, to be recovered zl applied in manner herein*after mentioned.

XIX.	And be it further enabled by the authority afordd Pawnbrokers That k (hall be lawful for any juftice of the peace, upon coo "	*	plaint	made	to	him	on	the oath or affirmation of one prmcr

credible witnefs or witneflesj where any information (hall bete tgamft any pawnbroker for having offended againft this ad, a

itfpd-

fo produce their books when nccef-fary.

Digitized by

Gobgle

89.] Anno vfcfcfimo nano Georgii III. c. 57*	€65

fycdlmg Arty difpute between any pawnbroker and perfon hav-g pawned goods, dr the owner or owners of goods pawned, or fpedting any felorty or other matter, or on any other occafion hatfoever, which, in* the judgement of any juftice or juftices,

All make the pfodudtion of any book, note, voucher, or other iper neceflary, which (hall or ought to be in the bands, cuftody, r pirtWer of arty pawnbroker, to fummon fuch pawnbroker be-Mri him, to attertd, with all and every or any book, note, ouchCV, be paper, which he or (he may or ought to have in his r heir eoftbdy or power, relating to the fame. Which he or (he is ereby required to produce before fuch juftice or juftices in the Arethe fame Was ot* were made at the time the pawn or pledge was eceived, withbut any alteration, erafement, or obliteration whatever; And in cafe fuch pawnbroker (hall negledt or refufe to tttertd, or to produce the lame in its true and perfedf ftate, fuel* ttwtibroker fhall, in cafe he or (he doth hot (hew good caufe fof uch negled or refufal, to the fatisfadlion of fuch juftice or ju-tices, forfeit the fum of ten pounds for the ufe, and tp be levied n the martrret, herem-after mentioned.

XX., And be R further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That in cafe any pawnbroker (hall, from and after the end of	<>n

this prefect ftffion of parliament, in any wife offend againft this Ending **** adt, every ftch pawnbroker (hall, for every fuch offence, if) againft this negledting to make or caufe to be made, in a fair and regular att. manner, in ftich book or book* as aforefaid, any fuch entry as it inquired toi>e made by him, her, or them, by this adl, forfeit the fum 6f tert pounds; and for every other offence againft this adt, where ho forfeiture or penalty is provided or irapofcd on any particular br fpecifkk offence againft any part of this adl, the fum of ftve pound*; And that all forfeitures incurred by aqy offence committed againft this ad fhall and may be levied by diftrefs and file of the goods And chattels of the offender or offenders, by watrartt under the hand and* feal or hands and Teals of any juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, riding, diviffon, city, liberty, towrt, dr place where the offence (hall be committed; and it (hall be lawful for theiuftice or juftices to award to the parry tttthpfaftrihg, out of the (aid penalty, the fum of two pounds and ten {hillings, and the remainder of the aforefaid penalty or penal* ties, Wot bthferWife'difpoftd of and applied by this adt, to be paid and Applied to and for the ufe of the poof of the parifh or place Wtfeffe the bflfence (hall have been committed, and {hall be paid "Co theovetfeers of the poof Of fuch parifh or place for that pur-

j XXf. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That no Limitingtbe Pterion Or perlbns (hall be fubjedt or liable to any profecution or	Pro

Hrtfbfrrtitiort before Any juftice or juftices qf the peace by virtue of this adt, for any offence or offences againft this adt, uolefs infor-llttfirtoft (haH bd given of fuch offence or offences within twelve l&lendlr months next after the offence committed.

W XXII. Artd be it further enabled by. the authority-aforefaid, . t 'That the churchwardens and overfeeds of the poor of any parifh aens^&^to j'"	or	Profccifte,Ac.

Digitized by

Google

666	Anno vicefimo nono GeorgiiIII. c. 571	[ 1789,

or place where any offence fhall be fuppofed to have been committed by any pawnbroker again ft this aft, or feme or one of fuch officers, at the drferction or direftion of any juftice of the peace, on having notice from fuch juftice of the peace of fuch offence being fuppofed to have been committed, fha If, and they,'or tome or one of them, to be nominated by fuch juftice as aforefaid, are and is hereby required to profecute every offender fort every offence fo to be fuggefted by fuch juftice to have been committed againft this aft, at the expence of the rtfpeftivc parith whereof * they or he are, is, or lhall be, for the time being, fuch officers or officer.

XXIII.	Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any perfon or pef-fofts whomfoever, who fhall lend money to any perfon or perfon* whomfoever upon pawn or pledge, at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum intereft, without taking any further or greater protit for the loan oir forbearance of fuch money lent, on aoy pretence whatfoever.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Juftices not to That no fee or gratuity whatfoever fhall be had, taken, or re-

cc,vc^» by any juftice of the peace, or his clerk, or by any per-fon whomfoever, for any fummons or warrant, or other proceedings whatfoever, to be granted or made by any juAicc or juftices of thfe peace in purfuance of this aft.

XXV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every the provifoes, regulations, and claufes contained in this prefent aft, fhall, from and after the end of this prefent feftion of parliament, extend to and include the executors, adminiftrators, and aftigns, of all and every deccafed pawnbroker, in the fame manner as the lams extend to and include the pawnbroker when living, fave and except that no fufti executor or adminiftrator of any fuch deccafed pawnbroker fhall be tnfwerable for any penalty or forfeiture personally, or to be

!>aid out of his, her, or their own monies or eft*te, unlels the ame fhall be incurred and forfeited by his, her, or their own *ft or negleft.	i

XXVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons fhall, at any time or times, he fued, molefted, or profecuted for any thing by. him, her, or them done or executed in pgrfuance of this aft, or of anj chofe, matter, or thihg herein contained, fuch perfon or perlonsmy General iffue. plead the genera! iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his, her, or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict fhall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants fhall have double cofts awarded to him, her, or them, againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority fnhabitaptsof aforefaid, That in all aftions, fuits, informations, trials, and any place other proceedings in purluance of this aft, or in relation torany fence* com- matter or thing herein contained, any inhabiunt of the parith,

toon,

Aft not to ex tend to persons lending money at 51. per cent, without further profit.

or gratuities for afting tin der this aft.

This aft to extend to executors, fee. of pawd brokers*

Digitized by Google

J ^noo;Vicefitno noncr Gboroii III- c 57.	667

V	>n	which any offence or offence# (hull btcoja- Mltteri deem*

jtJQptrvy 10 the true intent and meaning of thi* a<9, (lull *1t5°2,Kt*nt £tted to give evidence, and (hall be deemed competent w e c,# riotwithftaridifig his, her, or their being ao inhabitant Tk afrit ants of the parilh, town, or place wherein any fuch icip or pfferices (hall be fuppofed to have betn committed;

’Vm. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-I^U\.That the juftice or juft ices before whom any pcrlon (frail *£<*onvj<fted, in manner prefenbed by thiyafl, (hall caufe fuch pfee^ivc convitfion to be drawii up in the form or io die effedfc cwlowing; (that is to fay),

den 0/ Form of Coo-

_	year of bis Ma -	*i&oHa

Jeffs reign % A. B. is utivified btfore ,	of	bis

Alai - *' ***	-	‘	.....



BE it remembered^ That bn this in the

Maj{/ly s jujlices of the peace for the faid county of £or j for the	riding or divifien of the laid county of

or,for the cityf liberty, ot town of as the cafe (hall happen to be] for	and	the

faid	do	adjudge him [or her] to pay and

forfeit for the fame the fum of

Given under

the day and year a/orefdidi

Add the faid juftice or juftices before whom fuch convi&ioo (hall be fradt (hall caufe the fame, fo drawn up in the form aforefaid, to fre fairly written upon parchment, and tranfmuted to the next general or quarter feflipn of the peace to be held for the countyf tiding, division, city, town, liberty, or place wherein fuch. con-vij&ion was had, to be hied and kept amongft the records of the far<jLgcp4{ai or quarter feflion > and in cafe any pci ion or perions fo convi&ed (hall appeal from the judgement of the faid juftice or Juftices to the faid general or quarter fellion, the juftices in fuch general or quarter fellion are hereby required, upon receiving the faid convidlion, drawn up in the form aforefaid, to proceed to tHe hearing and determination of the matter of the faid appeal, according to the directions of this a<3, any law, cuftom, or ufa^e to the contrary notwithftandingj and no Certiorari (hall be granted to remove any convidtion or other proceedings had thereof, in purfuance of this a#.

XXIX Provided always,and it is hereby forther.enadled by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon convicted of any offence or AppetL offence* puniftiable by this a & (hall think him or herfelf aggrieved by thp judgement of the juftice or juftices before whom he or (he (hali have been convidled, fuch perfon (hall have liberty to appeal tQ the juftices at the next general or quarter feftion of the peace, which (hall be held for the county, riding, divifion, city, Ut^ty^tP'Wn, or place, where fuch judgement (hall have been givfrj; and that the execution of the faid judgement (hall in fuch cafe fee fufpended, the perfon fo conyidted.entering into a recog-Aiitmceat the time of fuoh copyidlion, with two fufficicnt fure~

* VoLXXtVL	Yy	*	tics,	*

Digitized by

Google

J*

669	Adoo ▼kefimo^fkOnO'GBORORili.c* 5$^' [1789; |r

ties, indoulble the dim which fuch perfbnftill h*rei>den*4. l u judged to pay or forfeit, upon condition* to profctute focb ap- I pent With eflfeft, and to be forthcoming to abide the judgement 1 and determination of thi juftices in their faid ndxt'getkrai c*‘ 1 quarter fcflion, and to pay fuch cofts as the hid juftices in I feflion (hall award on fuch occafion, which recognisance the 1 foid juftice or juftices before whom fuch ConviAion (hall be had I is and are hereby impowered and Acquired to take; and the | juftices in^the faid general or quarter feffion are hereby author^ ed and required to hear and ft natty determine the matter of the faid appeal, and to award fuch Cofts as to them (half appear juft and reafonable to be paid by either party; and if, open the hearing of the fiid appeal, the judgement of the joftfee or jaffc* ces, before whom the appellant fhSl have been convtded, fital be affirmed, fuch appellant (hall immediatdr pay the foo which he or (he (hall have been adjudged to rorfeit, together with fuch cofts as the juftices in the faid genera! or quarter fef- ■ fion (hall award to be paid for defraying the expences (Wtamed by the defendant or defendants in Rich appeal, or in ddfaalt m malting foch payment (haft fufftr the refpeftive pains and pe-nalties by this a& inflidled upon perfons tefpedlively who iM negled to pay, or (hall not pay, the refpe&ive fonts Of forfeitures by this aft to be paid by or impofed open perfotts ttfjptc* tively who (hall be convidled by virtue Of this ad.	1J ?

XXX.	And he it further etia&ed by the authority Publickatf. That this adf (hall be a publick atft; amt bejudictfHy teken

notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other pcrftmv whotnfoever, without the fame being fpecially pleaded. '*'•

XXXI.	And be it further enabled by the authority afbre-Coutinuaacc feid, That this adfc (hall be in force for one whole yeat, eo4 of this aft. from thence to the end of the then next feffions of parivaMnt}

and no longer.	v*'	'	f

CAP. L.VIII. . J* V"’

Ah aft for better regulating and afcertainfhg the importation/id exportation of corn and grain; and alfo for better regulating tie' exportation of /larch, and the importation of rape feed.	‘

* 1	,-O "1 . »» *4 »V .

PrcSmble.	*117 H £ REAS, by an ait in the twenty-firjl year of. the.

ii Geo. 3. »V reign of bis prefent Mojejif, (intituled, An aA for tether c. 30. recited, regulating and afeertaining the importation and exportation of com and grain, within feveral ports and place* therein: mead* oned,) ttrtain rules end regulations ere eftablijbed	after taming

the common average prices of	, wheat, rye, pettfi, bum,

barley, malt, beer, bigg, and oats, at the market. called Tfo Corn Exchange, within the city of London, with, tha Intent and fir the purpofes therein mentioned: and whereas it it bfuibe-JmfreA directed and provided, that the -common prices of Engtifo rae* I grain, of the faidfeveralforts refpt&'ntely, as worn witbutfiiddty of .London	and port thereof, as at or in tha	feveral temm^flam,

and ports within the counties, of KcM te&E&Xn XabertmfarmOt

tin

Digitized by

17SftJ Annovictffimo mo no Guoium III;

WJbtr&Af® of tbofind fever eft forts refpettive/y/Ml or may baim* pw$r#ail* for ibt purpofe of regulating tbt duties payable <andto VA#'/;4«^ importation thereof* and the bounties payable and to ho paid m fbt> ePpartatmJbanof, be made therefHr k depend upon and fo(&®t*nfd‘ h the prises of the faid fevcralforti •/'Bririlh torn and grpk nfpeUively* os tbt ijomt /Ml be afurtaiaed within the city of	, '

London* by tie. pravifious in the faid afi contained: and whereas the faid recited aft requires amendment, explanations and alteration » aud it will he beneficial to the publick that proper powers and provi-Jim be ijisbiijbcd for. regulating the importation and exportation of corn and grain, within the jtveral ports and places within that part c/Qt^v Britain called Kuglaad not comprized in the faid recited afl% qnd in the town of Berwick upon Twefti: may it therefore ptafa ypvr Majefty that it may be eroded; ami be it ena&ed by,fti)e fting's moft excellent majefty* by and with tiie advice anduconfent of the lords fpiriutal and temporal* and commons, ia ^isnprefent parliament aflembJed* and by the authority of thcr/ame* That (o much of the bud recited ad as relates to So modi of by lot two corn fa&ors* and as requires their ptrfona) recited aft ai appearance at the court of general quarter feffions, for the put'- r*,ate* ioh pofef inrtbe faid recked ad contained, iball be, and the fame is fot“ two com hereby repealed} and that* indead thereof* every corn fador, fador*, and frofl^whem.any eetum is required by the faid ad, (hall* within requires their one calendar month next after the pafling of this ad, or within apP5arancc.^ ooefjdetnhr month from the time he (hall begin to deal by cqmrtdffiaa in the fale of corn and grain* take the following pealed;’and oatlv, or (being one of the people called Quakers) affirm * fnftead there-Videlicet*	of com factors

are to take

I . A* B. dfc fwear for affirm,] That the returns of the prises and ^^lowiD* fWtntitieo, of JBritifh corn and grain, which henceforward /ball be bp or for me fold and delivered, /hall) to the heft of my knowledge and belief* contain the whole quantity, and no more, of the corn bona fide fold and delivered by or for me within the period to which they /hall refer,, with the prices and names of the buyers refptfliVely, and, to	*

the heft of my judgement, conformable Soothe directions of an aft, puffed in the twenty fir ft year of ibe reign of his prefent Majejlyi intituled, An ad for further regulating and afeertaining the importation and exportation of com atod grain, within the fcveral pods mnd planes therein mentioned.

which oaiU or affirmation the lord mayor of the city of London

forahc tJWtc being is hereby impowered and required to admi-

ruder* and to grant a certificate thereof, to be regiftered by the

infpe&or of corn returns j and in cafe any perfon (hall carry on

tb^tiiadc or 'bnfmefs of a corn fador without taking the faid

oath* agreeably to the diredion> of this adt, every fuch perfon

(hail forfeit a*Ki pay the fum of fifty pounds, td be recovered by 0ti penalty of

warrant of dt&efii and hie* and applied in like manner as the jol.

acnafoefc'aad forfeitures impofed by (he faid recited aft arc

herein dtrefied t* bo recovered, levied, and applied.

Y y %	II.	And

$7o	Amw>	vfcefraw	$8.	£*7%.

InfpeAor of II. AndutbertPS tht Mw tf#***.**# <*f M"" and hcompUy, nnltftpHPtrjm dtaliti,as\ f&fdQw- amuhQged y fromrwT rt^*rtiutr rtfptflimatMuntsM-tbtsofptffortfypft r/<«r»U.bq* corn factor ia therefor* pn»#ed»That,-tfeq iafpeftqr ofeomretorus for the Lond«»,anl type, being frail aadi waydemand, take, «>4,rei*we,=9»<and l^WM^rn ftoan^vwry.pwlpo whodopsor m*y hereafter carryopi tfsc, trade of tlje cornrB	P<•* cwi.fadfof in the city	9T ia,tbe fob-

brought into Whs thereof, 4 true weekly account or returnof ^hejpseral the Thame* quantities. of COTA ojf grajn that (hail be brought intothc riftr ?lft*£Ld of Thomas t eaftwarrf of London Bridge pf the cefopdtive forts^mm* Bridge*1 which *WW*.io tlw before JWfodjift) by bint W* fdticW and deli-wa* lold by w<d during ftp preceding wqekj in which wppkly return him during frail he inferred the. price py quarter, and the amount of.eyey the preceding parcel, with the total quantity and value, of each clafs,a*aiK> wefk*	ilienamoor naoaca of thepurchafer orpurchafers thereof j:tbe

fhich return f*id weekly accounts .or return* to bechasgpd wifr. the.fati-af ed withon?" 9oe halfpenny for every I aft or tea quartans contained j$t -them, halfpenny for and be delivered to the infpedtor of corn returns a| the Carp every laft cm- change, or fent to hi# office within the time limited by. t he (aid tainedthere- repjted a<S.	.;insw

,n'	,	III,	Aid	inherent	thtfum of one halfpenny	every Ufa yiffqper•

ters*. dirtied by tht hid raisedtht tvMnty-frfiyyn-^tfiprmge tf bis prtftnt Mojito*to be	and rtyivtian	pay

fold and.delivtrtd,hath bun found tnfufficim	rmpbupefa. fhp pro-

prietors of the Corn Exchange the oppepcesthortfy*m on them j aad as it	is reafonobh that all joretgn urn and, grain, **

tht,delivery	thereof out of tbo ip which they JfrpjU, ho-, im-

ported, Jbould be liable to duties or chap get * - as well as up;f andjgnppi Foreign com of Britilh growth; be .it therefore ponded. That all wtreigneorn to be charged and: grain,. ( When ;delivcr«dput of any frip or (hips io thc-pop penoy "or of Loudon, frail be charged with one peony for cvpry Ufror every bit, to tea quartefp, and that, it frail be lawful for the jnCpcdaref be paid by the own returns, to demand, colled, and .receive the famefroua caph faaoror im- an^ every corn fadort or importer of com, on whole account todeBver an* ^uch foreign .corn or. grain (hall be delivered- outqfthe (hipor account frips in which the (ame frail have Jbpen imported apd thar tbe thereof to the corn fa&or or importer frail deliver q full and trap acpppnt.nf infpector tlie quantity of. the laid corn or grain to the com infoc&of, after unthip- wi,h*a 0°® week^fter the delivery thereof from the fhtp. or pmg. V ihip* } and the infpedtor of corn retuma may be paid fwchaa Com infpec- additional falary of any fum not exceeding eighty pounds, tor may be annum more than he is at prefent allowed, as the lord may#?, paid an ad- alderinenr 8od juftices of the peace, at any quarter fcfKons held “ falary f°f *He city of London,(hall order and dire#, opt <^thP\nM|iW that frail be coNedied and received by virtue o£ thifi	*.V

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforpfaid. The overage That the general average price* of Britijh com or grain fotnetdjy prim.formed formed, computed, and diftfnguifred, on the wboleflppvb*r of weekly re-	weekly dates or returns,. (hall be taken and deemed flfthp^aqd

turn, to be fo have been, the common price of middling Brififo fm deemed the , grain, of the «fpe<fUve for(S thaeinTmpn«OWd,,-ifk. aqo. duriag

the

Digitized byCjOO^lC

^nnb U^nrt6<fl^G*Oll®ir lH. G.	6yx

Wd gfencril avcng* prim ftlatf refety as commoaprice frAHsWihifi tRfe-dty"df IAndttr, and- port thereof, as within the fc^tVai phrts1, Tdwm, and places within the counties of £$/*> Londtfh, tftnrj an<f tSk^}.*V IrtiAfeift fotfcigti corn'or graHT'of the f»td t%- fc(Tb*, Kent, 'MftiVc'ftjrt^ htay he irttpOrted1; Mud which frid general average andSetRx. Wtii'ft Wall1 be lawful'f«lr tH£ fiWihM,d tnayor, aldermen, and Average ' ’ bfticfctof the pteaet of (Mid for-the faid city, and they are hereby pubffrhed In e^aifed to catrfe to’be puWHhed in the 'London &daart//, once in the Gaoette, rath dfihCfouffeveral wifcks-iinmediatelyfireceedMig fuehfelBons efphdiWeiythe expeh!tdsW<hdneh''pObneation(Han and may be ' "' jaid irtit of any af‘ the ttlbhiH in'thdtlfcndi of the laid InfpcAoT >Pk?drnrtK\Mis, byVirttte ofJtftfc fald’WcHed aft ;_and alio iiw- *n,.ocr^1, d neffiaWto eertity tlttf fcidi^utttO hls MajeftfS -eotteflt)rv<* jthet^cWeF officer of the cuftewisfbrthe time befog for the port tuftoms in )f thC' Rid1 Ci ry Of London, Who than thfereopew ttanftnif ucepy London, who n-'Sbjii^lbferedf tothe feterel eOlleifiOr^artd Otherchief officers ** totranfmit ifHw ‘CkjIhSttn for rfcetvme being', redding' in- the feveral ports, collec-owtM; bi"pl*ces within the’ fatd counties of Effex, Kent., and torsat the forcigrt corn'OT grain of the fame refpe&ive forts port* in

0	certified may be imported, a copy of which certificate (hall kfk*. ^ent» iefhihg'np rn'fome publklt place in thecuftom houfes thereto whenforeign jdbftgir^,' t& which all perfdns may refort for their information; corn may be ind- wheft’ever it Ihsrlli ppeaf i from fuch returns-to poblifhed, or imported.

d cMiflbfi asiifonifaid,-that1 the prices of all dr any of the for When, from iCnfl’kfWHsOfgtain in the faid rfedtdd aft enumerated are at Or theretarna.it ibdW^Uiisf refptftiVe prides Tpecified in an ad, palled in the aPpear# ,he hirWerttn yCii^ offiiS ptefent Majefty’s reign, (intituled, An k[ndo° g*rafn

1	R'iffegume the iftipdrtotion and exportation of corn,) then, and enumerated n fudh Cafe, it fifaH be lawful to import, at any port or place the recked ahef^fcofrrittth’bcfcwufuafiy, or may be imported, within the '*{* is *thor

rity pf H'tridori -and pbrt rtieredf, and'the faid counties of KJfen, pn^fpedfied KeW,Ati\W&uflix?aAMiiCh 'fpecies of corn and grain as ihall be in 13 Geo. 3. b tfetfHWd to be at or above foeh rate* as aferefeid, upon pay- c 43. it may Wfrtt bf dirties commortfy called or known by the name of K!n?pol1^d M l.o&[T)atift% and fhe dutiesand cuftoms payable and to be EfleX, Kent^* afbrefaid, on the importation of foreign corn or grain of andSu(Tex,on hfclfeybr£lT6rts therein mentioned, (hall becolledtad and paid payment of eSdrding'to iuch general-average p/ioes (6 pubUfhcd in the Jow \(fnHk <5wt#ie, or To certified as1 aforefaid, and by no other rule, d,,tlC,• eglifaUbh, or provifion whatfS^ver, any thing in this or the »id faW recited a&, or any other law or ftatute, to the contrary beftofttVaitywife notwitliftanding*

by tbo /aid netted aft of the twenty-firfl year fHAi f¥ifeki Majijlf i reign, it is enafted, That tbe bounties /ball e faid w anyBritifti com exported, according to a fubfequent re~

'tni ^ kjbbtitby 'MdnVthietuies and delays have arifen to tbe export-rt f bdit therefore ena^ed^ That the faidinfpedor of corn re- Infpector of irfhiJ£bWH^^ry week, fend to his Majefty’s colleSor or other f0™ returns fiiefbffifcet*^tfr thettiftoms for the time being, for the city of codec£>rof .Mbntvid port thereof ( who fhaH thereupon tranfmit a copy the cuftoma r tbpit^thcic^to^hd^vtral colleAors or either chief oflkera in Loudon, .

Y y j	ofmhoigtQ

67*	Amw vtcfcfinto rtono GeoroiiIIL	[£f7*9-

tranfmit	6f rite euftwAs for the time being M-the <*»«*♦'ptotQ. ttmm.

copies to the and places, within the counties-of Efftx,	and

collectors in week’s accdunt which by this ad he i* directed don koto'MMi.

■ndSoffe*1’ nCT bef°rP mentioned j' and whenever any Bri^trx^m

the week’s’ fhalf be exported from the fatd city of	and	p«>nt	rhertift,

account he is 6r from any port, fo'hn, or place, within-the (hid eotmator W

directed to EJfrx, }Kent,and SttjJ&e, the entry for ■exportation may bo made,

and the bounty thcreoh (hall be aftertainod, regulated, I paid, 19 to be the	...	[	.	.	,	.	ar	,	7	r	7*

guide for the according to the weekly average of the price of AjcIi corn sod

bounty to graih within the faid city and port, *s the fame (hall appear

be paid oq from the accounts hereby diredted to berranfautted to fforfeid

oWof corn co^e^or *or °*hcr chief officer of the cuftoms refpedNvdy, by

. c * the faid infpetffor of corn returns, until a new average fbaHte

fo formed and tranfmitted to fuch collectors or other chitf~aft-

cers, and by them received.

VT. And whereas the term of three months^ limited by the feU recited aft, hath been found to be too to*g for property afcercnimikg the average prices of corn and grain (except oats) for the pnrpofieef determining the expediency of allowing the importation thereof at the port ^London, ovd the Jcveral ports and places within thetotniiei ^Elfex, Kent, andSuflexi be it therefore farther enacted hr From Not. t, the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the fSrft dayof ioccto^Qf** ^<mm^rr onc thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, the>in« cura returnt fpe<^or of com returns for the time being (hall and may, and he to make up is hereby required to make up, compote, and diftinguifh from from the 6 and upon the fix weekly accounts immediately preceding each counts 3re- anc* CVCI7	of the peace to be holden for the faid city of

ceding each London, which he is by the faid recited «dt directed and required fdftons of the to keep, the general aggregate quantity/and price thereof* of peace for each refpeflire forr of Bntijh Corn or grain (oats only excepted) enc^a^ ^at appear to have been bona fide fold or delivered in and gregafequan- during the faid fix fevcral weeks, and 0lfo the average prices tity and price thereof refpetfivcly; and the lame being made up, formed; and of corn (oats computed in manner and form by the faid recited adt prelented inth^^riolf ^or	<luarterty rctufnV by him required to be made, IhoRdeti-

etc*	* vcr t0 l°rc* mayor> aldermen, and juftices, of the

the peace to be holden for the city of London, wheneterfteh feflions (hall be held, and (hall alfo verify the fame upon oath in fuch and the fame manner as by the laid recited adfc is pre-feribe'd.	^	.i.

For the por* Vlf. And be it further enacted, That, for the purpofesbete-pofts of this by intended and hcrein-after exprefled, the feveral enaftitoc timecoimtVes coum,JS Within that part of Great Britain called England -ftWfcbc to be divided Chided into diffridts, in the following manner ; (thtf STW (by,) into the dif- the counties of Suffolk -and Cambridge fhktf be ttte firft d&rifl; tricts he rein the county qf Norfolk fhafl be the fecond «4iftef&; rtW fpecihcd. finish and York fhaff be the third dlftritf;

Durham and Northumberland, ind fhe towfo ' fTwetd, (hall be the fourth diRr^ th* fffrfrtesriafocmblettod and JVtftmorefarJy(faW‘ bfc the fifth1	Obltmfrrof

lancajltt andthrjTtr fiteH be HteHiafclfiiiHof

flint,

Digitized by t^ooQle

&3

^/UiocrrtocfoiioBonoG^oHrafFlIlK e*$8.

JrHmtj Denbigh, Anglefta, Carnarvon, and Merioneth, Ono^ be >thc feventh diftrkft; the counties of Cardigan, Pembroke, Car- .

Glamorgan* fhallbe the eighth difti 5 the cqun->t‘»s of Ghutefter, Aomerfet, and Monmouth, and the city and county of the city of B*ifl*l, (hall be the ninth diftruS; the counties of Devon and Cornwall fhall be the tenth diftrhft; and she* counties of Dorfet and Hants ihaU be the eleventh.diftrid; act) that in the feveral counties forming the diftri&s herein.-before enumerated, (ball, for the purpQies of this aft, be included and be oonfidered as part thereof, all fuch feveral cities, towns, or places, within the (aid feveral counties, as are -eotmtie* of themfelvea, or as have or enjoy an exempt or ^peculiar jurifdi&ion; and the juftices of the peace for the Juftices at the Jecera) and refpc&ive counties, at the general quarter fefii-	Michael

ons to be held after the feaft of Saint Michael the Archangel next	aum-

, 'Cnfuingj (hall fcle<5t and nominate a number of principal market ber of prin-towns within each county or riding refpe&ively, (fuch nutnhpr cipal market not being more than twelve, nor lefe than eight, and fo as in no diftrfei the number be left than eight, except as hereinafter is excepted,) from which towns fo to be nominated, and from having peca-rwhich feveral cities, towns, or places, being counties of them- liar jurifdic-foives, or having or enjoying an exempt or peculiar jurifdi&rtn, don», the ond^being fea ports, the price of corn for fuch county, city, f^each town, or place, (hall be taken in manner hereafter directed: CQUnty (hall provided always. That in fuch counties where there (hall not betaken.

-	be four market town*; the prizes of corn for each fuch county 4hait be taken from every market town within the fame.

-	VUIt Provided always, and be it further goaded, That in Two marketi ' *that part of the third diftrid which confifts of the county of f9jJ.thc

-	Turk, two markets for die eaft riding, and two markets for the	"{|C

north riding, (hall be fele&ed and nominated for the purpofes north riding of this ad by the juftices of each refpediye riding; and alfo, ofYorkfhire ftliat in the fifth, diftrid, confiding of the counties of Cumber- to be fele&ed. land and Wejlmoreiand, it (hall be lawful for the juftices of each	“

tfcfpedive county to fcie<5k and nominate fuch markets for the Weft more-

,purpofes of this ad, as they (lull think fit, provided the nun- land fuch a her does not exceed four for the county 0/ Cumberland, and two number as for the county of Wtjlmoreland.

IX. And be it further enaded, That the faid juftices in their notexceeding faid quarter feflions a (Tern bled (hall, and they are hereby autho- four for the 6 - rifcd and required to appoint, from amongft the cbiet confta- former, and * fcks, or fuch other perJTons as to tliem (hall ,appear more expe-	thc

4koft, within their refpedive jurifdidions, one or more perfon nuart’cr orperfons, refidiog within or near each and every of the towns onS to ap-

-__I _________________ C'A	1..	_• i__fr.

fofcledted and nominated as aforeiaid, tocolledt weekly an ao- point perrons

....................>lle£t

cooat of the prices and quantities of corn and grain in fuch t0 c?jle<a town or towns, and-the perfon or. peridot fo to be appointed rountsofeorn ■ fbatlbs called lnfp*&tr or	Infptftots tfjof and grain at the feveral

' rjfrfwfe towns receptively} and the faid iotpedtors IhaJI duly and towns fo fe-. regularly, return, in every week, to the receiver of com. returns ledted, who • epptiswdhy virtue pf au adt, pafled in the tenth year of his >: \	Y	y	4	prefent

reeeiw of com return*, on penalty of sol.

and frujftnit

duplicates to the collect or oftbecuftouu at the port* within their refpectivc. v. pjftrjcis. , | ,

No mill*, ft*, to be aaiti*: tfpe&or.

Infpector* may be dtf-cbaige^. ,

Vtcaacin -may be lUcd up by Ueo jofticc*.

Ttrfpecton to take the fpl-towing

o*tbf

An/tft v^cHMoi nMoOEotmi^ttlb^jAon A

prefect	V	Amatlfer nrfefteutujftb^ftium

at '%ubitk xrru is fold ttv the feverai tsantrrs of? Or cut BrttaiA, and the ^uantit^etfpotted and, imparted, < the weetol ppr k»«pmi qmzoo» tie* $f com tad gram, onpamofAridtufgv tmqflE»e*yxtgk& therein, the fum often pounds; which rerqrns fhall be lodged with, and remain in the cuftody of, the faid receiver of corn re-turn*, for the pnrpofes xxf this iSLj and the inipedtoraor mljMP tors of the prices of coin and grain aforefaid IfeaU alloretan duplicate* pf(wch \*eabiy>|mGeaof com .and grain to rbe ceUcb-tor.Of oriier *hic£office* laifithearvftomss; ataU the porta within itheif reCpc£Uvcidiftai£t<; • and AacbbceMe&wor other riwcf ofr ca^fq a copy ithcacaf so km> hang^wpin linaiopubkd ♦dlaje in theevtf otn Jboufartthereaohcbng^niu^ tofoviteiar atifpejv Ipat may freely >refortr provided always* That tor, tperchaot* clcak^agsW, or other perfon buying com*far Ale, Jhali be capable of' being, appointed mar taf aehngaO an^ia-fpc^or vndec thtat aft; (god' that the Aid jufttdbocfcadlohair* power to difoharge any infoeAor or infpei^rouppibawmiiorat* be appointed as aforefaid, for mifoehaviaar-or negledk* omcott--plaint being made before them, -oruoath, by one or Oaote crtC dible witnefs or wiinefles, which oatbTiKh'fuftkeabose Jnsrehf authorised to admimftcr: provided alfo, Thafip loafed at?ah?"' death* discharge, orrchgnsiion of any fuch infpediu^rundfAd.^ tors pf the prices of com and grain in the fever a I diibidsfr: fiull be lawful 10 and for two iuibcc* of the peace adio^s'or ha divifion where foch vacancy mall happep, to ^point a taand j proper perfon or perfon* in the room or plate of fuch’itNitedtar or infpedlors lo dying, or tefigning as aforefaid; wiiirfedxidm-fpedoror »nfpe#of$,?o to be appointed, IhaMta&in thccKCouticw . of the duty appointed by this adi, until the then jiextjgcneni qua i ter AKiun*of the peace after the appoint men tm made, i X. And fo H further enabled by the authority afoedaed. That every perfon a pppimed infpctf orof the price* of command gnats as aforefaid frail, previous to his taking upon him the faid office, take and fubfcribe, before two jufticcs of the peace ferr the town, county, or divifiDo, wJiegc^fuch infpofhar (hall>rcidcf the following oath (or, beipg of the people called jgjutiers* affirm;} videluet*

‘	*	' ,	.	_	r	■	1	VS

I A. B. do Jiueetr, {or affirm,] That I totilat all timer mate im and trut return* to the receiver of torn returns appointed^ tree be appointed* by virtue of an o& puffed in the tenth par ofdbi& frtjcue Mojtftfi reign, (intituled. An a£t for regdlering; the prieex ar which corn is (bM h» *hc fevecah counties of Great Britainyuud the quality exported and imported,) of the weekiptfuamiemuai -prices of comand grain at the market hold at ^ d * oi ^ r ouotdiat ta the otcitattdehverjd te mehyxhe ftoewl^ buyers ef torn and grain at the fold mar he; and that I vvodofcmy heft endeavours to procure -true atmantt tf fath yaumus > and*penes, from fnth begets, amU* all thiugt, t+the heft of	and fttdp*	*

tnttdJ Q& tvformbk M) (fa	etfipajfeim^&sot^	'

t	ninth

Digitized by LjOOQle.

| Aaa#vkdi*lormi(»<lKoit(nrlilbdy^A	675	"

tftjmfof Mi mtjtflfKingGeorge	Thirdt	^	.'.".

tk+ fAata^l far better regulating and aicertaiwing tbeiftipef-	.,,,!

pmuuprl.exportation ot cmnao4gnun > and ahb tWbetterre> '

■—ipg<t>a?»3ipaKatton atftarch, and the importation of rape 1 Ag^bu "'III.-.’1	tii'.-'	'- .. • t t •

yt iii(>j K’ .	■	■	-	i*	\>i'-	*	■*»	r*	vv

wb^lfo thatcvpry fiich infpefiqr of the prices qfeerrt1 a rid grwrt SuohTiiUSe* ... tilrckuly and regularly enter in a. book or books* tfr be provided	r	1

dhept for that pttrpofe, the feveral accounts of tbet|i«mfties account* ' d prices of corn and grain received by himfromthe refpedfive the quantities yera. and of the retnma made op ihereotVBridtranfrnrtted by and price* of-. OaM lbe hid receiver of corn tetania in L*ndm\ wfdch^l^id ^™ cmaaita, book or books, and remrm^ihaU notbe made publick. l«.j^j^’ '(bewaby the faid infpedor, or by his privity or eohferrt, fOtunn.nuKle o<

.1 jV*

In' '	*•!

bachfuch infpe&or (haU refide, uniter the penalryand forfeiture proper ' tho foqn of twenty pounds.	-	■	■	i	-v>i	."•	° ;r 8n penalty of

XL And be it-further ena&ed by the buthdfiVy ‘oftfrilaW:1*®1,

'baa* tbefaid receiver of- corn returns fhdly and1 he it hereby'Receiver of qtUfed or* the firft day of Ftbmary, the frrft day lof '/Wiif,"(he,‘^orn rewHIS^ ritday oi.Augufty and the wy yean, to make up,

pon the bit fix weekly accounts or retutna by-him : mfuant to the dircdions of thiffaft,’immediately precWTr^|^craI Wrc.* ncfad tdjpe£Uve periods, the general aggregate quantity5 and >f each refjpedtive fort of Britijbcorn and grain (foats exc^p^d)^^), corn hat (hall appear po have been bona fiit fold or delivered, fh tfmf;lmd grain; luring foch fix weeks, withineach refpeditive	\vhich1a

ccoont he is by this act required to receive and Writer hi a book ^

>r books to be provided for thatpurpofejandin like mariner tHb general aggregate quantity and coft of all oatl5 ihati ftftlf^^p^Jf r ‘

ihe la ft twelve weekly accounts1 or returns preceding fudi^;*	r	'

grinds to have been fo fold or delivered vvithin* each refpefWir10 iiftrid; and fuch accounts ibeing fo made up^ forthwith to trartf- ‘ahd to tranf-mUavCOpy thereof, jcogecherwith a general^efage erf the pricei^*^ *c°Py of each refpedtive Ipecies of corn and grain computed th^efriM^Yhe c\?lec-within each refoeftive diftridt, during the feveraf terms aforefaidp^orsof the to hb Maieftp’s colfaftbcj brother ^ieTvoffitbrs^f^hVcuftotfis^Tuftoms, at 4 for^bt time being, trefiding in thev foverdt pbftsV	Irrfd

plactaniiv^each^difti^ivlterrin	cori^di^ gnhV j	n

imposed s^aod ihp laid j$(pe<fb*d colletcuW^othkr dtfceP dffi^riVprn may be afowtudsi^er^bherebv required to iieceivt artd/entef1 rhd’iyrhtlH^mported, a betotQribQfiJ^o.bekepbfo^that ^Mpbfe* and1 life1 fcdtiy'<wk° are to thereof to be Hung up io fartne publibk •phStV^t^ ,th%^xruft(^‘^?tcr ^ houfameterofi^	.dh^eribW'^t^y	refort	j and ^7from

iich the portation

alftMoycaul® ^ <u>py\t;hcreeftt\&*

^pd'gmin^V^TMn^ iWWS°

bewrn *

formed.

Digitized by Google

I

Till the Epi pbanyfeffionf, I790,thc iifual retnmi for afoettain-iag thedu-trct on importation, and the orders mw antho-ji(c6 bv Jaw, My bcmadc.

Whenever it (ball appear from the re* turns and averages that any kirn) of grain in the rrcited ad enumerated iv ar or atxwe the price foc-cifted in .

13 Geo. 3.

C 4t* u. ■ it <aay be imported within the feveral diftrids on payment of the low duties.

Receiver of corn returns to fend to the collectors of the ctiftoms fn their refptdive di-ftrids the weekly account he is direded to take, with the average thereof,which is to regulate the exporta-tion,etc.

Anno vkfefanonoas GftOtftJi I&CU5& 'Xr7*$-

formed, ind tmfinitttd to fucb eoUeflor* or ocher chief qfiratf*, and by them ntccivsd. .	^	-

XII.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That.Mthtng in

this aft contained (hall extend, or be deemed sr eocQrucd to extend, to prevent or binder the ufual return* of the prjt£t of Britijh corn or grain, for tlte purpofc of afceriiuning the duties payable on importation thereof, from being made unhlthe Epiphany feffion in the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, in the manner now dirtied by law, or 10 prevent the judices, or other per font, from making ftich orders, nr doing foch other aft6 thereupon,. a» they or any of them cefpeftfoely are now by .law required or authorised ro make or da; And fed* oiders or ads fo made or done (hall have the (amt force and effeft as they have by the laws now in force, any thtogriij this aft contained to the contrary not with (landing.	1	.

XIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afprafrid. That whenever it (hall appear fiom fuch returns and-avenges as aforefaid, that the prices of all or any of the feveral kinds ef grain, in the faid recited aft enumerated, are at or above the refpeftive prices fpecihed in an adk palled in the thirteenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, Anv8u nguhu lb* importation and exportation of torn, then and in fuch cafe it th*U be lawful to import, at any port or place where corn hath been ufually or may be imported, within the feveral diftrifts. before mentioned, fuch forts of corn and grain refpeftively, upon payment of the duties commonly called or known by die anueef the Low Duties 1 and the duties and cuftoms payable and take paid, as aforefaid, on the importation of foreign com a ad gram of the feveral forts therein mentioned, (hail be colledlad end paid according to fuch general average prices,, within each diArift rcfpedhvely, and by no other rule, regulation, or pro-vifion what foe ver, any thing in this or the fad recited oft* Or any other law or ftatutc, to the contrary thereof in anywiie notwithftanding.

XIV.	And be it further enadted, That the faid receiver of corn returns (hall every week fend to his Majefly’s colteftors, or other chief officers of the cuftoms for the time being, wiabao the refpeftive diftrift, the week’s account which by this aft be is direfted to take in manner before mentioned, with the average thereof; and whenever any Britijh corn or grain (hall be exported from any port within any of the diftrifts before aaco-tioned, the entry for exportation may be made, and the bounty thereon (hall be afeertain^d, regulated, and paid, accenting to the weekly average of the price of foch corn and grain within that diAridt, as the fame (hall appear, from the returns hereby direfted to be made to fuch coliedfors or other chief offices** mem the refpedtive colledtors or other chief officers aforefaid aae bapr-by required to receive and enter the fame in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe, and to caufe a copy thereof to be kapg up in iome poblick piece in the cuftom boufe thereto bdooging, to which all per fans may sefort) and boat fuch weqkjjr wftlgt

1789*] Afino vioefimo 110*0 Gsough 1U. c. 5$.	6fj

heixpbrtati&n Wf Coro andgral* withhvthtt diftrWt fhill be |ovcrncd and regulated, until a new averagefhaM be formed, inti tranfaffttei to focli collegers or other chief officers, and by ,

:hcm received.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That, not wit branding the prices of wheat or peafe (hell bete- 150 toot of fpedtftily above the rates at which the fame may be exported, bifeuit and t (hall and may be lawful, from and after the paffing of this a&9 *2° q,!JrteI! o (hip and export, from the port of Greenoek to the ifland of be wmiaUlf Newfoundland, any quantity of bifeuit not exceeding one him- exportedfrom Ired and fifty tons, and any quantity-of peafe not exceeding one Greenock to lundred quarters, in any one year, for the benefit of the fisheries {^T!00^ here, under the fame regulations as bifeuit and peafe are, by an jurJi^y be i& pafifed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Ma- exported to efty, (intituled. An aft to aBow tbt exportation of a limited quantity parts. f bifeuit and peafe to the ijland (/.Newfoundland,/^ the benefit of potwithftaod-hififbery there), allowed to be exported from certain ports of*corn 0?°** herein mentioned, for the benefit of the faid ftlheries; and alfo grain (houfd hat it {hall be lawful, at all times, to (hip and export ftarch to he above the ill places whatfoever, notwithftanding the prices of com or exportation jrain, of Which fuch flarch may be made, (hall be above the ratCd; ates for exportation; any ihing contained in this, or any other .

16k or a&s, to the contrary notwithftanding.

JXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That not withfianding the prices'of wheat, peafe, oats, or bar- aid alfo the ej% (tad) be defpe^ively above the rites at which the fame may quantities !>e exported, it iKall and may be lawful, from and after the	\

raffing of this adt, to (hip and export to the bay of Honduras, &c.t0thebty Or thb foftenance and ufe of the Britifh fettlers tliere, from fuch of Honduras, sorts in that part of Great Britain called England, and in Inch by licence proportions from each of fuch ports as the commiflioncrs of his *rofn ^ Vlajdfty’S cuftoms fhall deem proper, and for which they the ike * "aid dortimiffioners, or any three or more of them, (hall grant a cuftoim.&c, icence undcT their hands, any quantity of flour, bread, peafe,

)armeal, or barley, not exceeding, in one year, one thoofand hrfce hundred and fifty facks of flour, thirty tons of bread, thirteen tons of peafe, thirteen tons of oatmeal, and thirteen torts' of barley, under the fame fecurities, rules, regulations, cftridHons, conditions, penalties, and forfeitures, as thofe under tfhiCh the like commodities are now allowed to be exported to ris Majefly’s fugar colonies in America, by an a& pafled in the Fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Maicfty, (intituled,

An aft to allow the exportation of corn, grain, and other articles, to bis ' * MotyeAfifugar colonies in America; and to extend the provisions of in aft made in the left fejfien of parliament, intituled, An ad to egifteortthe importation and exportation of com, allowing the xpottstibn (f wheat, meal, flour, rye, barley, or malt, to the iflanis /	and Jerfey, to bread, bifeuit, and peafe \ and to allow

He exporlatfM^f alt the find unities to the ifland of Alderney).

3flVll.rAfhtibt k farther enabled by the authority aforefaid,	.

That	given	for	xkt	deeexportation of any 01 the

before exportation

.

of com modi-tirg, to he dif-charned on certificate from the fu-P'-Wmendant at the bay of Hondura8,&c.

PcrfiMn* grant-tngor making f|ffe certificates, fire to lie fabiHft to the penalties, *c.

Before >n.' x, 1796, tlfe quantities herein fpecl-tied of com and grain may be exported to Quebec, xi o twit hf* a nd-ing the prices ot *htat,

Ac. mav be hiflhet than the exfmrnr^ tion prices, dec.

Com faftort in London, and infpedtors of the prices

Anno vi&fimo hotto GeoROM IIT. &

before mentioned commodities (hall he difebarged; <fce#tH Ikatefrom the fuperintendant at the faid bay 6dr from any other perfon who Audi be appointed fbt that^ftirifofe by the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms, in iike^Virknner as the fccariries eiven for the <doe exportation of the htodities, to the (aid fogar colonies m America, *rt nowH>^ VntOt tif the faid difeharged by a certificate under the hand a rid feal of the cblledlor, or of any o^hfcr of the officers therein mentioned; which certificate the faid fuperintendant, of other pefrfon fo appointed as aforefaid, is hereby authorifed arid require#'to wrant from time to time; undW his hand and feal; and any person’^ranrihg or making any fahe certificate, or cotmfcfHetrih^, crafing, or falfifying any certificate, of knowingly *pbbljfehfl| fuch certificate fo counterfeited, efafed, or falfifiect, IhaSFbeftb-

jedt to the fame difabilities/ penalties, and forfeit tttfes, refpedtively preferibed and diredted by the (aid adt wttft'HfipSdl to the certificates therein mentioned; and that the &WpdrV«ies and forfeitures (hall and may be fued for, profecuted, netbmti, and applied, in the manner diredted by the laid adt, WrthftdB® to the like penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned. " :	^

XVIII. And be it further enadted by the authority afbrefind, Tliat riotwithftartding the prices of wheat, barley,- rye;1 fhall be rerpedtively above the rates at which the'lame fexpofted, it (hall and may be lawful, in confideratloh^bf Ok prefenf fcarcity in the province of Quebec, at ini tifhd~hrtl before tire firft day of January, one thousand feven httodrrf irii ninety, to export to the faid province of Quebec an/quaentJty corn or grain, not exceeding in the whole the followup quantities; that is to fay, two thoufimd quarters of thoufand Tacks of wheat flour, and eight thoufarid qhadters qf peafe, under the fame fccuritie?, rules, regulatiotrs, conditions, penalties, and forfeitures, as thofe underWWdh^tbe like commodities are now allowed to be exported'to jelfy’s fugar colonies in America, bv the faru |df pifletf fourteenth year of his prdfent Majefty’s reign; andthaf forts gVanting or making any falfe certificate, in refpe^ exportation, or counterfeiting, erafing, or falfifyiftg invfttei Certificate, or knowingly publiflting any fuch certificate ffdoftte-terfeited, crafed, or falfified, (hall be fubjedt to the fame riifabrfr-

ties, penalties, and forfeitures, as are refpedtivcly prefcr$e$,aflri diredted by the faid adt, with refpecl to the certificates th$re£i mentioned; and that all the above-mentioned penal tics^cffofi. feiturcs (hall and may be fued for, profecuted, recovered, tqji applied, in the manner diredted by the faid adt, with cefpidfc to the like penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned., _ u ^ XIX. And whereas the duty payable upon rape feed impartidfam Ireland is Regulated by the price, to be sfceriained in tke fame It&MT as the prices of corn and other grain are by law dire&ed JL* tained\ be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, Tb# all corn fadtors, or fellers of com, in the port pf Afe'cjtjrjttf London, \nd all infpedtors of the prices of com aiid gtiua «

Other

17&J.7 A^o vifcfima nono Georgii HI, $3t	679

maricetv (haU ^4 they ace hereby .req^irjed dUe#edofcon>;and ,

and prices of	**pp	g?‘"	->

c^^wd*Sfld Jjftqgnt *l refpedivc markets, in-tbeir weskty ketMcV-' -iccppoirs, ,10 *he receiver of corn returns i n London f who lhaB elude rap* '.. hereupon compute the average price of filch, rape feed at the fccjjn their x«t of, L#f4fnr and with in the feveraf diflrfds herein-befo^e wcfkly ac-ncndpt^d^aod .trapfinit accoupts of the fame at the perio^.ahd ^abefeed^ imes berqiv-bcfore^directed for the tranfmlttipg of the returns m*y be im-ff corn and other grain to the refpe^ive|;fpJWlors or othef ported from :hiefofficers of the cuftoms, for .tbepurpof^^ocefaid ; and affp [^1*ni,, and that it (hall and may be lawful to* import* epter* apd landiucb wawhoofcf,; apejeed from Ireland, and to lodge and fpeure the famqjn withoutpay-warehpufes* without payment of duty, under the joint locks of meat of duty, he ICing and the importer* and under fuch and the, like regq- wl!S^L,ikc laiions, Dfovifjons, and reftriftions* as corn or other grain is a^drn^ey* pcrndltcd tobc foimporred aodlanded.	be.

t <}QL And be it further enacted, Thar* from and after the apr Millers, See. pohupnipt of inlpedors of the prices of corn and grain* as before buying corn rncmioned, all millers* fadors* merchants, clerks, agents, and forfale,to atHer pertops, being buyers of corn Cor fale, fhall* and they are fnf^ors an hereby Required to deliver* or caufe to be delivered, upon.de- account of maud* to the faid, infpedor of the prices,of corn and grain for the quantities the towq whereat they (half tefpedivelybuy any corn or grain, of.c31hrc‘ * an account ,in writing* figned with their own name* of the tberMuriug Quantities fa by them received during the week, with the prices the^eek^ thqreq^and fyg what meafurc or weight the fame was bought a e|c. onpeJL in 4pfaylt; wh^repf every fuch miller* fador*, merchant, clerk, nalty^ql^. agent, or other perfon* being a. buyer of corn for fale, (hall* for 6y^ry fqqh offence,.forfeit and pay the futn of ten pounds; and	" ;

the several returns fo to.be made by virtue hereof (hall be	v\

allowed Jtnd received in evidence in all courts wharfoever. i 3tXL A^d be A further enaded* That every miller* fador* an*to take nefcnant*,clerk* agent, or other perfpn, being a buyer of corn thc tor (flc* fnaJl* within three calendar months next after the paflSna of this ad* or within one calendar month from the time pe Jftwhfbegin to deal in corn and grain, at any of the markets to which the regulations of this ad are meant to extend* take iod(ubfcrihe.the following oath, (or* being one of the people called Quakers, affirm) 3 videlicet,

[A. B. do f wear [or affirm], That the returns of the prices and ^th, 'quantities <?/" Hr i ti fli corn and grain, which henceforward Jhall be fy mrbou^bt,/hall, to the bejl of my knowledge and belief be true and itftydnd) to the bed of my judgement, conformable to the directions of tn iitiiptffedin the twenty-ninth year of the reign'of bis rmjejly King Seorge the Third, intituled, An ad for better regulating and kf&rfiftlirig t he importation and exportation of corn and grainy iirt^tfofor better regulating the exportation of ftarch, and thfe mp&rftfon of rape feed.

^htcb^th or affirmation any juflice or jurtices of the peace *

diltrids.

Digitized by LiOOQle

68b

Anno via^raa ixmo.GJKttatMi	f

diflri&a, h.andare-bcrcby authorifed and required JKoafafat^et* and every oath.or affirmation fo taken (hah bcrcturfa* tdirmdr filed by the clerk of the peace for the county*; aty^tow^o* place refpe&ively; and io cafe any perfon (hall buy coin fovv(yfa without taking.the faki oath, agreeably to the dirctfioaojo4*hi» on like pe* a<Sl, every fuch perfon (haH, for every fuch offence, forfeit hod

nalty of xol. pay the fum of ten pounds.	......

No debenture XXII. Provided always, and it is hereby eoa&ed by the on exporta-^ auJbority aforefcid, That no debenture Jhall be wade eat or tion of any granted, for the allowance of any bounty on any cwn,grainf#r cornfetc to he flour, entered or (hipped for exportation from any: port within gran ted,while any of the fad dillridU herein* before mentioned, during the

ofthe^fame11 tlinc *^at	corn	or graMI of the fame Ipccies Ata& be

fpecies is p^r- allowed to be imported into fuch diftrilt at the low dories, mitted to be agreeable to the regulations of this ad; any thing in this or aay imported at other a<51 to the contrary notWithAanding.	, ,

tic* hTthe*" XXIII. And be it further enabled. That the fcveral avenges fame diftrtft. ^ computed as afore faid, for the faid feverai periods, for cash Averages to	be	publilhed by the faid receiver of eoro rctonttii

he inferted in tlic London Gazette four Several weeks immediately fuocccdi&gtfct the Gazette, refpe&ive periods of computing fuch average.

In the re- XXIV. And be it further chafed. That, for the more otfiy turns, corn and effectually carrying of this a& into execution, the infpc&an te computed	t*ie Pr*cc$corn ^grain,10 he appointed by virtue farad,

by the bufhcl (hall, in all returns to be by them made, purfaaot to tbfefaee* of & gallons, tions of this ad, compute the quantities of corn and graarhy and 571b. to the bufhel of eight gallops, commonly called or known bfik eqtudVo a ftame °f The Winehijier Bujbel\ and in all cafes where .what bufhel. (hall have been fold by weight, fifty-feven pounds weight fall be deemed equal to one bufhel of fuch JVtncbeJitrtne*n*re~ , • XXV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefad, Infpe&ors to That the feveral infpc&ors of the prices of corn and grain to be receive fuch appointed by virtue of this a& (hall be entitled to, ood fail th°quarter** recc*vc fuch foro af*l funis of* money for their care and troofafe fefTions /lull thereio, as the juftices of the peace for the relpe&ivc coupties direct. before mentioned, in quarter fefTions affcmWed, (hail rtfpeflbdy order and direct, out of fhe publick rates for each county, ndtng, or divifion, in manner jpreferibed by an a&, pafled in the tenth year of the reign of h(s prefent Majefly, (intituled, J* a&fm rrgijltring the prices at which corn is /old in the feveral countusef Great Britain, and the quantity exported and imparted), for paying for the returns by that a& ordered to be made.

How penalties XXVI. And be it further ena&ed, That all penalties and are to be re- forfeitures by this a& impofed, except where it is otberwcfc applied and directed by this a&, (hall be levied by diftrefs and (jilc of fa offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and feal of one juftice of the peace a&mg in and for the county, divifion, or place, where the offence (hall be committed; which warrant fuch juflice is hereby impowered and required to gram, upon the confeffion of the party or parties, or upon the in* formation of any one or more credible wknch or witnefles oyon .	oath

Digitized by (^.ooQle

17*9,] ] A*{K>Tidtifimo none G®©* oil IU. Cv$& >a£fr(whkb*o*bfucb jufticc is hereby impoweredand required oadminiAer)* end ihe penalties and forfeitures, when recover-xtyafwr rendering the overplus (if any be) upon deocufa, to he parry or parties whofe goods and chattel*'dull be fo Manned end (bid (the changes of Cuch diftrefs and Tale being irft dedu£kd)ihail'be paid to the treasurer for the county, and >e applied towards the purpofes of this a&; and in cafefufficienc Itftrefs dialVnot be found, or fuch penalties and forfeitures ihall iot be paid forthwith, it (hall be lawful for fuch juftioe, and he s hcrebjnauthorifed and required* by warrant under his hand tnd feaii, to capfe fuch offender or offenders to be committed to he common gaol or houfe of corre&ion of the county or place whereibch offence (hall be committed, there to remain, without >ati or mainprise, for any time not exceeding three calendar uowths, ner lefa than thirty days, unlefe fuch penalties and orfeitures, and all reafonable charges, (hall be fooner fujly paid md fetisfied/	'

XXVII,	.And whereas by an aft, made in the thirteenth year of the eign<$fhit prefent Majefty, (intituled, An z& to regulate the im->ortaturn and exportation of corn), wheat. Mi wheat flour, rye, ieafe, beans, barley, beer, bigg, and *ol$% are allowed to be imported viSmet payment of the duties therein mentioned, in the manner and tnder the regulations and reflriftions in tbs faid aft fpeeified, into ibe repmd ports of Bnftol, Berwick, Beaumaris, Dover, Exeter, E^rtowuch, Harwich, Hull, London, Lynn Regis, Lancafter, Liverpool, Milford, Newcaftlc,Newhavcn, Poole, Southampton, Stockton, Whitehaven, Yarmouth, Ayr, Leith, Port Glafgow, Aberdeen, Kirkwall, any or either of them: and whereas it is ex-iedient they the faid privilege Jbould be extended to the port of Bofton; >e it therefore enaded, That, from and after the paffing of this uSfc, wheat or wheat floor, rye, peafc, beans, barley, beer, bigg, Ktd oats, (hslhaud may be imported into the faid port of Eofion, without payment of duties, at thefame times, in the fame man-. ier,aad under the fame rules, regulations, and reftrtettons, as ice by the faid adbof the thirteenth year of his prefent Majefty, pcdmdv provided, and ena&cd, for the fame being imported n to the faid fcuend other ports.

XXVUL.And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, rhstyfroto and after the firft day of Angnft in this prefent year, itod until the twenty ninth day of September in this prefent year, t>JhaU not be Jawful to export from, this kingdom, or to load, hip, or lay on board, in any (hip or other veffel or boat, in order a bn exported from this kingdom, any Briti/b com or gram, rxoept barley or malt exported under the regulations of the laws low in force, under the penalty of the forfeiture thereof; and iha&affncorn or grain fo forfeited (ball and may be fdzed, fued 'off prosecuted, and condemned, in fuch and the like manner, md. by fuch and the like ways, means, and methods, as any fovtv or grain forfaited by any law now in force may be fened, ued far, profccuted* and condemned, and that the produce hereof* (half and may be applied in the fame manner a* the e	produce



13 Geo. c. 43. recited.

and the privilege thereby granted to Briftol, etc.# extended to Bolton.

From Aug. «* to Sept. »9, 1789, it (hall not be lawful to export any Britilh corn or grain, except barley or malt, under penalty ot forfeiture thereof;

C ')gk

681

Anoo vkefuno nono Gsoftoti UK c $4* [17^

produce of any corn or grain forfeited by any law now in force may be applied.

except certain	XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted. That wherbi

limited quail- ^ jaw$ now ;n forcc^ and by the provifions herein-beforc byTaw tobc contain^* certain limited quantities of certain forts of corn or exported to grain are allowed to be exported to particular places fpecified in particular the faid laws, and in this a&, notwithftanding that the prices of places, and fuch corn or grain refpedhvely (hall be above the rates at which fwthTufe*of l^c ^amc oiay ^ exp01^* it (hall and may be lawful, at any his Majefty’t time previous to the faid twenty-ninth day of September, in this garrifons or prefent year, to export to fuch places rcfpedtively the whole or forces. fuch limited quantities of fuch forts of corn or grain, or fuch quantities as may be (ill neceflary to complete fuch limited quantities; or to export corn or grain for the ufe of any hisMa-jefty’s garrifons or forces, in the fame manner as the fame may now by law be exported; any thing in this a& contained to 6e contrary notwithftanding.

Aft to com-	XXX. And be it further enadted, That all and every the

directions, regulations, powers, and authorities of this a£t, ftuH 9t ;** commence and take place, and be had, done, executed, and performed, immediately from and after the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, uolefc otberwife fpecially directed by this ad.

CAP. LIX.

An aftfor allowing thi hke drawback on teas, exported to tbi ifiani: of Ouernfey and Jcrfey, and to Gibraltar, and other places on th continent of Europe, and to Africa, as is now allowed on tecs exported to Ireland or America.

Preamble. TTTHEREAS a drawback of the whole of the duties pad V V upon teas, which have been regularly imported into ibis kingdom by the united company of merchants of England trading to thi Eaft Indies, and for which the duties of cufloms and excifo have bun paid\ is allowed to the exporter on the due exportation thereof u tbe kingdom of Ireland, into tbs Briiifh colonies in America, on certain conditions: and whereas it is expedient that the like drawbacks /bond be allowed on tbe exportation of fuch teas to the iflands of Jerfcy o&i Guernfey, to Gibraltar, or to any port or place on the continent tf Europe where there/ball be a Britifh conful refident for theprete&m of trade; be it therefore enaCted by the Xing’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords (pintail and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affan-From Aug. i, bled, and by tbe authority of the fame. That, from and nfter 1789, on tea the firft day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and eighty* exported> to ^ ninCf there (hall be paid or allowed to the exporter or exporters fey,(Gibraltar, of teat, which (halt have been regularly imported into this iing-or anv place ' dom by the united company of merchants of England tradiog in Europe to the Eaft Indies., and on which tbe whole duties of cuftoms and | u	-	exc'k have been paid, in cafe fuch teas (ball be esqKWed i

conful, there"t0 *^e *fl**»da of Jtrfty at Gutrnf/y, or to Gifrelttr, at to hm I

P*

Digitized by Google	,

i7tl)	s&3

pohror^j^c^Sn tfte coiteftSrTtbf Europe sir!ttf^^hcbi ffoAPV&z (hall beallow-

Britj/b coafui rcftdcnt for the protection of	dWfr-	*d th£ ll*e

of cufttfms ’ind cxtifc is noW artlb&fd the ei^Rkti&fi of fuch.feas to Irihtti, or to tlYe BHtiJh oolonfes parted toire->r pldn&rions in Jmtrifa, on ebndition'fhat thr f^e'fhfclPbc Kd of Ame-’Xporf^d ifrfutffi and the Hfce diafhncr, and ut^r fech andttc rica, octhc like rurci, ^eguhtions, grdvHJon?/reftri6Motiy, penalties', and hcrein^rc-T Forfeitures,' asTuch teas are nbwfubjedVarid fifableto Upon the faibed. :xp6rtatiqn thereof for a drawback to FreMftA,' 6t*td tW Bfittjh colonies or plantations in America: and prO^idWsftfo, that a like bond (hall be given for the due exportation thereof With further condition that the exporter thereof (hall produce a 'cWlfiejfte for Hich t£as as (hall have been entered for exportaWort tertbeiftaods ofjcr/cy'hid Guernfcy, under the hand andfealbfthe lieotenant ^overnor^ or other chief officer, and of the principal officer*tof the cuftom* 6f fuch iflhnds refpeltivcly, within the fpace 6f fix mpnths from the exportation thereof, that the fame hare been iufy landed there; for fuch teas as (hall be entered for exportation td Gibraltar, that thd exporter thereof (hall product a 1 like certificate under the hand and feal of the gdvernor, Of Other chief officer there, within the' fpace of twelve months from the exportation thereof? and that for fuch teas as (hathfo he entered for exportation to any fuch port or place orf the continent of Europe, the exporter (ball produce a like certificate under the hand and feal of the Sritr/b cortfuf refident at fuch place for the proteltioh of trade, wit bin the fpace of twelve arionths fronuhe exportation thereof.	■	• 1	*	;	.

' II. Artd be it further ensiled by the authority afeutefakt, That A like draw-a like drawback (hall be paid and allowed oathe!exptutatipn of back (hall be tea to jffrifOy as is now allowed on the exportation, thereof to *xOWrtadonof his Majefty's Colonies or plantations in Americh, ori bortd^bllng [^to Africa, entered Into by the merchant exporter, with fofficient fccerity to hfi ftlajelTyj his heirs and lucceffoVs, in dbubld fhe vafue;of fuch tea, that the fame, and every part thereof, Thaft (the danger of^hC ie^s excepted) be well ana truly exported1 to, a'nd landed in.To/riq p?rt bf the coaft of Africa, arid not in an^othdr port or plrajfeyond the feas.	*'/*"

. Hr/, And be it further enafled by thef authority sforefeid*

Th^iio bond which "(halt l)e entered into fof the exportation of How bonds tea "to Africa, in pursuance of this aft,* fhallbe tfifchafged or glvcnJ°r.thc deiiveijea up until proof \s made, by the bath of the matter, of fuch tea" ljjat^purfer, or other perfon having charge W the fhip Of vefTel (hall be dif-durin^he voyage in which fuch goods Were exported, that the charged* faio^gpQd^ ^hd every part thereof, were fairly landed or difpofed of,‘1nmb^ qn tome p^rt of the coaft of Africa, and rtiat ho part thereof (fead been relanded in any part of 'Greftt1 Britain, or the . /

y^ftXr fiMcrhfy, Sari, ox Man, Or ifiy other **	-

rj^ice beyond the fe?si and by the oath or the merchant ' J

^ thaf (q the belt of his, heir^of't^ciV^nrbw- ^ \ % , v ■	**■	ad	been	dlfppfdjcf bf at the place or

‘dT'fuch'butftef; rtatfe, pti "

Vol. XXXVI.

purfer, or other

Digitized by

Google

684	Anno vicefimo nono GeorGii III. c.60.	[1789.

other perfon having the charge of fuch (hip or veflel daring the voyage, which proof (hall be made within Jthree years from the date of each refpedhve bond, before thecolle&or and comptroller, or other principal officer of the cuftomsat the port for the time being where fuch laft mentioned bond (hall be entered into, who are hereby refpe&ively itnpowered to adminifter the fame; and in cafe no fuch proof (hall be made as aforefaid within the rcfpe&ivc .times before limited, it (hall and maybe lawful for the refpe&ive commiflioners of the cuftoms in Great Britain to caufe fuch bond to be put in fuit, unlefs they (hall find diffident caufe to forbear the fame; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

IV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. If fuch tea be That in cafe any teas, which lhall have been fhipped/or expor-Briufn ^orat tat‘on by virtue and in purfuance of this ad, (hall he relanded any place for *n anY Part °f kingdom, or landed at any place other than which it waa that for which the fame (hall have been (hipped for exportation, not Ihipt, the the matter or other perfon having or taking the charge or com-feittrbt the" man<*	^*P or	or on board which fuch tea (hall

valued C C ^avc been ^*PPcd for exportation, (hall forfeit treble the value No larger thereof: provided always, That no greater quantities of teas quantities of fhall be exported under the authority of this alt than the lord teas to be ex- high treafurer, or the commiflioners of the trefcfury, or any three ported than Qf them for the time being, (hall, twenty-one days previous to cd b^he°W cac^ (luartcrIy fek *be unlted company of merchants of treafury. England trading to the Eajl Indies, authorise by warrant under their hands, dire&ed to the commiflioners of the cultams in England•

CAP. LX.

An c6l for granting further time for allowing the drawback upon the exportation of coffee, imported by the Eaft India company, in the Jhip Lord Camden, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix.

Preamble. \\f HE RE AS great part of the coffee imported by the united V V company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, in the Jhip Lord Camden, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty fix, yet remains unfold, and other part of fuch coffee, which hath been fold by the faid united company, yet remains uncleared in their warehoufeSy belonging to the buyers thereof which, by reafsn of the great quantity of coffee imported into this kingdom of late years, the proprietors have not been able, to export within the term of three years from the importation thereof being the time limited by law to intitle the exporters to receive the drawback of the duties thereon ; and it is rcafonable and neceffary that fome further time Jbould be granted for the exportation df the coffee imported in the faid Jhip Lord Camden; may it therefore pleafe your Majetty, that it may be enabled; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflemWcd,

o	and

♦

Digitized by Google

1789.] Anno vicefimo nono Georgii III. c* 61.

and by the authority of the fame, That if the Said coffee imported in the faid fhip Lord Camden in the year ope thoufand Seven hundred and eighty-fix, and now remaining uncleared in the faid company’s warehouses, (hall be exported to any parts * beyond the feas, at any time within four years from the importation thereof, there (hall be drawn back and allowed for the fame, to the exporter or exporters thereof, fuch and the fame drawbacks or allowances, and under inch rules, regulations, fccurities, penalties, and forfeitures, as fuch exporter or exporters would have been intitied to in cafe fuch coffee had been exported within the term of three years from the importation thereof, any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary not with-(landing.

CAP. LXI.

An a<ft for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the confolidated fund; and for applying a certain fum of money therein mentioned, for the Service of the year one thoufand (even hundred and cighty-niDe; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this fefiion of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise deftroyed.

<

X .530,000!. may be ifliied out of the confolidated fund; which maybe raifed by loans or exchequer bills on the credit of the faid fund. Money lent on Security of this a& not to be rated to any tax. Tallies of loan to be (truck, etc. Orders for repayment to be regiftered and paid in courfe. No fee to be taken for regiftering, etc. Penalty for taking fees, treble damages with cofts, and for undue regiftering, etc. the value of the debt with full cofts, and forejudged his office. Not to be deemed undue preference if orders of the fame date, brought the fame day, are entered firft, fo they are all entered; nor if fubfequent orders are paid before prior ones not brought for payment, if money be referved to difeharge them. Orders aflignable. Treafury may order the 1,530,000!. hereby granted to be raifed by exchequer bills, in the manner preferibed by the malt adt of the prefent feffions; the provifions of which act (except fuch as charge the bills on the malt duty, and limit the rate of intereft) to extend to this. Bills and intereft, &c. to be difeharged out of the confolidated fund. Bank may advance money on the credit of this a#. 393.7691- is. 3d.'remaining in the hands of the pay matter general, to be applied in difeharge of the extraordinaries of the army, from Dec. 14» 17879 to Dec. %4, 1788. Monies arifing by the Malt adt, Land tax adt, c. 6. Tontine adt, c. 41. Annuities, c. 37. Lottery, c. 33. Loans, 3,500,0001. c. 34. further loans, 4,000,oool. c. 35. and 1,530,0001. out of the confolidated fund, (hall be applied (with the refidue of the fale of French prizes) to the ufes hereafter exprefTed. 4,318,5701. for naval Services for 1789^ 410,5761. 15s. 8d. for the ordinary of the office of ordnance for land Service, 1789. 9,3061. 48. id. for expence ot ditto not provided for, *788. 418,0171. 6s. 4d. for extraordinaries of ditto, 1789. o,6iol. and 1,9141. is. 8d. for military artificers. 1,518^931. 16s. 6d. 3q. for land forces; viz. 638,561!. 14s. id. for 17,448 rffedtive men, officers, &c. in Great Britain, &c. 1789. 315*915!- 8s* ?d. for forces in the plantations, &c. 1789. 4,891b 178. nd. iq. for iifference between Britifh and Irifh eftablifhments, 1788. 8,445!. ios. id. for ditto, 1789. 11,435b ns. lod. aq. for regiments Serving in he Eaffc Jndies, 1789.	1,013!.	ns. iod. tor Supernumerary officers,

[788.	10,871!.	14s. iod. 3q.for ditto, 1789. 6,409b 8s. for general and

tafF officers In Britain, 1789. 63,0431. 58. to the pay matter general, ecrdUry at war, Scc. 171,787!. 5s. 5d. for reduced officers of the land orccs and marines. 41 al. 149. 7<b to reduced officers, See. of the horfe

Z z%	guard?.

685

If thd coffee imported in the fhip Lord Camden in 1786, be exported in four years from importation, to be allowed the ufual drawbacks, etc.

Anno vicefimo nono GeorgiI III. c. 6t. £ 1789.

guards, 1789. 3,3911. 148. »<L fof officers late in the fervice of the Sates general. 55,091!. 10s. for reduced officer* of the BritUh Amcri-can forces. 4*9071. xos. for allowances to ditto. 9,943b	3d. for

widows penfions. 177,4681. 8d. for Chelfea bofpttal. 364093!. 19a. to the landgrave of He fife. 3,500,000!. to difchargc exchequer bills, 28 Geo. 3. a,ooo,oool. to difcbarge further ditto. 191,34a). 13s. for fecret Cervices. 35,iool. for the works at Carleton Houfe. 34,370!. is. 4d. iflued in purfuance of addrefles of the houfe of commons. 6,118I. 17s. 6d. for the civil eftablifhment of Nova Scotia, to ift. Jan. 1790. 5,400!. for New Brunfwick, to 24 June, 1790. 1,9001. for Saint John in America, to ift. Jan. 1700. i.iool. for Cape Breton, to 14 June, 1790. x,i8iL Xos. fbr Newfoundland, for defraying falaries, to ift. April, 1790. 4,080!. for the Bahama Iflands, for civil eftablifhment in addition to falaries to 1 Jan. 1790. 580I. to the chief juftice of Bermuda, to m Jane, 1790. 600I. to the chief juftice of Dominica, to 1 Jan. 1790. 1,877!. 10s. for New South Wales, to 10 Oft. 1789. 13,0001. for forts iu Africa. 4,000). for roads, and bridges in the highlands in the year 1789. 3,oocL for the Britilh Mufcum. i.rril. 6d. for money paid to T. Dundas and J. Pemberton, efqrs. commiffioners for American claims, for expences, foes, and charges. 41,559). xis. for money iflued fbr the relief of American civil officers, and the fees and charges. i,*861.19s. gd. 39. for money iflued to pay bills drawn by the lieutenant governor of Nova Scotia, and the governors of the Bahama iflands and New Brunfwick, and the foes and charges. 1,075!. 6s. id. for money iflued to difeharge bills drawn by A. Mular efq; commiflary of the fettlement of New South Wales, and the fees and charges. 313,6591. as. 3d. for payment on orders for relief of American and Eaft Florida fufferers. 8,t8ol. 14s. 4d. for money iflued to Henry Bradley efq; for maintaining, &c. convifts in the harbour of Ha* moaze at Plymouth. 48,417b 13s. 5d. for money iflhed to Doucafi Campbell efq; for the expence of confining, maintaining, and employing the convifts on the river Thames. 761I. is. for money iflued to Mr.

J tunes Mouatt, chief clerk in the office of the commiffioners for enquirer into fees, gratuities, perguifites, and emoluments, received in feveni publick offices on account of falaries to clerks, and contingent expeuee*. 5001. for money iflued to the fecrctary of the commiflioner* appointed by *8 Geo. 3. c. 54. as to Daves from Africa. 3,000!. for money iflued to the commiffioners of the land revenues belonging to the crown. 900L to the commiffioaerg for enquiring into the lofles in Eaft Florida by the ceffion to the king of Spain. 4,693b 8s. 6d. for money iflued to the Secretary to the commiffionefs for enquiring into the lofles of American loyalifts. 3,000!. for lofles fuftained by John Reader efq; in Jamaica, by diflnantling an iron fonndery in 1782, by order of fir Archibald Campbell, governor of the ifland. *0,311!. 6s. 4d. for money iflued on account of the trial of Warren Haftings efq; And not made good by parliament. 331,6491. x8s. 3d. 30. for deficiency of grants, 1788. Supplies to be applied for the purposes before mentioned, Ac. only. Rules to be obferved in the application of the fum granted for half pay. By *8 Geo. 3. c.%6. a fum not exceeding 171,7761. 3s. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers for 1788. The overplus of which fum to be difpofed of to officers maimed, etc. or to their widows and children, as his Ma* jefty (hall direft. Duplicates of exchequer bills, etc. loft, or otherwife, deftroyed, may be made out under the regulations herein fpedfied. ,

CAP.

Digitized by v^ooQle

Anno viceflmo nono GeoRgii III. c.62.	687

CAP. LXII.

An for appointing cmmifiioners further to enquire into tie Ioffes .and fervices of ail Juchperfms who lave fujfered in their tights* properties and prof efforts* during the late unhappy diffentions in America, in mfequence of their loyalty to bis Majf/ly* and attach• mnt to the British government.

WHEREAS by an aft* made in the twenty-third year of the Preamble.

reign of hit prefent Majefty, intituled, An ad for appointing 43 Geo. 3. commillioners to enquire into the Ioffes and fervices of all fuch c. 80. reci^d. perfons who have fuffered in tbeir rights, properties, and pro-feflions, during the late unhappy diffentions in America, in confluence of their loyalty to his. Majefty, and attachment to the Brittfb government; and alfo by four feveral afls, made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-fixth, twenty-Jevent h> and twenty-eighth years of the reign of Iris prefent Majejly* certain per font were conflituted commifioners for enquiring into the refpeffive Ioffes and fervices of all	9

full perfon and per Jons who have fuffered in their rights, properties* and profefiions, during the late unhappy diffentions in America, in confequence of their loyalty to bis Majejly, ana Utacbment to the Britifh government: and whereas the purpofes intended by the faid afls are not yet completed, and il is therefore neceffary that the faid afts Jhouli be further continued3 be it therefore .eiiaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual aod temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament alfcmblcd, and by the authority of the fame. That John Joha Wilraot tifilmot efquire, colonel Robert Kingflon, colonel Thomas Dundas,	colonel

John Marfb efquire, Jeremy Pemberton efquire, and Robert Mac-	l°S"

xffizie efquire, Ih^ll be, and they are hereby conflituted commit commiffion-fipners for the purpofes in the laid recited ads mentioned, en.

' II. And be it further enaded, That any two of them the faid Commifiion-John IVibnot efquire, colonel Robert Kingflon* colonel Thomas era to be Dundas, John Marfb efquire, Jeremy Pemberton efquire, and Ro- fworn* b{rf Mackenzie efquire, before they enter upon the execution of 'this, ad, ihall take an oath before the matter of the rolls for the time being, or one of his Majefty’s juftices of the court of King’s 'bench, common pleas, or barons of the exchequer, (which they <pr either of them are hereby authorifed and required to admi-ruder), in the form following; (that is to lay,)

I A. B. do fwear* That* according to the left of my Jkill and know- The oath;

ledge > I will faithfully, impartially, and truly execute the feveral flowers and trujls vejled in me by an afl* intituled, An ad for appointing commillioners further to enquire into the Ioffes and fervices of all fuch peribns who have (uttered in their rights, pro- 71 perties, and profeflions, during the late unhappy diffentions in America, in confequence oY their loyalty to his Majefty, aod attachment to the Britifh government, according to the tenor and furpqrt tf the faid afl,

Ti 3	And

Comraiffion-cra may examine parties on oath.

Commifiion-. era to meet, and to (end tor perfona or papers.

to appoint clerks, etc.

Perfona delivering in fraudulent claims to be excluded from any compenfa-tion.

Aimo vicefimo notio Georgii III. c.6i.	[1789.

And every other of them the faid John Wilmt efquire, colonel Robert King/} on > colonel Thomas Dundas, John Marjk efquire, Jeremy Pemberton efquire, and Robert Mackenzie efquire, (hall like-wife take the fame oath before the faid two commiflioaers, who are hereby authorifed and required to adminifter the fame, after they (hall themfelves have taken the faid oath as aforefaid*

III.	And be it further enadted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid com mi (Goners, or any two or more of them, and they are hereby authorifed, impowered, and required* to examine upon oath (which oath they, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorifed to adminifter), all perfons whom the faid commiftioners, or any two or more of them, (hall think &t to examine, touching all fuch matters and things as (hall be ncceflary for the execution of the powers vefted In the faid commiftioners by this adl; and all fuch perfons are hereby direded and required punctually to attend the faid commiffioa-ers at fuch time or place as they, or any two or more of them, (hall appoint.

IV.	And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That the faid commiftioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorifed to meet and fit, from time to time, at the r prefent place of meeting, or at fuch other place as they, or any two or more of them, (hall think proper, with or without adjournment, and to fend their precept or precepts, under their hands and fcais, for any perfon or perfons whatfoever, and for fuch books, papejs, writings, or records, as they (hall judge neceffary for their information in the execution of the powers vefted in the faid coroouf-fioners by this ad; and the faid commiftioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorifed to appoint and employ fuch clerks, meflengers, and officers, as they (hall think meet, and to give to every of the faid clerks and officers an oath for his true and faithful demeanor, in all things relating to the due performance of the truft repofed in him by the faid commiftioners, and in all other things touching the premifes; which clerics and officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform tbfc truft in them feverally and refpedtively repofed, without taking any thing for fuch their fervice, other than fuch (alary or rewards as the faid commiftioners, or any two or more of them, (hall think fit to diredt and appoint in that behalf.

V.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That if h (hall have appeared to the commiftioners appointed by the (aid recited adts, or (hall hereafter appear to the commiftioners appointed by this adt, that any perfon hath delivered, or (hall hereafter deliver to them, an account or claim beyond the real lofe fufhined by him or her, with an intent to obtain more than a juft compenfation ; and if the faid commiftioners, or any moor more of them, (hall have been or (hall hereafter be of opinion that fuch account or claim was or is fraudulent, then fuch perfon fo having claimed, or who (hall hereafter fo claim, (hall be abfolutely excluded from any compenfation or provifion whatfoever.

VI. And

Digitized by v^ooQle

1789.] Anno vicefimo nono GeoRGII III. C. 62.	689

VI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Perfonsgiving in cafe any perfon or perfons, upon examination upon oath be- Pliable to fore the faid commiffioners, or any two or more of them re- the penaitiCg fpe6Uvety as before mentioned, fhall wilfully and corruptly give of perjury, falfe evidence, every fuch perfon fo offending, and being thereof

duly convi6led, (hall be and is and are hereby declared to be fub-je& and liable to fuch pains and penalties as by any law now in being perfons convidled of wilful and corrupt perjury are fubjeft and liable to.

VII.	And whereas provifion was made by an aft made in the iajl Geo. 3. feffion of parliament, intituled, An a<ft for appointing commiffioners c. 44. further to enquire into the Ioffes and fervices of all fuch perfons

who have fuffered in their rights* properties, and profeffions, during the late unhappy diffentions in America, in confequence of their loyalty to his Majefty, and attachment to the Britijh government, for enquiring into the cafes of perfons who fujlained Ioffes either by furnifhing provifion sy or other neceffary articles for the Jcr-vite of his Majefly's navy or army in America, during the late war; or by having their property ufed, feized, or< defrayed, for the carrying on the publick fervice there, and for which they have hitherto received no compenfation: and whereas the enquiry thereby authorifed is not commifli0n. corhpleted5 be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the faid cr8 to enquire colonel Thomas DundaSy Jeremy Pemberton efquire, and Robert into claims Mackenzie efquire, or any two of them, fhall enquire into all madeprevious fueh Ioffes or demands which have been made as aforefaid, pre-vious to the third day of June one thoufand feven hunched and furnifhing Y eightv-eight, in th6 fame manner, and under the fame rules, provilionsfor regulations, powers* and authorities, as the commiffioners are the navy or authorifed to enquire into Ioffes (attained by perfons in confe- a.rmy m Ame-quence of their loyalty to his Majefty, and attachment to the [h^au war, Britijh government.	etc. *

’ VHI. And whereas the perfons herein-after mentioned have been preventedy by fuch particular circumflances as appear to intitle them to fpecial indulgence y from preferring or from projecting their claims during the times allowed by two feveral aftSy made in the twenty third and twenty-fifth years of the r'iign of his prefent Majefiyy from whence it may happen that the [aid pirjons may be deprived of the relief intended by the faid afts: be it therefore enabled, That the faid commif- Commiflion-fioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby impowered to cdvTthe^ receive the claim or claims of Mary Brifiow widow, and others, claims of the Mary Brerewood widow, captain John Collety James Campbelly pcrfbns herc-captain Henry CollinSy Thomas Coombes fenior, William Clark, the in named; heirs of Matthew Colvilley Daniel Dunbar, James Donovan, Con-way Dobbsy Richard and Edward Brice Dobbs, Donald Frazer, Samuel Goldfburyy Lorenda Holmes, the executors of Capel and Ofgood Han bury y John Harmery Robert JohnJloney William Lowthery JVtl-Uam Lovey Lambert Mootey the reverend John Milner, Farquhar Maltolmy Elizabeth Miller widow, captain Alexander Middletony colonel Daniel Flummery Ann Ruffcl widow, lieutenant William ilobittSy John Rogers, and others, creditors of John and Gilbert Buchanan, Samuel Stearns, Charles Stuart, Ifabella Taylor, Roger

Z z 4	Fleming,

Digitized by Google

%o

but not to rc* port on their cafes, unlefs they receive proof of the parties having been prevented from delivering their claims in dne time.

Commiflioti-ers to give an account of their proceedings to the treafury and fecretaries of ftate.

Treafury to pay 4,0001, to the com-miflionen j

for paying clerks, etc.

Anno vicefkno nono Georgh Uh C.fa* [ 1789J

Fleming* Jane Turner, colonel James Vernon* Jvfepb Parker Wickham* Robert William Walker, John White, Alexander Wilfon*. George and Andrew Buchanan, CW/« Dunlap and company, Colne Dunlop and fon and company, Dunlaps and Graft* Donald Scotnnd company, Glafsford* Gordon, Monteatb and company, John Glafs* ford and company, Henierfon M'Cuul and company, George Kippen and company, George M'Caul and. company, John M'Dowell and company, Mur dobs* Donald and company, Wil* Ham M'Tier* Ofwald Dennifton and company, James Ritchie and company, Spiers* French and company,. Alexander Spiers, John Bowman and company, Thompfon Snodgrafs and company, Samuel Gift* David Ruffel* James Brown, William Henery, Thomas Burns, William Drake, Thomas McGuire* Margaret 0'Kennedy* and Ben* jamin Ogden.

IX Provided always, and be it enalted, That the commif-fioners appointed by this aIt (hall not proceed in or report on tho cafes of any of the perfons herein named, unlefs they (hall have been previoufly fatisfied, by proof on oath, (which oath the faid commiflioners, or any two of them, are hereby autho-rifed to adminifter), that the faid perfons have been prevented from delivering in or profecuting their claims within the periods limited by any former alts, from illnefe or other unavoidable caufes, or from the perfons fo claiming having been employed in endeavouring to obtain reftitution from any of the American dates, within which their properties were fituated, for which they claim compenfation.

X.	And be it further enalted, That the faid cornmiffioners (hall, from time to time, at their diferetion, or as often as they

. (hall be thereunto required, and as foon as poflible after the determination of their examinations and proceedings, by virtue of this aIt, without any further requifition, give an account of their proceedings, in writing, to the lords coauniflioners of bis Ma-jefty’s treafury, and to his Majefty’s principal fecrctarics of date for the time being.

XI.	And be it further enalted, That the lords commtfiioners of the treafury, or lord high treafurer for the time being, are hereby authorised and required to iffue and caufe to be paid all fuch fums of money, not exceeding two thoufand pounds, to fuch perfon or perfons as the faid commiffioners, or any two or more of them, (hall, by writing under their hands, defire or direct, out of any part of the publick monies remaining in his Majefty’s exchequer; which fum fo ifTaed and paid (hall be employed for the payment of clerks, meffengers, and other officers, and in defraying all other ncceflary chavges in or about the execution^ the powers of this alt, and in fuch manner, and in fuch proportions, as (hall be appointed by the faid commtffion-

* ers, or any two or more of them, by writing under their hands and Teals in that behalf, the fame to be accounted for	-

perfon or perfons to whom the fame (hall be ifiued and pro,' according to the courfe of his Majefty’s exchequer, wirh#w**oy fee or other charges to be taken or dema&dcd for the ifipiog and

pay-

Digitized by

Google

[789*] Anno vicetimo bobo Georgii III. c. 63.	691

>ayment of the fame, or on the parting of the faid accounts,

>ther than /uch fum as the faid commiffioners, or any twp or nore of them, (hall appoint; and which money To iffued (hall lot be fubjedt to any tax, duty, rate, or afleflincnt whatfoever, mpofed by authority of parliament. *

XII.	Provided always, and be it cnadlcd, That any of the Commiffion-aid commiffioners being on half pay, as an officer of the navy era may re->r army, (hall be intitled to receive foch half pay, notwithftanding ceive half pay my compenfation that may be made to him for executing the foltowililthC lowers of this ad!, on his taking the following oath before lome	*

uftice of the peace, who is hereby impowered to adminifter tbe ame:

I A. B. do [vjeary That I had noty between	any	place	oath.

or employment of profity civil or military, under his Majeflyy be-ides Juch compenfation as Jhall have been or may be made to me as a com-mijfloner for enquiring into the lojfes and fervices of all [uch perfons who have fuffered in their right Sy proper ties, and profeffionSy during 'be late unhappy dijfentions in America, in conjequence of their loyalty '0 bis Majeflyy and attachment to the Britifh government.

And the taking the (aid oath (hall be fufficient to in title fuch perfon to repeive his half pay, without taking any other oath* my law, ufagc, or cuftom, to the contrary thereof notwith-rtanding.

XIIL And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid.

That in cafe of a vacancy or vacancies, by death or refignation, In cafe of the of any one or more of the faid commiffioners, during the recefs death,etc. of of parliament, it (hall and may be lawful for his Majefty to no- Jr.dSrbig the" minate and appoint fuch perfon or perfons as he may think pro- recefs of par* per to fupply fuch vacancy or vacancies; and that every perfon lament, his fo nominated and appointed (hall be held and confidered to be	f

inverted with all the fame powers as are delegated to the com- another, mi (Turners appointed by this ad!.

XIV. And be it further enadted, That this ad! (hall continue Continuance in force until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven °f thia hundred and ninety, and no longer.

CAP. LXIU.

An afl to exempt all piece goods wove in this kingdom, and which jhall be fold by auftiont from the duty impofed on fuch [ales; for exempting perfons licenjed to retail fpirituous liquors from the payment of tbe duties impofed on Juch licencesy who /hall leave off retailing fuch liquors before the expiration of tbe time for which fuch licences /ball be granted; and for obliging perfons who /hall deal in brandyy not being retailers, reftifier$y or diflillerfy to take cut licences for that purpofe.

WHEREAS, by an aft made in the twenty-feventb year of Preamble.

the reign of his prefent Majeflyy (intituledy An ad! for re- Geo. 5-pealing the feveral duties of cufioms and excife, and granting,c,I3*rccitc<k other duties in lieu thereof* and for applying the faid duties.

Digitized by

Google

t°ge-

6$l

From Oft. 1, 1789, piece goods woven in this kingdom may be fold in the quantity taken from

Anno vicefimo nono GeoftGll III. c.€$.	[1789*

together with the other duties compofing the publick revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the redaction of the national debt,) an excife duty of feven-pence is chargeable fer every twenty /hillings of the purchafe money arifing or payable by virtue of any fale at auction in Great Britain (among other goods and chattels) of all piece goods, and other goods woven or fabricated in the loom in Great Britain: and whereas it would greatly encourage the manufacture of fuch goods in this kingdom, if the fame were allowed to be fold by auction entire as the fame were taken from the leom9 and in lots of a certain price, for or on account of the manufacturers or fir ft pur chafers thereof refpeCiively9 free of the faid duty ; be it therefore eoaCted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from after the firft day of October one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, ail goods whatfoever,

woven or fabricated in the loom in this kingdom, which (hall

■ ~

the loom, and foc fold cntire in the piece or quantity in which the fame were price of aoh taiccn fTom the loom, and in lots, each lot whereof dhal! be of or upwards] the price of twenty pounds ftcrling or upwards, (hall and may without pay- be fold by publick fale, by way of au&ion, in lots as aforefaid, ing the aufti- for or on the account of the manufacturers or firft purchaferc pofed^the thereof refpedively, by any perfon duly licenfed to exercife the recited aft; trade or bufinefs of an auctioneer, but not otherwife, free of the faid duty.

but not in any II. Provided always, That no perfon fhall be exempted from

other than en- the payment of the faid duty, for or in refpeCt of any fuch goods

'Vk- fold by way of auction, unlefs fuch fale (hall be carried on in nor unleu the r J / r	.	,	e	.	.	,

good* are ex- *ome warehouse, room, or place, whereof a true and particular

pofed at the entry in writing fhall have been made with the proper officer at fale.	the next office of excife within the limits where fuch warehoufe,

room, or place (hall be fituated, and unlefs fuch goods fhall be openly (hewn and expofed at the time and place of fuch fale. Auctioneer to III* Provided alfo, and it is hereby Further enaCted, That give fecurity every perfon acting as auctioneer, at every fqch publick fale by way of auction as aforefaid, (hall, over and besides the bona now directed by law to be given on receiving his licence, give further fecurity by bond to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, in the fum of five thoufand pounds, with two or more fure-ties, which fecurity the commiffioners of excife, or any two or i^ore of them for the time being, in England and Scotland re-fpeCtively, or fuch perfon or perfons as the faid commiffioners refpeCtively fhall from time to time appoint for that purpofe, re hereby authorifed and impowertd to take, that he will, wfrhm fourteen days after fuch fale at auftion of any goods 'woven'or fabricated in the loom as aforefaid, deliver, at the next office of excife within fuch limits as aforefaid, a true, exaCk, and particular

Digitized by Google '

lor delivering, at the next excife office, an account of the fale of fuch goods, See.

, Anno vicelimo nono Georgii III. c. 63*	693

account in writing of thefeveral lots and parcels of fuch a ^wrhich.ftiall have been fold, the amount of the money bid rfv/ale, and the price of each-lot and parcelj and further, not at any time knowingly offer or put up for Tale, at audtion, any piece goods or other goods woven or icated in the loom out of this kingdom, or any goods -woven abricated in the loom in this kingdom which (hail not be red or put up for falc or fold,entire in the piece or quantity which the fame were taken from the loom, and in lots as refaid, for or on the account of the manufacturer or firft chafer thereof, without charging, for every twenty (hillings the purchafe money thereof, the faid duty, according to the es and directions of an adt of the feventeenth year of his pre-X Majefty’s reign, (intituled. An aft for granting to bis Ma-'y certain duties on licences to be taken out by all per font afting as Qioneers $ and certain rates and duties on all lands, houfes, goods, d other things fold by mftion; and upon indentures, leafes, bonds, tds? and other inftruments,) and that be will not be. concerned any untrue or fraudulent contrivance or device with intent to 11 any piece goods, or other goods woven or fabricated in the tom, contrary to the true intent and meaning of thixadt.	.........

IV.	And be it further enadted, That in cafe it (hah appear Bonds to be tat the party entering into fuch; bond hath a&ed contrary to Put

he true intent and meaning of fuch bond,.and of thb^prefent	"trCm

<ar it (hall be lawful for the refpcdtive commiflioners of excifc o:caufe every fuch bond to .be put in fuit.

V.	And whereas by an aft, made in the twenty feventh year of

be reign of bis prefent Majejly, (intituled, An adfc for laying 17 Geo. 3. additional duties upon licences to be taken out by perfons c* recited. Sealing by retail in fpirituous liquors,) reciting, that it was expedient that additional duties Jhould be paid by all perfons who Jhould take out licences to deal by retail in fpirituous liquors, it is enafted, That, from and after the fifth day of July one tboufand feven hundred and eighty feven, there Jhould be raifed, levied, code fted, and paid, unto and for the ufe of bis Alojefly, his heirs and fucceJforSi the feveral and refpeftive fums in the faid aft in that behalf mentioned,.} or and upon all licences to be taken out annually in manner in the faid aft mentioned, by all perfons. who (ball retail any diflilled fpirituous liquors, orJlrong waters, within Great Britain: and whereas divers perfons woo take out fuch licences do afterwards, and before the expiration of fucb licences, leave off the retailing of fpirituous liquors, and thereby ceafe to derive any profit to them/elves from juch licences, although theyfitil continue liable to make good'tbe future payments by the faid aft dtrefted to be made for or in refpeft of fuch licences \ be it therefore enadted, That no perfori or, perfons who pcrfon8 now. is or are, or hereafter (hall be, duly licenfed to retail ing a month’s diflilled fpirituous liquors, and whp (hall, before the expiration notice to the of any fuch licence by the faid act directed to be taken out, give fuP^vifor of to the collector or fupervifor of excife of the coiiedfcion or dif- theirlintents tri&in which fuch perfon or perfons (hall refide, one month’s on to leave off previous notice of his, her, or their intention to leave off the retailing fpU . .	retailing	^tuous 1U

Digitized by Google

recited ad, after they (hall bare fo left off;

*94	Anno	yicefimo	nono	Geqrgii	1U.	c.	$g.	[i	jlj.

quors, ndt to retailing of fpirituous liquors, and (hall alb, within (ucb the'payment I?ont^» kavc thc ^tailing of fpirituous liquor** fc of any money	10 ibc payment of any (tun or fums ofmoney wharfeever

impofed by by the (aid ad direded to be paid, at any time after be. ftt, a J ^ they (hall fo leave off the retailing of fpirituous liquors; aarf ai and every fuch licence (hall, from and immediately after the expiration of fuch one month, become noil and void to aB intents and purposes whatsoever; any thing in the (aid ad contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithstanding*

VI.	And be k further enaded. That no perfoo or peribos whofe licence or licences to retail diddled fpirkuoos hqaon, d d h 8raotcd under or by virtue of the faid ad, is or ire now expired, before the °* SMK* wh°> before the expiration of fuch his, her, or their Ikon expiration or licences, adually left off the retailing of fpfrituous liquors, thereof, left (hall be liable to the payment of any fum or Anns of money whatfoever by the faid ad direded to be paid, at any time after he, (he, or they, fo left off the retailing of fpirituocu fcqsers: provided always ncvcrthelefs. That nothing herein ooiKaiwed

nor perfons whofe licences are expir

off retailing fpirituous liquors; bat no perfon to

be entitled to lhall extend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend, to cnptfc

the repayment of any fum adually paid.

•4 Geo. 3. feff. a. c. 41 recited.

any fuch perfon or perfons to the repayment of fuch Aua or fums of money which (hall have been at any time hcretofog adually paid by him, her, or them, in purfuance of the /aid a£L

VII.	And whereas, by an afi, made in the twenty-fourth year tf the reign of his prefat Majefiy, (intituled, An ad .for laying certain duties upon licences to be taken out by the makers of sad dealers in excifeable commodities therein mentioned,) it to enabled. That, /ram and after the tenth day *f September thoufond /even hundred and eighty-four, no perfon or perfons ua then did, er at any time thereafter jhould deed in brandy, not being e retailer, nor a refiifier, nor a di/hller9 Jhould prejume, by him, ho, or themfohes, or by any other perfon or perfons vjbatfoever enfad by him, her, or them, or fa his, her, or their benefit, either p^bdsf or privately, to deal in brandy, without firjl taking out a haute fo that purpofo in ,manner therein-after mentioned, before be, Jbe, sr they jhould fo deal in brandy, fa which licence he, foe, or they fail immediately, on taking out thereof, pay down fa tie fame tie fom if five pounds; and whereas no pecuniary penalty is by law provided fo or impofed on perfons guilty of offences contrary to the ford noted clauft, and it is expedient that fiub pecuniary penalty foudd k From Od. 10. provided and impofed; be it therefore enaded, Thar, from tnl 3789, perfons after the tenth day of Ofiober one thousand (even hundred and dealing in eighty-nine, no perfon or perfons who now doth or do, or it ont^ncH- “7time hereafter (hall deal in brandy, not being a retailer or cenfed ac- ~ retailers, nor a redifier or redifiers, nor a diftiller or diftiUtti cording tore- duly licenfcd, (hall prefume, by him, her, or tbemfclve$,orby

cited ad, not any other perfon or perfons whatfoever employed by him, lie, **ing	or them, for his, her, or their benefit, either publicly or pci-

ordifHUersVto vately, to deal in brandy, without firft taking put fuch a lkwce forfeit tool! for that purpofe in manner in that behalf directed iaandby v>: faid a<9; and if, from and after the (aid tenth day of OStkr onethoqfopd fev?n hundred $nd eighty rjiine, anyporfoaorper-

1789-! Anno vlcefimb nofto GcbROii III. c. 64.	695

bns who now doth or do, or at any time hereafter (hall deaf irl jrandy, not being a retailer or retailers, rectifier or reftifiers, or 1 diftiller or dlftiliers, (hall prefume, by him, her, or themfdves, jr by any other perfon or perfons whatfoever employed by him, ' ler, or them, for his, her, or their benefit, either publickly or , irivately, to deal in brandy, without firft taking out a licence or that purpofe, in the manner in that behalf directed by the aid aft, he, (he, or they (hall, for each and every fuch offence.

Forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

CAP. LXIV.

in aft to author ife the lord high treafurery or the commiffioners of the treafury > to appoint two of the (ommijftoners of the cuftoms in £ng~ land, and one of the commiffioners of the cujloms in Scotland, to enquire into the annual amount of tne emoluments ef officers of the cujloms, and other perfons employed in that revenue.

WHER E AS it is expedient, in order to provide for the better Preamble.

and more equitable arrangement of the falarieS and allowances 0 the feveral officers and other perfons employed in the fervice of bis Wajejbfs cujloms, that enquiry Jhould be made into the annual amount f their refpettive emoluments, whether arifmg from falarieSy feesy >erquifites, gratuities, or otberwife, and that the fame Jhould be after-ained; be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent ma-efty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual ind temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afletn->led, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and tpay Treafury may >e lawful for the lord high treafurer for the time being, or the appoint two lommifiioners of the treafury for the being, or any three or commiffion-nore of them, to nominate and appdint,hy warrant under their ^ftomsin lands, two or more of the commiffioners of his Majefty’s England,and ruftoms in England, and one of the commiffioners of his Ma- onc in S00*-efty's cuftoms in Scotland, from time to time, to enquire into ,an.d> *° ent ind afeertain the fame; and that the faid commiffioners of his emolumentsC vlajefty’s cuftoms in England and Scotland refpeftively, fo to be of their ofli-ppointed as aforefaid, or either of them refpeftively, (hall be, ces upon ,nd he or they are hereby authorifed to examine upon oath all oath»&c* nd every officer and officers of the cuftoms, or other perfons belonging to, employed or concerned therein, in England or Jcothni refpeftively; and all ftich officers and other perfons are lereby directed and required punctually to attend the faid com-niffioners, or either of them refpeftively, at fuch time and place s they, dr either qf them, (hall appoint for the purpofes above nentiorted ; and the faid commiffioners refpeftively, when they hall have completed the enquiry which by this aft they are au* horiftd to rtiake, or as foon after as conveniently may be, (hall eport to the Idrd high treafurer, or the commiffioners of hi$

^ajefty's treafury for the time being, the refult thereof.

II.	And bfc it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Commiflion* he faid commiffioners, before they proceed to take any ftep in fji f°i|tak*mr >urfuanct of this aft, (halt take an oath, before the matter of0 owl ®

o	the

*

Anno vicefimo none Georqii HI. c. 64. ' [1789.

•the rolls for the time being or one of his Majefty1* jtiftieesof the court of King's Bench or Common Pleas, or one of the barons of the Exchequer, which they, or either of them, are hereby authorifed and required to adminifter, in the fornr following; (that is to fay,)

I A- B. do ftvear, That, according to the heft of my /kill and how-ledge, I will faithfully and impartially execute the feveral power: and trufts vefted in me by virtue of an aft, intituled, An aft to au-* thorife the lord high treafurer, or the comtniffioners of the treafury, to appoint two of the com mi (Gone rs of the cuftoms in England, and one of the commiflioners of the cufloms in Scotland, to enquire into the annual amount of the emoluments of officers of the cuftoms, and other perfons employed ia thai revenue,

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefrid, Treafury may That the lord high treafurer, or the lords commiflioners of his toUpay*clcrks Majefty’s treafury for the time being, is and are hereby autho-* rifed and required to iffue and caufe to be paid all fuch fumsot money, not exceeding one thoufand five hundred pounds, to fuch perfon or perfons as the faid commiflioners of his Majefty’j cuftoms refpeftively, fo to be appointed as aforefaid, (hall, by writing under his or their hand or hands, direft or require, out of any part of the publick monies remaining in his Majeft/s exchequer; which fum fo iflued and paid (hall be employed for the payment of clerks, meffengers, and other officers, and ia defraying all other neceflary charges in or about the execution of the powers of this aft, and in fuch manner, and in fuch proportions, as (hall be appointed by the faid commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England and Scotland refpeftively, by writing under their refpeftive hands and feals in that behalf, the fame to be accounted for by the perfon or perfons to whom the fame (hall be iflued and paid, according to the courfc of his Majefty’s exchequer, without any fee or other charge to be taken or demanded for the ifluing and payment of the fame, or on the pafling of the faid accounts, other than fuch fum as the faid commiflioners of his Majefty's cuftoms refpeftively (hall diretfk; and which money fo iflued (hall not be fubjedto any tax, duty, rate, or afleflment whatever impofed by autbo-rity of parliament.

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Perfons tak- That if any perfon, taking any oath by this aft authorifed or ing a falfeoatb required to be taken, (hall thereby commit wilful perjury, or if ofwjury etc. anY Pcr^on	unlawfully procure or fuborn any perfon to

' * take any oath by this aft authorifed or required to be taken, whereby fuch perfon (hall commit wilful and corrupt prqury, every fuch perfon (hall incur and fuffer the like pains and penalties as are by law inflifted upon perfons committing wilful .	and	corrupt perjury, or fubomation of perjury,

of this a^t.CC V. And be it further enafted, That this aft (hall continue in

Digitized by Google	!

697

1789.] Anno viccfimo nono GeorOII III. c. 65.'

force until the full day of September one thou&nd feven hundred and ninety, and no longer; except for the purpofe of trying or fuing any perfon in confequence of any offence or offences committed in breach or violation of this aft.

C A P. LXV.

An aH to enable the Eaft India company to ralfe money by further

increafing their capitalfoci.

WHEREAS the affair: of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, require an advance of a confiderable fum of money to anfwer certain prefent purpofes> be-yond what the faid company are now enabled by law to raife\ and it is expedient that fuch money Jbould be raifed by an increafe of their zapitalJlock; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and :emporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflemblecl, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid united company, and they are hereby ato-:horifed and impowered, by and with the confcnt and approbation of the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or of the high treafurer for the time being, at any timeor,times hereafter, to open books and to receive fubfcriptions from any perfon or perfans, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, for enlarging their prefent capital (lock or fund of four millions of pounds, to any fum not exceeding the further fum of one million of pounds capital ftock, fo as to make their whole capital ftock the fum of five millions ; which faid additional capital ftock fhall be fub-fcribed and paid for at the rate of one hundred and feventy pounds for every one hundred pounds of fuch ftock, or at fuch Dther rate as the court of direftors of the faid united company, with the confent and approbation of the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury for the time being, or any three or more of hem, or of the high treafurer for the time being, (hall direft; which faid fubfcription (hall be made, and the money for the faid idditional ftock (hall be paid, in fuch manner and form, and by luch inftalments and proportions, as the faid court of direftors, with fuch confent and approbation as aforefaid, fhall appoint; ind the capital ftock fo fubfcribed and paid for, (hall, from and ifter the time of fuch payment, be deemed, confidered, and taken, as and for a part of the capital ftock of the faid company; and the faid fubfcribers, from and after the time of making full payment for the faid additional ftock, and their refpeftive executors or adminiftrators and afllgns (hall at all times be deemed and reputed to be members of the faid united company, and incorporated therewith, and (hall be intitled unto, and have, hold4 and enj^y, all and every the profits, benefits, privileges, advantages, and immunities, and be fubjeft and liable to ill and every the regulations, rules, apd orders whereto the pre-

Digitized by

Google

Preamble.

Eaft India company, with the approbation of the treafury, may encreafe their capital ftock 1 000,0001, in the manner herein prescribed 5

698	Anno	victlkno	none	Gfeoftaif	III.	e.	65. , [1789.

font rtockboMers and members of the find united company, in refpe6t of thellock held by and belonging to them* am reflectively intitled, fubje<ft, and liable unto, by any adt or adls of parliament, charter, or bye law, or otherwife howfoever; and the faid additional flock (hall be transferable and aflignable in the Kke manner, and the proprietors and holders thereof (hall hold their refpe&ive (hares of the faid additional (lock in like manner as the rcfpe&ive prefent ftockholders of the faid company now do and hereafter (hall hold and enjoy the refpe&ive fums now belonging to them in the prefent capital dock of the faid united company; and the fame ihali in all refpeds be confolidatcd aod united as one joint (lock, and may pay II. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That dend^on the t*1c united company (hall and may, from time to rime, additional as ma^c *nd P*y *he like dividends to the proprietors of the (aid on the prefent additional flock as they now do and hereafter fhall and may flock of the make and pay to the proprietors and holders of the prefent flock company. cf ^ fa^ un‘rted company; the firft of which faid dividends (hall commence from fach rime as (hall be fpecified in the propofals or terms to be offered for the faid fubfeription by the faid court ,of dire&ors, with fuch content and approbation as aforefaid.

Preference in III. Provided neverthclefs, and be it further enacted by the forthe^additi- aut^or*tY aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and onal flock may f°r l^c ^ai<1 court	dire<Sh)rs, with fuch confent and approba-

be given to the fion as aforefaid, to give the option and preference in fub-prefent pro- feribing for the faid additional flock to fuch perfons as (hall prietors. bold	company^ flock at the time or times of fuch

At Sept, i, fubfeription as aforefaid, as far as, and not exceeding the amount r7feJsf lit* °* Pounds per centum on the capital flock which fhall then fhall exceed ** held by each ftockholder fo fubferibing, for all fuch fums is the fum pro- they (hall fubfcrtbe on or before the firft day of September doe pofed to be thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine 5 and in cafe the fob* fold,aoropor* fcr*,ptj0n made by them on or before the faid firft day of Sep* dualon to^	one	thoufand	feven	hundred	and	eighty-nine,	(hall	ex-

made from ceed the fum propofed to be fold at that time, a proportionable each fubferip- deduction (hall be made from each fubfeription} and if fuch tion;	fubfeription (hall, on the clofe thereof, on the faid firft day of

#nn	September one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, fali

deficiency to ^ort	^Ufn	pfopofed to be fold, the deficiency (hall be

be difpofed of difpofed of to other perfons, as the faid court of dire&ors, with to others. fuch confent and approbation as aforefaid, (hall think fit.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enaded by the an-Directors may thority aforefaid. That nothing herein contained ftm^ extend, thef^of°the or C0n^ruC(* t0 extend, to prevent or reftrain the fcqdrt of whole to one directors of the faid united company, by and with fuels ooo£nt or more and approbation as aforefaid, from agreeing with one eppere perfons. perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, fo# th^faWbfthc whole of the faid additional capital flock, or for parts thereof as they (hall from time to time	fit Vif A&4

it ncceflary and proper to fell; bat it (hill wo&mmfhe lawful

for

Digitized by

Google

Anno Vfctfimo nono Georgii HI. c. 66.

for thf faid court* with fuch content and approbation as afore* faid, to contraft for, and agree to fell the whole, or any part thereof, to one or more perfon or perfons.

V.	And be it further enadted, That as foon as reafonably. may be after the depofit or firft payment (hall be made for the faid additional flock to be fubfcribed for, the faid company’s calhicr or treafurer (hall give a receipt for the fame, and fo from time to time as future payments lhall be made, which faid receipts (hall be affignable and transferable by indorfement thereon ; and when the firft payment (hall be made on the faid additional flock, to be fubfcribed for as afprefaid, the holder of fuch receipt, on delivering up the fame, (hall have his or her name entered in proper books to be kept by the faid united company for that purpofe, with an account of the capital flock belonging to each proprietor, in like manner as the accounts of the prefent proprietors of India flock are kept.

VI.	Provided always fteverthelefs, and be it further enacted. That in cafe any fubferiber or fubfcribers, after having fubfcribed, (hall fail in making all or any the payments agreed at the relpeftive times for fuch payments, then, and in every fuch cafe, the faid united company (hall and may take in fubferip-tions for and fell the flock fubfcribed for by fuch defaulter to any other perfon or perfons; and all depofits and payments made by fuch defaulter, previous to fuch default, (hall be forfeited to and become the property of the faid united company.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That this aft (hall be deemed and taken to be a publick act; and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juflices, and . other perfons whomsoever, without fpecially pleading the lame.

*99

Receipts to be given for payments, which (hall be tranf-ferrablc, &c.

If fubfcribers fail in making good all payments, their flock may be fold to any other perfons, and the depo-(its to be forfeited.

Publick aft.

CAP... LX VI.

An aft to continue, for a limited time, and amend an aft, made in the laft fclljon of parliament, intituled, An act to regu.ate, for a limited time, the (hipping and carrying Haves in Britilh veflels from the coaft of Africa.

i8 Geo. s.c. 54. .Prom Aug. x, 1789, no vefle1 clearing out from 3reat Britain to carry (laves from Africa in greater nuraoer* than herein pecificd. Veflels to be deemed of the tonnage fet forth in their certi-icates of rcgiftiy. Maftere of veflels to forfeit 301. for every (lave rxoceding the limited number. If more than a-jths of the (laves be :hiJdren, 5 of the furplus to be deemed equal to 4 (laves. Mailers of rcfTels, before they land any (laves in the Weft Indies, to declare upon >ath before the officer of the cufloms, the burthen of the veflVI, &c. nd if they land (laves contrary hereto, to forfeit 5001. Officer of he <cttftomt to take an account of the (laves on board loch vefleU, etc. >n penalty of 50I. Where there is no officer of the cufloms, any ivii officer tp receive the oath of the mafler, etc. No veflfel to carry ny Have*, unlefs entered for that purpofe at clearing out, and unlefs be furgeon give bond to keep a journal of the (laves during the oyage; which journal is to be delivered to the officer of the cufloms t the -firft Britilh port of arrival, etc. Officer to deliver to the lafler a copy of his oath and tp the furgeon a copy of bis journal, nd transmit duplicates to the commiflioners of the cufloms. Matters r furgeons acting contrary hereto to forfeit xool. Act to extend to lion which Med before Aug. x» 1989, if a Copy fee'delivered to/the VOL. XXXVI.	Aaa	com*

eotntnindcr before he has taken in more than the limited number* sad

.it at fuch delivery there (hall be on board a number of any defcriptioo beyond the allowed proportions, no more of that deferiptioo is to be received, nor of any other, fo as to exceed in the whofe the pnHcribed 1 proportions. Matters acting contVary hereto, to forfeit 301, for ehch Have. Admiralty to appoint per font* to deliver copies of the act to the commanders of Ibipa that failed prior to Aug. 1, X7?9» and to take si 1 account of the (laves. Such perfons to fend lifts of tfte (hips to which the act has been delivered, etc. to the collectors of the coftoons ia the Britiffi Weft Indies, etc. Commanders, etc. obtruding the perfons appointed by the admiralty, to forfeit 100 1. Act not to extend to (hips taking on board (laves found fnipwrecked, etc. The upper ssd lower cabin, and the fpace between decks, to he allotted to the flavei.

If any perfon take the charge of a vefTef, who is not qualified as herds directed, he (hall forfeit 50I. as alfothe owner who ihafl employ hm. No infarance to be made againft any lofs, except the perils of the fca, etc. No veftel to be cleared out that has not a furgeon who has pa&d his examination. If the officer at the port of difeharge fhall be fatis&d that there have not died on the voyage ifcore than » Haves in the too, he it to give certificates to the matter and furgeon, and on production thereof to the commiffioners of the enftoms, they are to order the roaf-ter 1001. and the furgeon 50I. Like certificates to be given where the mortality has not been more than 3 in the 100, which will entitle the matter to 501, and the furgeon to 151. Commiffioners to enquire into lottcs fuftained in confequcnce of *8 Geo. 3. c. 54. by perfons who have applied prior to Sept. 1, 1788 Such perfons to lay before the .	oorami(Boners the grounds of their claims. Scc. Comrninioners to de-

termine the amount of lottcs, and report to parliament the compenia-tion to be made. Committioners to take the following oath. Treafofy to order 1,0001. to be iffiied for payment of clerks, See. His majeftyto appoint to vacancies of commiffioners daring the recefs of parftuncat*

XV.	And, for the better regulation, encouragement* and frefervation of the health of the officers and feamtn employed in Jhips and vcjjels trading to the coaji of Africa for flaves* and from thence to the Weft Indies and America, be it enadted by the Before any authority afontlaid, That from and after the firft day of Auguji ed^utwardJ* one l^ou^anc^ feven hundred and eighty-nine, before any (hip the matter, * or veflel is cleared outwards from any port in Great Britain, the officers, and maftej*, officers, and mariners, fhall fign and execute articles of mariners, to agreement, and a muftcr roll, in the prefence of, and witneifcd c^sofavree-	!^c c^ear‘ng officer, and one of the tidefmen of the portjrotn

ment, etc. in whence the (hip departs, and a duplicate of the articles of agree-the forms ment and muftcr roll, duly figned and executed, (hall be'de-hcreunto an- livered to the aforefaid clearing officer, in order to its being noXother°d lodged with the proper officer in the cuftom houfe, according to form to be the forms hereunto annexed, which agreement (hall be conclu-uftd, on pe- five to all parties for the time contra&ed for, and no other form nalty ofjol. whatfoever of at tides of agreement or mufter roll fhall be.uJed, under the penalty of fifty pounds, one half to be paid to the ok of Greenwich hofpitable, and the other half to the informer, or other perfon who (hall fue for the fame in any of his .courts of record, .	.....	.r>.

XVL And be it further enaCted by the luthori^ afoee&id* Mutter roll to. That a continuation of the mufter roll (hall he rcgulatjjf.'jnd keptCgetc.rIy >*u|y kcPl during thc voyage, alfo a log book,, wberem*11 1 *	*	penalties,	forfeitures,	and	charges,,againft any officeroc

fhall

Anna vicefimo nono Georgii III. c. 66.	701

(hall be regularly entered, and figned by the mafter, chief mate, and furgeori/and delivered in upon oath, together with the mufter roll, on the arrival of the (hip or veflel at her difcharg-ing port in Great Britain, to the collector or other chief officer thereof; and if any mafter, chief mate, or furgeon, (hall be Penalty f&r convifted of figning falfe mufter rolls, articles of agreement, or ^"^rolta log book, he or they (hall forfeit and pay the fum of one him- ctc,	*

dred pounds, and (hall alfo fuffer fix months imprifonmenr.

XVII.	And be it further enacted. That no officer, marinerr No officer,etc. or feaman, (hall be turned over or difeharged, upon any pre- to be

tence whatfoever, unlefs to affift a (hip in acflual diflrefs, which	but

is to be certified by the principal officers of both (hips concern- uncj;r thecir-ed, and an agreement made in writing with the faid officers or cumftances men fo lent, or upon preferment, with the confent of the party, h.ere,r| men-for which a certificate (hall be given from the captain of any oftlone^* his Majefty's (hips or vefiels (it any are prefent), or in their abfence two jriftices 6f the peace, or the colledtor and comptroller of the cuftoms at the place or port where fuch (hip or veflel (hall be or (hall firft arrive; which certificate (hall be returned with the mufter roll and log book, on the arrival of the (hip at her delivering port in Great Britain.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled, That no mafter, com- No flop*,etc. mander, or other perfon (hall fopply the officers or mariners, to be fup-feamen or feafaring men, with more flops, tobacco, (pints, or oTthe any other article whatfoever, than to the amount of one fourth monthly part of the monthly wages of fuch officer, mariner, feaman, or wages, feafaring man.

XIX.	Arid be it further enabled, That if any officer, mariner, Regulation* or feaman, (hall behave in a riotous, feditious, or mutinous with regard to manner, it (hall be lawful for the commander or commanding ^a^ngVn’a officer to put fuclv officer, mariner, or feaman into confinement riotou*. fedi-for a time hot exceeding^werity-fofor hours, before the fame is tious, nr mu-reported to the captain or commander of any of his Majefty’s tinoU9 man-fhips or veflels (being prefent, or within a convenient diftance), ncr*

who is hereby authorised to enquire into the caufe of fuch complaint, and to examine upon oath, if found needffery, and to *rant fuch relief and remedy therein as the circumftances of he cafe may require; and in cafe none of his Majefty's ihips ire prefent, the caufe of complaint (hall be fully examined nto by the mafter and two officers, m the prefence of the (hip's rompany; and if it fball Be judged neceffary for the fafety of he (hip and cargo to continue the offender or offenders in onfiriement, fuch determination (hall be drawn up in writing, rith rhe reafons for coming to fuel! refolution ftated at large, nd figned by the mafter and two officers, which they are hereby hjoineci, under the penalty of fifty pounds, to report without elay to the captain or commander or the firft (hip or veffel be-ongmg'tb his Majefty they may fall in with, and in'default hereof to teport the fame to the governor or chief officer of nyBrftijb fbte on the coaft of Africa, or to the governor of ny6f the IVtfi India, iflands, 6n their arrival at any port or

A a a 2	road

^ Digitized by Google

702	Anno	ticeftm? nonp Georgii IlL C. {tylj.

mad therein, that fuch racafacs may be taken to bring the o& fender or offenders' to juftice as the nature of the cafe wffl admit.

Mater to XX. And be it further ena&ed, That the matter* or other Pcrf°n having or taking the charge or conunand of every fech this aft, etc. feip 01 veflel, (hall caufe a printed abftraft of this a<tt, and alfe to be hung up a copy of the fchedulc (A)^ and of the mufter roll refpediveb in the moft annexed to this att, to be hung up and affixed to the matt

rnhijTwtfrf*	place	ot	fe°k	vc^cl • a°d	the	feme

on penalty of to ^ conftantly kept and renewed, fo that at all times they may 201.	be acccffible to the officers and Teamen on board of fuch fhip

or veffel, uppn pain that every fuch matter, or other pc riba having or taking the charge or command of every fach (hip or veiTci, who (hail negle& to affix and renew the fame, (halt, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

If mutinous XXI. And be it further enadted, That if any officer, ma-Into r,ncr> or feai”an> charged with mutiny or (edition, fhail be de-cu ftody”by	livered over or taken into cuftody by the order of the governor

order of a or chief officer of any port eo the coaft of Africa, or the gover-govemor in nor of any of the iHands in the Weft Indies, a full ftatemem Weft Indicia upon oat^	they	arc hereby impowered to adminifter}

ftatement^up- fhail he n^de out and lodged with the faid governor, together on oath to be with the names of the witneffes who are to (upport the charge lodged with alledged againft the prifoner or prisoners, in order to their being etc gandifthe ^cnt *lomc *or trial ,n the high court of admiralty for theoffeooe matter (hall * or °ffcnces alledged againft him ot them ; and in cafe the faid not appear at matter or commander of the faid (hip or veffel (hall oeglcd to the trial, he appear at the triol, upon being duly fummoned, or pubftek no-ihall incur tjce 0f trj3j 5Cing given in the Louden Gazette, he fhail not only asCthecourt be nonfe»tcd, but (hall incur fuch further penalty as the court fhail adjudge. fhail adjudge.

Officera, etc. XXli. And be it further entdied by the authority afore&id, to continue in That upon the arrival of every (hip or veffel at her diichargiag fhr vtOVlTa 1 Port *n Great	the officers and feamen therein fhail be

cleared W-8 continued in fuH pay and piovifions until the (hip t$ cleared wards. inwards, or their accounts fettled and paid, and that all wages due to run men (lull be forfeited and paid to the ufe of Green-Wages of run wich hofpital, and all other forfeitures (hall be applied as is Cre^n^icht0	*n	the	articles of agreement, any cuftom, law, or ufege

10	lhe conlrafy notwithftandiog.

Where offences may be tried, and penalties fued for. A&ions msjr be brought within three year* after the offence. Perfons taking bti&t oaths to incur the pains of peijury, etc. Continuance of this a£t.

CAR LXVH.

An all for the more ejfeftuat execution of the laws refpeflihg gaols.

Preamble. T? O R the more effectual execution of tie laws now m being for tie X1 well ordering of gaols % and fecuring tie health of prifoners^ may it pleafe your Majcfty that it may be ena&ed; and be it ecadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice

and

, Google

Digitized by '

J7$9-]	vi^efimo do9Q GeeAoii 111. c. 6t»	703

and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the lame,

That at the general quarter felfion of the peace throughout At the quar-Ex&fand and Wafa^to be next bolden after the end of this felGon tcr feffion % of parliament, and at the firft feflion of the peace to be holdcn after Mubatlmas ip every fucceeding year, the gaoler or other parliament, officer having the care or fuperiptendance of any gaol within and at the * the jurifdidbon of the court holden fuch felfion, mall, and he is Michaelmas hereby required to deliver, or caufe to be delivered to the chair-man or other magifirate prefiding in fuch court, a certificate certificate in according to the form hereunto annexed, fubferibed by himfelf the form an-and verified by him, to the bed of his knowledge and belief, on nexed, to be his oath, to be taken either before fuch court, or in cafe of lick- delivered by nefs, or inability from any other caufe to attend, then before tothc^hai^ fome juftice of the peace for the county, town, or difirict in man,read in which fuch gaol (hall be fituated, and that fuch certificate (ball open court, exprels after each of the provifions therein enumerated, whether and cntcrc<) fuch provifion is or is not complied with br obferved within fuch gaol; and fuch certificate (hall be read publickly in open court m the prefence of the grand jury, and entered upon record as part of the minutes of the faid feflion.

II.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That The court to the faid court of quarter feflion (hall thereupon take the faid x^e. cer* certificate into their confideration, and fummon any perfon or confidcration perfons named therein to appear before them, and (hall give &Cc

fuch directions, and make fuch orders relative to any of the matters contained in fuch certificate, as to fuch jufiices (hall feem meet, and (hall and may take fecurity from any perfon or perfons whom the fame may concern for his or their due com* pliance therewith.

III.	And be it further enacted, That if any gaoler or other Penalty on

officer, having the care or fuperintendance of any gaol, being a p°lcr* ncS* county gaol, (hall negledt to deliver, or caufe to be delivered,	cer-

fuch certificate as aferefeid, be (hall forfeit for every fuch offence tificatei. the fum of fifty pounds, and, not being a county gaol, the fum

of twenty pounds* to be recovered by any perfon who (hall fue for the feme in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wtjlmin-(far, or court of great feflion in lValey> or the county palatine of Cbijier% if the oSence (hall arife there, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no efloin* protection, wager of aw* or more than one imparlance, (hall be granted or allowed

*

Aa a 3

CER-

Digitized by Google

Anno vicefimo nono Georgii III. c. 67. f 1789.*

CERTIFICATE referred lo in the body of this a<3.

to wit

, A

■- T the general quarter feffions of the peace, for the holden at this	day	of

in the year of our Lord '	the	certificate of	in purfuance of the

flatute in this cafe made and provided, fefpeding the gaol of

22 Eff 23 C. 2. c. 20. enacts, that

Felons and debtors (hall be kept feparate, under penalties upon the (heriff or gaoler.

24 Q. 2. c. 40. enads, that

1.	No gaoler (hall fell, lend, ufe, give away, or fuffer fpirituous liquors within any gaol, under a penalty.

2.	Copy of the claufe laft mentioned, as alfoof two other claufes refpeding the fame, (hall be hung up in the gaol, under a penalty.

32	2.	c.	28.	enads, that -

The clerk of the peace (hall caufea lift of the fees payable by debtors, and the rules and orders for the government of gaols and prifons, to be hung up in the court where the affizes or feffions (hall be held, and fend another copy to the gaol $ and the gaoler (hall caufe the lame to be hung up in a confpicuaus place in the faid gaol.

J3 G. 3. c. 58. enads, that Clergymen may be provided to officiate in gaols.

14 G. 3. c. 20. enads, that Perfons acquitted, or difeharged upon proclamation for want of profecution, (hall be dif-charged immediately, in open court, and without fee.

14 G. 3. c. 59. enads, that

1.	'Die wails and ceilings of cells in gaols (hall be feraped and white-wafhed once in the year at leaft.

2.	That the cells (hall be kept clean; and

3.	That they fhall be fupplied with fre(h air, by ventilators or otheryvife.

4.	That there (hall be two rooms (et apart for

the hick.

5.	That a warm and cold bath, or bathing tubs, (hall be provided.

6.	That this ad (hall be hung up in the gaol.

7.	That a furgeon or apothecary (hall be appointed, with a falary,

Digitized by

Google

I

CAP.

Anno viccfcnu) nono Gjeorgii III. c. 68.

7°5

CAP. LXVI1I.

An aH for repealing the duties an tobacco and fnuff; and for granting new duties in lieu thereof •.

WHEREAS, by an a{l made in the twenty feventh year of Preamble.

the reign of his prefent ASajefly, intituled, An adt for re- *7 Geo. 3. pealing the feveral duties of cuftoms and excife, and granting c. 13. recited, other duties in lieu thereof, and-for'applying the faid duties, together with the other duties compofing the publick revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt, certain duties are impofed upon tobacco imported into Great Britain, and certain drawbacks are allowed upon the exportation thereof; and certain duties are alfo by the faid	impofed upon

fnuff imported into Great Britain: and whereas it is expedient to repeal the faid duties and drawbacks, and in lieu thereof to impofe the feveral duties% and allow the feveral drawbacks, herein mentioned: be it therefore enadted by the King’s mod excellent inajefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority 9f the fame. That, from and after thcFromOff.ro,. tenth day of Oflober one thoufand feven hundred and eighty- 1789. the du-nine, the faid duties by the faid a<5t impofed upon tobacco im-	aCk

ported into Great Britain, and the faid drawbacks by the faid adt onthe impor-allowed upon the exportation thereof from Great Britain, to- tation of together with the faid duties by the faid aft impofed upon fnuff baccotpd lo imported, (hall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or drawback al-payable, fave and except in all cafes relating to the recovering, |0Wed on the allowing, or paying any arrears thereof refpeftively, which may exportation at that time remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, of tobacco, to fines, penalties, or forfeitures, relating thereto refpeftively, ccafc> which (hall have been incurred at any time before or on the faid tenth day of October one thoufand ieven hundred and eighty-nine.

II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, and thefol-That, from and after the faid tenth day of October one thoufand lowing duties feven hundred and eighty-nine, in lieu and inftead of the duties °f cuftoms and drawbacks hereby repealed, there (hall be raifed, levied, ^ paid,'viz? collected, and paid unto his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, in ready money, without any difeount or abatement whatever, the feveral duties of cuftoms and excife herein-after mentioned;

(that is to fay),

For every pound weight of tobacco, of the growth, produe-r For every tion, or manufa&ure of the plantations or dominions of SpainP°un<j[of pr Portugal, imported or brought into Great Britain, there (hall

A a a 4	be	tobacco im-

Digitized by

Google

?o6

ported,18. 6d. cuftoms, and as. excite;

, and when delivered from the ware-houfe for exportation icV. ciidoms, and ad. excife: for every lb. of Irifti or, American tobacco imported, 6d. Cllf-tom% and 9d. excife: for every lb. of fnuff imported by the Eaft India company, tb. 3d. cuftoms and is. excife: from Britifti America, or the Spanifh Weft Indies, 6d. cuftoms, and is.excife: and from any other place, xod. cuftoms, and is. 4d. excife.

Duties on tobacco and fnnfF imported and ware-houfed not payable till delivered thereout.

Anno vicefknd nono Georgii III, a [ 17^:

be paid a cuftom duty of one (hilling and fixpence; arid aHbxn excife duty of two (hillings:

For every pound weight of the like tobacco, which Unit fee delivered for exportation out of the warehoufe or warchdwferki which the fame (hall be depofited, lodged, and feairtd, according to the directions of this ad, there (hall be paid a dwy ft cuftoms of one penny; and alfo an excife doty of two-pence:

For every pound weight of tobacco, of the growth or prodoc-tton of Ireland, or of the growth or production of his Majesty's colonie?, plantations, iflands, or territories in America, or of the united dates of America, imported into Great Britain, there (kitt be paid a cuftom duty of fixpence; and alfo an excife duty of nine-pence: }

For,every pound weight of fnuff, which (hall be imported cr brought mto Great Britain by the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, there (hall be paid a cuftom duty of one (hilling and three-pence; and alfo an excife duty of

two (hillings:

For every pound weight of fnuff, .which (hall be imported or brought into Great Britain from any Britijb plantation in Amt* ricay or from the Spani/k IVeft Indies there (hall be paid a cuftoo duty of fixpence; and alfo an excife duty of one (hilling:

For every pound weight of fnuff, which (hall be imported or brought into Great Britain from any other place, there (hall be paid a cuftom duty of ten-pence; and alfo an excife duty of one (hilling and four-pence.

III. Provided always, That if any tobacco of the growth, produdion, or manufacture of the plantations or dominions of Spain or Portugal, (hall be imported or brought into Gnat Britain, and warehoused according to the dire&ions of this aft, then and in fuch cafe only, the duties impofed by this ad upon the importation thereof (hall not be paid or payable until fuch tobacco (hall be delivered, cither for home trade, confumptioo, or manufadure, or for exportation (as the cafe may be) out of the warehoufe in which the fame (hail be depofired, lodged, and fecured, according to the diredions of this ad; or if any other tobacco, which may be lawfully imported into this kingdom, (hall be imported and brought into Great Britain9 2nd warehoufcd according to the directions of this ad, then, and in fuch cate only, the duties impofed by this ad upon the importation thereof (hall not be paid or payable until fuch tobacco (hah be delivered, for home trade, consumption, or manufadure, out of the warehoufe in which the fame (hall be depofited, lodged, and fccured, according to the diredions of this ad: provided aflb, That if any fnuff (hall be imported or brought into Gnat Britain, and wareboufed according to the diredions of this ad, then, and in fuch cafe only, the duties impofed by this ad upon the importation thereof (hall not be paid or payable until (bch feaff fhali be delivered out of the warehottfe in which the feme fhifl

Digitized by LjOOQle

Aribfi vicdfimo nono Georgii HI. c. <S&	707

lepoifittd, lodged, and (Secured, according to the directions of ad.

Vi And be it further enacted* That fuch of the (aid duties Duties to be tuftfesns by this adt impofed, as (hall arife or become due in undo*them* : port of Great Britain called England, (hall be under the tHe commit lagcment of the commiflioners of the cuftoms in England for fioncu of the time being, and foch thereof as (hail arife or become due in cuftoms and t part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall be under the ma- **c*fc ;e>titnt of the commiflioners of the cuftoms in Scotland for the lan^refiK^-e being; and that fuch of the excife duties by this adt im- tivdy, cd as (hall arife or become due in that part of Gnat Britain led England, (hall be under the management of thecommif-lers ot excife in England for the time being;, and fuch thereof (hall arife or become due in that part of Great Britain called tlenod, (hall be under the management of the commiflioners of cife in Scotland for the time being.

V.	And whereat the regulations already provided by law to prevent

1 fraudulent and clandestine importation of tobacco^ tobacco falis9

a fnuff9 into Great Britain, and to prevent the fraudulent re-

iding of tobacco, after the fame has been )hipped for exportation, or

luaUf exported, have beenfound ineffectual; be it therefore enadted,

hat from and after the faid tenth day of Oflober one thoufand From 0&. rp,

vea hundred and eighty-nine, no tobacco whatever (hall be *789»noto-

nported or brought into Great Britain, from any port or place jra^tedjbut

hatever, other than feme port or place within his MajeftyVfrom Ameri-

:>lonies, plantations, idands, or territories in America, or fome ca, on penalty

ort or place within the united ftates of America, although the of its for-

tme (hall have been legally imported into and exported from

\roat Britain, and returned for want of fale or otherwife, upon	1	y

ain of forfeiture thereof, together with the hogfheads, cafks,

hefts, cafes, and packages, refpedtively, containing the fame, and

Mo the (hip or veflel in or on board which the fame (hall be

mported or brought, together with her guns, furniture, am-

munition, tackle, and apparel; and fuch tobacco, hogfheads,

a(kf, cherts, cafes, and packages, i^fpedively, and alfo fuch (hip

>r veflel with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and

ippard, (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the

rurtoms or excife.

VI.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained fhalY except Spa-xtend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend, to forfeit any and" obacco, of the growth, produdtion, or manufacture of the plan- frifh tobacco, tations or dominions of Spain or Portugal, or of the growth or underthepre-produdtion of Ireland', imported refpedtively in the manner, and fentrcgula--urtder the rules, regulations, reflections, and provifions (exceptt,on,f where other rules, regulations, reftridtions, or provifions are in

that behalf provided by this a<t) with fuch tobacco was fubjedb and liable to by any adt or adts of 'parliament in force at and immediately before the faid tenth day of Oflober one thouffnd feveit hundred and eighty.nine.

VII.	And be it further enadted. That, from and after the lirft From Aog. x* of Augujl one thoufand (even hundred and ninety, no to- *

baeco porte<i in

708

fbips of left bnrthcn tuan xxotons CD be forfeited, with the veflel.

Ho tobacco lUlkt, tobac

veflel, etc.

Anno viccfimo nooa Georgu III.	[17S9.

bacco or fnuff (hall be imported or brought itvt^ Gn^.Blri^aiis, or into any port, harbour, haven, or creek, thereof, from foreign, parts, in or on board any (hip, veffel, or boat of lefs burthen than one hundred and twenty tons, on pain of forfeiting all Rich tobacco and fnuff refpe&ively, together with the hoglheads, calks, cherts, cates, and package* refpetfively containing the fame, and al(b the (hip, veflel, or boat, in or on board which fuch tobacco or fnuff mall be fo imported or brought, with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel; and fuch to* bacco, fnuffi hogfheads, calks, cherts, cafes, and packages re* fpe&ively, and alfo fuch (hip, veflel, or boat, with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife.

VIII.	And be it further enaefted. That no tobacco ftalks, whether manufactured or unmanufa&ured, or tobacco ftalk

wfnuffw^k Hour, or fnuff work, (hall be imported or brought into Groat to be import- Britain, from foreign parts, in any |hip, veflel, or boat whatever, cd on penalty on pain of forfeiting all fuch tobacco ftalks, tobacco ftalk flour, ofits ferfei. and fnuff work respectively, with the hoglheads, calks, cherts, tore, with the cafCS) ancj other packages refpetfively, containing the lame, and alfo the (hip, veflel, or boat, in or on board which the fame Hull be fo imported or brought, with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel; and fuch tobacco ftalks, tobacco ftalk flour, fnuff work, hogfheads, calks, chefts, cafes, and other packages refpedtively, and alfo fuch (hip, veflel, or boat, guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That no tobacco or fnuff (hall be imported or brought into Great Britain in any bogfhead, calk, chert, cafe, or other package, except in an hogfhead, calk, chert, or cafe, or in hoglheads, calks, chefts, or cafes, each of which (hall contain at the lead four hundred and fifty pounds weigh* nett of tobacco or fnuff, not packed in bags or packages within any fuch hog(head, calk, chert, or cafe, nor feparated or divided, within any iuch hoglhead, calk, cheft, or cafe, or in any manner whatever, on pain of forfeiting all fuch tobacco and fauff re* fpetftively, with the hogfheads, calks, cherts, cafes, and other packages refpeAively, containing the fame, and aho the (hip, veflel, or boat in which the fame mall be fo imported or brought, with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel; and fuch tobacco and fnuff, hoglheads, calks, chefts, cafes, and other packages refpe&ively, and alfo fuch (hip, veflel, or boar, guas, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife.

X.	Provided always, That nothing in this a& contained ftufi extend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend, to forfeit anyjfiif^

_________ veflel, or boat, or her guns, furniture, ammunition, facktfe pr

the ufcof the apparel, for or by reafon of any tobacco beiqg^imported jp crew, not ex- brought in fuch (hip, veflel, or boat, into Grfdt BKitoim* Jpofe, tor eac^ oer- *or X^c ufe t,ie ^amen then belongmg to and boa^d Jg$h ton? ** ’ (hip, veflel, or boat, or for the ufe ofJhepaffcpgcrf thqpl&ng

on

aor tobacco orhuffb caffc* containing left than 450 lb. on like penalty;

but not to extend to loofe tobacco brought for

Digitized by v^.ooQle

^89*} Anno viccfimo nono Georgii III. C. 6$,	709	.

1 board fach (hip, veflfel, or boat, not exceeding five pounds eight of tobacco for each perfon, nor to forfeit any fuch bacco.

XL Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That nothing nor fhall the this ait contained (hall extend, or be deemed or conftrued to (tend, to prevent evidence from being received in any fuit or bemade^roai formation brought for the forfeiture of any (hip or veflel, for the fmailnefs r on account of any tobacco or fnuff imported or brought in of the quan-ly (hip or veflel, in order to (hew, from the fmailnefs of the t,t3r*tlut jantity of the faid tobacco or fnuff, and under the circumftan- ^ fnuffa«Nw is of the cafe, that the faid tobacco or fnuff was on board fuch on board lip or veflel without the knowledge and privity of the owner, without the • of the mafter or other perfon having or taking the charge or knowledge of >mmand thereof, and without the wilful negleCt or want of rafter.1*1 ^ lafonable care in the difeharge of the duty of fuch owner, -iafter, or other perfon having the charge or command of fuch lip or veflel; and in every fuch cafe, where proof (hall be made, om the fmailnefs of the quantity of tobacco or fnuff, and other rcumftances, that fuch (mail quantity was on board without te knowledge, privity, or confent, either of jthe owner, or the iafter or other perfon having or taking the charge or command lereof, and without any wilful negleCt or want of reafonable ire, either in the owner, or in the mafter or other perfon having r taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, then and 1 every fuch cafe luch (hip or veflel (hall not be forfeited for or n account of fuch fmall quantity of tobacco or fnuff.

XII.	And be it further enaCted, That if any (hip, veflel, or Vcflels.witJi oat (hall be found at anchor, or hovering, within the limits of more ny of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues of le coaft thereof, or (hall be* difeovered to have been within fni^ ich limits or diftance, and not proceeding on her voyage, wind tobacco nd weather permitting, unlefs in cafe of unavoidable neceflity, folks, etc. o« r diftrefs of weather (of which neceflity ordiftrefs the mafter	^

r other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch found at an-lip, veflel, or boat, fliall give notice to, and make proof before chor or jho-le collector or other chief officer of the cuftoms of the port veringwithhi rithin the limits of which fuch (hip, veflel, or boat (hall be	.

3tmd immediately after the arrival of fuch (hip, veflel, or boat0 CC0M rithin the limits of fuch port) having on board any tobacco or luff, which, taken together or feparately, (hall exceed one hun-red pounds weight, or any tobacco ftatks, whether manufactured r unmanufactured, or any tobacco (talk flour, or fnuff work, lien not only all fuch tobacco, tobacco (talks, tobacco (talk lour, fnuff work, and fnuff, refpeCtively, together with the ogfheads, calks, chefts, cafes, and other packages refpeCtively ontaining the fame, butalfo the (hip, veflel, or boat on board vhich the fame (hall be found as aforefaid, with her guns, umitore, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, (hall be forfeited, vhether bulk (hall then have been broken or not, and (hall and nay be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife.

And be it further enaCted, That no tobacco of the Regulations

growth for the im-

7»o

portatioo of American to* bacco.

Tobacco or

fnuff to be forfeited if imported into any other part of Great Britain, than the places herein enumerated.

Anno jricefimo none Gsoxoii III. c 6$. [1789.

growth or production of his Ma]cfl/s colonies, plantations,

irtand$,or territories in America, or of the growth or produ^ka of the united itates of America, fhall be imported or brought mte Great Britain, unlefs the fame (if it be tobacco of the growth or production of his Majelty’s faid colonies, plantations, iftaods, or territories) (hall be imported into Great Britain direCtly from fome part of the (aid colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories, or if the fame be tobacco of the growth or production of the (aid united ftates unlefs the fame mall be imported or brought into Great Britain direCtly from fome part of the faid united itates; nor (hall any fuch tobacco be imported or brought into Great Britain from any part of the faid colonies, plantation, iflands, or territories, unlefs the thip or vefle) in or 00 bond which the feme (hall be fb imported or brought (hall be Brifi^ built, regiftered according.tolaw, and navigated with the matter and three-fourths of the mariners Brittfl>\ nor (haH any fbeh tobacco be imported or brought from any part of tbo (aid united itates, unlefs the (hip or veflel in which the fame (hall be fo imported or brought (hall be either BritiJb-bxj\\t, regiftered and navigated as aforefaid, or (hall be built in the countries belong-ing to the united ftates of America, or any of them, and owoed by the fubje&s of the faid united ftates or any of thews, ami navigated with a matter and three-fourths of the mmiocss at lead, fubjeCts of the faid united itates, or any of them, upon pain of forfeiture of all fuch tobacco as (ball be imported or brought into Gnat Britain, contrary to the directions of this ad, together with the hogfheads, caiks, cherts, c^fes, and other packages refpeCtively, containing the fame, and the (hip or vrfleK in or on board which the fame (hall be imported or brought, together with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, sod apparel; and fuch tobacco, and the hogfheads, caiks, chdb, cafes, and other packages refpeCtively, containing the ferine, to* gather with the (hip or vcfiel in or on board which the fmm (hall be fo imported or brought, and her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, (ball and may be feiacd by anj officer or officers of the cuftotns or excife.

XIV. And be it further enaCted, That no tobacco or ibuff whatever (hall be imported or brought into any part of Gram Britain, except the ports of London, BrifoL Liverpool, Lamafkr, Owes* Falmouth, IPhitebaven, Hull, Port Glajgom, Qreewack, and Leith, upon pain of forfeiture of all fuch tobacco and (iauW refpeCtively as (hall be imported or brought into any part of Grant Britain, except fome or one of the find ports herrin-hifam enumerated, together with the hogfheads, caiks, chefta, cafes, and other packages refpeCtively, containing fueh fcobedo* m (huff refyeCtively, and the (hip or vcfiel in or 00 board which the feme (hall be fo imported or brought, together with her gam, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel; andfochfotwcc* and (huff refpeCHvely, and the hogfheads, caiks, chdb, cafes, and other packages refpeCtively, containing the feme, toyfer with the thip or vcfiel in or on bowd wbick tbe tatoeihaE be b

imported

Digitized by Google

17*9*1 Anno vioe&tno nono Georgh I1L c. 69•	711

mpotted or brought, together with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle and apparel, (hall and may be feized by any officer ?r officers of the cudoms or excife.

XV* Provided heverthdefs, That if any tobacco, of the growth American to->r production of the (aid united dates, which (hall, in the fair hacco im-md lawful way of barter or traffick between the people of the tteWeftfodia [aid united dates and any of the people of his Majefty’s iflands iflands in n the Weft Indies, be imported or brought from any part of the traffick, may aid united dates into any of the faid iflands by Britijb fubjeCVs, ** from. md in Britijb-built (hips owned by his Majedy’s fubjedts, and i'nto uvigated according to law, it (hall and may be lawful to export GreatBritaia, From any of the faid iflands, the fame tobacco, and to import it under the diredlly from thence into fome one or other of the faid refyeCtive reftriaions ports herein-before enumerated, in a Briti/k-built (hip or veffel mCa~ of the burthen of one hundred and twenty tons or upwards, (b regidered and'navigated as aforefaid, fubjed neverthelefs to the feveral rules, regulations, redriClions, and provifions in this a&

:ontained and provided for the importation into Great Britain of tobacco diredly from his Majedy’s faid colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories in America.

XVI.	Provided alfo, That the n*me or names of the fevers! Karnes of the sod refpe&ive (hips or veffels, in which fuck tobacco (hall be fo *c(Tcl8* ct?» imported frdm any part of the faid united dates, into any of the [©b^co?nto faid iflands in the fVe/l fydmy and alfo the feveral and refpedive the Weft names of the feveral and refpedive maflers of fuch (hips or Indies, to be yeflels, (hall be particularly fpecitied iu the manifed or manifeds,

ar content or contents* in writing, accompanying into Great ^ «**“**•• Britain fuch tobacco Co imported, according to the directions of ;his aCL

XVII.	Apd be k further enaded. That when any (hip or Officers of the

tc&d whatever (ball have taken on board tobacco at any port or cuftoms in jlace whatever within his Majedy’scolofties, plantations, iflands, coio^cfm § ar territories in America, in order to convey the fame from thence America to mo Great Britain, the collector and comptroller of the cudoms deliver to the it fetch port or place where fuch (hip or veffel (hall have taken on	of	.

>oard fuch tobacco, if there (hall be fuch collector and comp - clMrfnga *** Toiler refident at fuch port or place, and, in default thereof, manifeft, wo other chief officers of the cudoms at fuch port or place, which (hall hali, at and on the clearing of every fuch (hip or veflel by the authorife the aropef officer of the cudoms appointed for that purpofe, deliver J^thculbac-o the matter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or co Great command of fuch (hip or veflel, a manifed or content in writing, Britain, mder their hands and feals of office, which manifed or content

bail, con tain the name of the port or place where fuch tobacco 0 fetch; manifed or cootenc mentioned (hall have been lb taken >a board, the name and built of the (hip or veflel fo taking the kaaepa board, and the true admeafurement or tonnage thereof icoonBng to the vegider of the feme, together with the chridiari md fername^of the mader, or other perfon having or taking the dtarge orcommand of fuchfbip pr veffel, and the port and place o whieh fitchrlbip or veflel truly belongs, and a true account of

1712	Anno	viceHmo nono Georoii 1H. c. €8. . £1789,

til the tobacco fo laden on board fuch fhip or veflel, with the number of hoglheads, calks, chefti, and cafes, containing the fame, and the particular weight of the tobacco contained in eatfc fuch hogftiead, calk, cbeft, or cafe, together with the mark* and numbers fet on each and .every fuch hogfhead, calk, cheft,’w cafe, with the care of each fuch hoefhead, calk, cheft, nr cafe;

* and fuch weight of the tobacco and care refpeflivefy lhall aHb be marked on each fuch hoglhead, calk, cheft, or cafe; -which faid manifeft or content, and none other, (ball be required for fuch tobacco imported in purfuance of and according to the di-i	regions	of	this	adt,	any	law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary

notwithftanding.

From 051.10, XVIH. And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the 1790, »o to- tenth jay ^ Oflober one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, no growth of the tobacco °£ growth or production of the united ftates of American America lhall be imported or brought into Great Britain, from Oatratobe any part of the faid united ftates, unlefs the mafler, or other imported perfon having or taking the charge or command of the Ibip or manifrft* veflcl importing fuch tobacco, lhall have on board a manifeft or fwom to by manifeft $, or content or contents in writing, made out and figned the matter of by fuch mafter or other perfon, on or before the clearing of focb the veflel* (hip or veffel, at all, each, and every the ports or places within the faid united ftates where fuch tobacco (hall be laden on board, containing the name or names of the feveral and refpedKve ports or places where the tobacco in fuch manifeft or mantfefts, or content or contents mentioned lhall have been lb refpefiivcly laden on board, the name and built of fuch (hip or veflel, together with the chriftian and furnames of the mafter or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflcl, and the port or place to which fuch (hip or veflel truly ,	belongs,	and	aifo the tonnage of fuch (hip or veflel; which too-

nage, if fuch fhip or veflel (Ball be Briti/b-built, lhall be deemed and taken to be the true admeafurement according to the regifter thereof; and which manifeft lhall alfo contain a true account of all the tobacco fo laden on board fuch (hip or veflel, Wkh the number of hoglheads, calks, cherts, and cafes refpe<5Uvdy; containing the fame, and the particular weight of the tobacco contained in each fuch hogfhead, calk, chdl, or cafe, together with the marks and numbers fet on each and every fuch hoglhead, calk, cheft, or cafe, with the care of each fuch hoglhesfd, calk, cheft, or cafe; and fuch weight of the tobacco and carte fe-foedti vely (hall alfo be marked on each fuch hoglhead, calk^ cheft, or cafe; upon which faid manifeft or manifefts, or cofttem’br contents in writing, there lhall be indorfed the 01th of the hiifhr or other perfon having or taking the Charge or oototmrkfoffaeh Ibip or veflel, teftifying the truth thereof, and fworri to Wfftfch 'mafter or other perfon, on or before fuch clearing Of Ift or veflel in the faid united ftates, before the Brtfijk there lhall be any Britijb conful thei^ refident port or place where fuch tobacco fhalI be before fome magiftrate or pubiick ofltetf

Dogle

1789-] Anno vicefimo none GeoRGH III. c. 68.	71J

fuch placeoc port, if there be not any Britijb conful refident at or near to fuch port Or place: which manifeft, and none other,

(hall be retired for fuch tobacco imported from the faid united dates of America, in pursuance of and according tO-the directions of this aany law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX.	And be it further enaded. That, from and after the Prom Oft.io, faid tenth day of October one thoufapd feven hundred and ninety,1

if any tobacco (hall be imported or brought into Great Britain,	Jo**

in any (hip or veflel whatever, from any port or place within his baccofrom Maiefty’s colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories in America, America.

:>r from any port or place within the united ftates of America, w.itllout without fuch manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents in writing, as is in that behalf herein directed, the matter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of two hundred pounds. *

XX.	And be it further cnaCted, That, from and after the faid Matters of tenth day of Ofiobtr one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, Q1j1G?hv^^e,,• gvery matter or other perfon having or taking the charge or ^“aj command of any (hip or veflel, in or on board which any tobacco four leagues (hall be imported or brought into Great Britain, either from any of the coaft, port or place within his Majefty’s faid colonies, plantations, Jo .produce Hands, or territories m America^ or from any port or place to^he'proper within the faid united ftgtes of America, (hall, upon the arrival officers, ctc^ A fuch (hip or veflel within the limits of anv of the ports of

Great Britain, dr within four leagues of the eoalx thereof, produce

:o all and every officer and officers of the cuftoms, and alfo to

all and every officer and officers of exrife, who (hall come on

hoard, fuch (nip or veflel within fuch limits or diftance, all and

svery fuch manifeft or manifefls, dr content or contents in

writing, for his tfhd their examination and infpeCtion; and all

ind every fuch officer and officers, to whom fuch manifeft or

nanifetts, or content or contents (hall have been fo produced,

hall certify fuch production upon the back thereof; and fuch

natter or other perfon (o having or taking the charge or com-

nand'of any fuch (hip or veflel as aforefaid, (hall provide, give,

tnd deliver to the firft officer of the cuftoms who (hall come on

x>ardfoch (hip or veflel, on the arrival thereof within the limits

>f any of the faid ports herein-before enumerated, and (hall

ilfo in like manner provide, give, and deliver to the firft officer

>f excife who (hall come on board fuch (hip or veflel, on the

trrival thereof within the limits of any of the faid ports herein-

>efore enumerated, a true copy of fuch manifeft or manifefts, or

content or contents; and each Arch officer (hall certify upon the

>ack of fuch manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents, the

cceipt of fuch copy or copies thereof, with the particular day

tad the time when each fuch officer fo received the fame; and Officer of the

uohiqfficer of the cuftoms* who (hall firft come on board fuch cuft°m»to

bipror veflel* (hall batten, faften, and lock down the main and ^^hatchT*

sther hatchway and hatchways leading to the hold or place of wayB.

towag*in fuch ftupor veflid p-attd if fuch officer (hall negle# fo

to

> gitized by

Google

*7i4	Anno	vfttfimb npnoGfcomoiiIII. c.^K?.	r[*^9,

to-do, then and irt that cafe any other officer or officers of the cufloms (hall batten, fatten, and lock down the main and other hatchway and hatchways leading to the hold or place ofttowage in fuch (hip or veflel; and the matter or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel (hall, and he is hereby required to aflitt or caufe to be affifted fuch oicer or ofikers, by and with a diffident number of the crew of foch (hip or velfcl, in the battening and locking down fuch hatchway Fthe matter or hatchways: and if any fuch matter or other perfon (hall neg-rcftife to pro- ]e& or refufe to produce fuch maftifett or manifests, of content or nif^tkeT** contcnfs>or Co gHrcatw fuch c°Py thereof, or to affift or caufe to or if the *	be aflifteri any'fuch officer or officers in battening, fattening, or

hatchway, locking down inch hatchway or hatchways, according to the diretfions of this ad; or If any fuch hatchway (hall, after the down (hall *afnc ^tve ^ kattcncd> fattened, or locked downs be improperly aforefcud, according to the directions of this act, be opened; a opened, he	if any fattening or lock affixed to any fuch hatchway, for the I

(hall forfeit	purpofe of fattening Or locking the fame, according to the di- j

*ooi*	regions	of this ad, (hall be opened, broken, or damaged, after

fuch hatchway (hall Have been fo battened, fattened, or locked down as aforefaid, and before the fame (hall have been opera! | by the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms; the matter** | other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fed (hip or veflel (hall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit tk Aim of two hundred pounds.

If hulk be XXI. And be it further enafted, That if, after the arrival** broken within(hip or vettel having tobacco on board, within the limits a of'the^coaft* *ny	pOrta'ia	Great	Britain, or within four leagues of tfc

&c. the veffcl, coaft thereof, bulk (hall be broken, or any part of the tobsec: &c. to be for-,laden on board fuch (hip or vettel (hall be unladen or unfhipptf a <rtcd* nnd froin or <Hit of fuch (hip or vettel, within the faid limits c j pay acx?l!r t0dtftance, and, if within the limits of any of the ports firft herds-before enumerated, before fuch (hip or vettel (hall have bee moored according to the directions of this adt in that behalf, £ before the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms, with the co font of the commiflioners of his Majetty9s cuftoms in Engkadb the time being, or any four or more of them, or the comm*-dionttrs of his Majetty’s cuftoms in Scotland for the time bekt. or any three or more of them,'for that purpofe, fhal! havedi i sttrthorifed the unlading thereof, every fuch ?hip or veflel, w I gether with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and sp-pare!, and all *he tobacco then in or on board fuch fhip* veflel, (ball be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any a Acer or officers- of the cuftoms or excife, and fuch mafter &reik perfon (hall forfeit the Aim of two hundred pounds.

Penalties on XXII. Provided always. That no fiich (nip or veflel9‘I breaking bulk guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, or apparel, twr	I

hatchways^ tobacco then in or on board fuch (hip or vcffel, (hall be not to extend or ty rcatt>n of bulk being broken, or any of to veflela being unladen or unfttipped as aforefaid I nor ftuH Iink where the or other perfon incur the faid Igft^nenuoaed pcaqjty

Anno viecfiiw none* Gsoion III. c. 68.

hundred pounds, in cafe the fame was occafioned by unavoidable accident, neceffiry, or diftreb, and proof thereof (hall be Unmediately made by the mafter or otlier perfon having or taking (lie charge or command of fuch (hip or veflcl, and two or more of the mariners belonging to and pn board fuch ihip or veflel, upon oath, before the collector or other chief officer 'of the cuftoms of the port within the limits of which fuch accident, neceffity, or dittrefs (hall have happened, or before the collector or other chief officer of the cuftoms of the firft port of Great Britain within the limits of which fuch (hip or veflel (hall afterwards arrive, if fuch accident, neceffity, or diftrefe (hall have happened not within the limits of any Britijb port; nor ihall the Dialler or other perlon having or taking the charge pr command of any (hip or veflel, whofe hatch wav or hatchways (hall, after the fame (hall have been battened, fattened, or locked down as aforefaid, incur the faid penalty of two bundled pounds herein impofed on fuch matter or other "perfon, for or by reafon of any fuch hatchway being opened, or for or by reafon of any fatten* ing or lock affixed to any fuch hatchway, for the purpofe of . locking the fame according to the dire&ions bf this a<5t, being opened, broken, or damaged, in cafe the fame (hall have been occafioned by unavoidable accident, neceffity, or diftrefs, and like proof (hail be made upon oath, before the collector or other chief officer of the cuftoms, at fuch of the faid ports berein-beford enumerated within the limits of which fuch (hip or veflel (hall firft arrive; and all fuch collectors, and other chief officers re* fpeCtively, are hereby authorifed and impowered to admmifter the oaths refpeCUvely by this a<5t directed or authorifed to be made.

* XXfTI. And be it further enabled. That if any tobacco or fnuff, which Ihall be imported or brought into Great Britain, liiall be landed or put on (hare in Great Britain, or unfhipped or delivered from or out of any (hip, veflel, or boat, with intention to h? landed or put on more in Great Britain, without a Warrant for the landing or delivery of the fame firft figned by the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms in that behalf, and without the prefence of the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms, all fuch tobacco or fnuff rcfpeCiively, together with the hogftieads, calks, cheftg, cafes, and other packages whatever, Containing the fame, and the ihip, vcflel or boat in or on board which the fame (hall be fo imported or brought, and from which Che fame (hall be fo unfhipped, and alfo the (hip, veffel, or boat into which the fame (hall be fo unfhipped, and likewife all and catch and every (hip, veflel, and boat by which or from which t he fame, after having been fo unfhipped* (hall be landed or de-14v£*?d, with all their guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and Wf|g»arel refpcCtively, (hall be forfeited, and (hall *nd may be jfeaftedi by any officer or officers of the cuttomi or excife; and the proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers, coniignee confignees, of any fuch tobacco or fnuff, and the matter, snate, or other perfon or perfons having or taking the charge or XXXVl.	Bbb	‘	command

fame has been done by unavoidable accident or nc* ccffity.

Tobacco or fnuff landed without a warrant from the proper officer to be forfeited, and the proprietor, &c< to forfeit treble the value*

l\6

Comratflion-crs of the cuftoms to appoint p!aces for mooring of veflel8 importing tobacco till cleared.

Matters neglecting to moor their

Aflao yitt&ino.flotfb Geossu HL c.6S.-	[

COmmaodof a*y fuch fliipj veffd, or boat^and aU. and perfon of perfons who (hall be in any wife concerned, or or ^fitting in the unthipping, landing, or delivery of any tobacco or fhuff, or .to whole hands, cuttody, otpoflefikxt fuch tobacco or fnufffhall come after the fame mall be fo (hipped; landed, or delivered, or put on (hore as afareittd,

(he, or they knowing the fame to have been fo unfhipped, lam or delivered, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit treble the vafar^f fuch tobaccoor fnuff rejptdtively, to beettimated according tothc beftand higl^eff rate and price which tobacco or fnuff re^eo tively,. of the beft quality, (hall fell for in London st thews® when fuch forfeiture (hall be incurred,

XXIV. And be it further enaded, That the faid commif-fioners of the cuftoms in England for the t;me being, or any four or more pf them, (hall, and they the faid commlffioners, or any four or more of them, are hereby required, from ton to time, to fix and appoint, or caufe to be fixed and appointed and from time to time continued, at each and every of the ft* fpeftive ports in England herein-before enumerated; (that is to fay,) London, Bri/tol, Liverpool, Lamqfler, Cowes* Fainsoa#, Whitehaven, and Hull* a certain place for the mooring all (hips or veflels, in or on board which any tobacco (hall be imported or brought into Great Britain, according to the diredioo* of this adl, or which (hall come to or arrive within fuch rcfpeftise ports; and the faid commifltoners of the cufloms in Septan i for the time being, or ally three or more of them, (hall, and they the faid laft-mentioned commillioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby required, from time to time, to fix and ip-point, or caufe to be fixed and appointed, and from rime io time continued, at each of the faid refpedlive ports in Scutlzi I herein-beforc enumerated; (that is to fay,) Port Gla'gnr, Greenock, and Leith» a certain place fof the purpofe pf moorinj •11 fuch (hips and veflels, in or on board which any tohacc* (hall be imported or brought into Great Britain, according j> the direflions of this a£t, and which (hall come to or arrive within fuch refpedive ports; and the matters, or otherperfeos refpediively, having or taking the charge or command of hsA (hips or veflels, (hall, at their refpective cofts and charges* immediately on fuch arrival of fuch (hips or veffels, caufe all fed* (hips or veffels refpedtively to be conducted to and moored st fuch places fo fixed and appointed, at the faid ports reipc&pvefy to which fuch (hips or veflels (hail fo come, or within which fuch (hips or vefflels (hall refpeftively arrive; and all fuch (flips or veflels (hall, at the cofts and charges of fuch matters, or other perions relpedtively, remain and continue at fuch moorings until all the tobacco on board the fame (hall have been landed and delivered therefrom, in manner herein mentioned, ‘ and tufcif fuch (hips or veflels (hall have been regularly cleared by the . proper officer or officers of the cuftOms for that .purpofe; arid if £ny fuch matter or other perfon final I omit, riegfc^,-df refufe to caufe any fuch (hip or veffcl fo to be xpqduded &

^ oorefig

Digitized by Google

*7^} Arino viccfimo riono GfeoRoii ill. c. 68.

c^6rh|fto the fliredtions of this adt in that behalf, or if aftjffiich (hip or veflel (hall depart from or leave fuch her mooring, contrary Horthe diredtibns of this adt in that behalf, the matter or other pfcffon having or taking the charge pr command of ftidt ffiip or veflel (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, un-lefs, fh too judgement of the faid commiflionen, fuch matter or other pCrfon (hall be prevented from fuch compliance by means of arty tinvoidable accident.

XxV. And be it further cnadted, That on the arrival of any (hip or veflel, in which any tobacco (hall be imported or brought into any or either of the ports herein-before enumerated, at fuch her moorings, at any or either of the faid ports herein-before enumerated, the matter or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel (hall make a juft and true entry or report upon oath,'with the collector or qther chief officer of the cuftoms of fuch port, Openly at the cuftorrt houfe of fuch port, of the burthen, contents and lading of fuch (hip or veflel, with the particular marks, numbers, qualities, and contents of every parcel of goods then laden in or on board fuch (hip or veflel, to the belt of his knowledge and belief, and do and perform every adt and thing in relation! thereto, before the collector or other chief officer of the cuftoms of ftjch port, openly in rhe cuftom houfe at fuch port, in the manner and as the owners, matters, purferS, or briber perfons taking charge of (hips or veflels are dire<9ed and required by an adt made in the firft year of the reign of her late majefty QuCen Elizabeth^ intituled. An dif limiting (he timefor laying on land mer& efiandizes from beyond the feat) and touching cujioms of fxueet wines, and by an adt made in the thirteenth’and fourteenth years of the reign of his late majetty King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for preventing frauds and regulating abufes ih his Majeffs cujiomsunder the penalty of the forfeiture of one hundred pounds; and all tobacco found on board' any; fuCh (hip or, vef* fcl, gf which no fuch report fhtaJl ha\/e been made with the Ool-ledlpr or other chief officer of the cuftoms, (hall be forfeited* td&eiller with the hogflieads, caflcs, chetts, cafes, and other packages refpedtrvely, containing the fame and fuch tobacco* hogflieads, calks, chelt*, cafes, and other package* ffefpi&ivelyf friall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftortl* Or {Recife!	>r ' '	‘	.	*

XXVI, And be it farther fenadted, That the matter or other

Sgr having or taking the charge or comhnartd of any fuch W*Veflel (lull, at the time when fuch entry or report upon !fhall be or ought to have been fo ntade, deliver to the 6t other chief‘Officer of the cuftoms, at fuch ports re-fudh minifeft t>r mantfefts’, or content or contents in Wtf^g’as herein mentioned; and if any fuch matter or other perfon (haft omit, negledt, orrefufe to deliver fijeh manifeft or Jtthriifefts, Or content or Contents, to fuch collector or other thief Officer of the cbftoms, according to the directions of this a£& hvcrfCctcH matter or other perfon.ot perfons fo offending

B b b 2	(hall,

/Google *

7*7

vrifeli, &c. to forfeit look

If on arrival at her moorings the matter negledt* to make cptry of ' any fufch veffel, etc. h<*

(hall forfeit ioo). and the tobacco, etc.

Matters neglecting to deliver mani/efts to the officer of the cuf* tom*, to forfeit look

7*8

Importers of tobscco to make entry with the officers of the cuftoms and eiciCcof the quantity, etc. within the , time herein limited after the arrival thereof;

Apno vioefirnb nono GeoRQMIII,

Audi, far emery ffichofcnce, forfeit' tbp'.tfim $

**°XXVH» And be,it further epadted/Ttai allahA '£fc£f‘\ia'J porter orimportets, proprietor or,proprietors, confignee 6rcOn* ligates of tobacco imported or brought iptq any of either oTthe porta-herein-More enumerated, ihall! relpedivrfy, wjtmnten days, if the wboJe.or the.majqr part of tfje landing ot.the ftip or vefliel in which. fpph.tdb>*cco ffiall be (b imported P£ brought fat tobacco,, or within fifteen day * if the major partqft sliding of. tack (hip,or yaffil (balfconfift of other goods, .and htfc'dTitobacco,after tberopflejr- or other peribn having or takinVffie charge <nr command of fuch thip dr vcflelfhall have pT ought fo have made fficli entry or report open oath, make, wUhtheedl-le&or or other chief officer of the cultqms, and alfp wirt^ffiij coHedtor of excite of fuch of the faid ports herein,-before3et^i-mcrated, into, which any fuclt tobacco (hail be im^offed « brought in any fucb ffiip or veffij, a tjue entry in wrft^ of'aA fuch tobacco in or on board hach ffiip or veiTej, belongnfefp

andimportera of fnuff to make like entry.

produ&ipn of Irfktf4, tu of hisJjdajelfy colonies, pfaritafiorts, aflands, or tetri coriestn ■ Amenta* or pf the u lifted	bf

America*and aifo» tba’nymbeioftofb^^^ cafes, with *lw» pprtifuht marks^atip njji^bff>t‘each ,of jf)tdtj and the weight apd ,Qqantity of tAh^£® con|*uv^ffijet Am agreeably to die feverpl. ^ncl refect? fltarks, ^ntffinbets, ind contents as fpeeffied i%tbejpanifefL,of ajjmifcRs, or content or content s>n writing, yejativc to fuch Ecffi&ojvq tobacco, a fidafb agreeably to tbe particulars fetforjth'm ffich enlry br fejx^f umi on oath of the msftex .or other perfon having^ tpknVg^tne charge or command.pt the ftdpprvettq in or ^Jbodftr wpidh fuch tobacco (hail be, fa,refpe$ivclyimported or brouibl’ intO either of the port* bpfeip-beforeeriutheratetf.' "'V ,, U \ XXVIlj, And be, jt further eha&ed, That.wrtTnn tbVi.^tfifvi neat after the mailer or purler' fpr,that, voyage, of thcMIjfpr veflel whereinany.fmiff ffiall be imported or brought fiitq li>y & either of the portsIverein-beforeenunxcratfdiihalThave oif'<ft|ght to have made a juft and true entry or report upon oath qfllfa tw* then, contents, and lading of fuch ffiip qt veffilip'pufljt^ the d»rcdlions pf the faid.a&s madeio the firil ycarof Til of her late majefty Queen Elizabeth,. aq4 *0 thf |Mrteerft|. fourteenth years of ffie reign of King CA^/f^fie, ^econo, importer or importers,proprietor' or ^ppn^ws. conhgoees, of fuch	ffiall makei,

chiet officer of thcwl^v^^

«iie, of fuch; of the fjtid ports., bereui-beffire ernutifcj^Ka ibid

'«b*hfany {** fpR?.#)1 **.'?

board ftKfr fliip^ v^ei, a truf cmrv^ w^ting;°f aij fuch tniiS in or on board fuch (hip or vcffipf, Belonging to likEf itftpOner u	’or

f7®9*1	Anno vfceiinao nono Georgti III. c. 68.	719

or inMprtcrs, proprietor or proprietors, confignee or confignee s# specifying in fuch entry, whether Hie feme be fnuff imported by the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft IpdieSy 6t fittiff imported from any Brtiifb planuribnin AqiericQy or from the Spauift IVeft IndtH, or fnuff -imporned from anji other place, and alfo the nuihbei ttf feogftead*,-cafes, cherts, and cafes, with the particular*‘marks nVtd numbers of	\

each and every of them, and the weight aftd quantity of fnufF com^ricd therein ; aim if the importer of importers, proprietor Iffuch entry or proprietors; cdnfignfe or c nfignees, of any tobacco or (huff be not made, imported or brought into any pr either* of the ports1 herein- tbetob^eo bpfpre enumerated, fhaJI onrih, riegted, or rdfiife, contrary to the bc^ontcyed'• dirc&ibhs of this aft, to make, with the iollcftor or other chief to the King's officer of the cuftoirts, and_ with the colleftdr of excife, of fuch warehoufr, of t^claid ports herein-beforcenumerated, into whfch any fuch and 6^per tobacco of fnufF (hall be brought or imported as herein tiireft-cd,fuch true entry in writing of any Fuch tobacco or fnufF in or be paid for op board any fuch (hip or veflel, belonging to fuch importer or warehoufe iotnorrers, proprietor or proprietors, confignee of confignecs, it rcat* fhsVf and may be lawful to and for any officer or officers of the cufifoms or excife to convey all (uch tobacco-and fnufF re-fpeftivfcly, together with the bogheads, caflcs^ cherts, and cafes containing the feme, to fortie or one of the tefpeftive warehoufe or waif^iQufes t0 be, .provided according'to the directions of this aft; apd (uch tobacco (hall/be depofited, lodged, and fecured therein for thefpace oftWenry-fourmomtts, and fuch fnufF m*11 bedepofited, lodged, and fecured therein for theYpaccof onp month, unlefs fuch toftacco and Mpeftively fhall be cleared and taken'from or out of fuch wiFelkhifc 6r Warehoufe*, by We importer or impofters, proprietor* 6r>proprietors, confignee or <&nfignee$ thereof, before the rtc^lratfbrt of fuch twenty-fopr months, or one month relpeftively; add no fnch tobacco or (huff (hall be cleared Of delivered frpm bf 'Out of (uch ware-hpufc or warehopfes, unlefs the importer dr4 Importers, proprietor or proprietors, confignee or confi^nefJs 'thereof (hull tirft psyt, into the hands of (he proper cufWm warehoufe keeper, warehoufe rent for fuch tobacco and fnlifF refpeftively, it and after the rate of fixpence per week f6r each and every hogihead, cafe* chert, or cafe, of fuch tobacco ani fnuff rtfpeftively, for fu<h time as the fame refpeftively (hall remain in any fuch warehoufe or warehoufes.	v

XXIX. Provided always. That nothing ih this aft contained Tobacco or (hall Extend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend, to prevent [nu^br^,(^'t tobacco or fnuff, legally imported'or thought in or on board afiyjhip or veflcl into any of cither of the faid refpeftive ports rated in this hqqpty-beroitJ enumerated, from being carried or conveyed in aft, maybe or'oh Board the fame (hip or veflel from thence to any other of 5unIcycd , tfsc said,refpeftive ports herein-beforeentimeraied, for the pur- |0cai,other C pofipJof being landed there, and depofited, lodged,’ *nd fecured port, if it be ax the warehoufe^or warehoufes fo to be provided at fuch fed fdoriginally ^.C^^iyncd ‘port, according to the drreftions of this aft, if fudi sported,

- B b b 3	tobacco

Anno vicefimo noino Georoii lit e. 68.	{£789.

tobacco or fnufffhall be originally- repoftedfor that pwrpoWhy the mafter or other perfon having or takittgthe change tfrcow-mand for that voyage of fuch fliip or veftbly with the edReter or other chief officer of the cuftoms of IbcK 'original^sri of importation.	1	1	1	•

luiuuiitfuvu.

Veflel* laden XXX. Provided' always, and be it further efiadett, Hat t^hacco^mav hothing in this aft Contained fhafl tttebd, or' be confliued to conje into	'extend, to	prevent any (hip Or vtflel htden m the whole with

Cowes and tobacco, from coming into the following ports of this kingdom, Rahnombto of either of them, to'Wait for orders; \tndoliat) the pons M ders under Cfwes and Falmtuth'y and' thebe to remain for the fpace of'fow-the within teen days and no longer, without bemgfufcjeft or litWetod* fpecified re- fcgulations or reftriftions of tills aft; oft condition rhafftfct gelations. pialiei or other perfon having or talcing the Charge or coriunaod

of fuch Ibjp or veflfelfo coming or arriving within the limits af the faid ports of Gated and Falmouth refj>eftivcly for the purpofc aforefaid, do, immediately on coming’ or arriving within At faid limits, make the fame known-to rhe colleftor or other chief officer of the cuftoms at the faid pofts ; and alfo make a-jud and true entry in writing, on oath bifort fnchcolle&of or other chief officer (who if hereby authorifcd'and required tbadad* nifter the fame,) of the burthert, contents, and lading of lit faid veflel, in manner directed by this aft jon fail are whereof, pr in not departing ffdih the fain ports rtflpeftively artheekpi-ratlon of the faid fourteen days, unltfs iri cafe of unavoidable neceflity, every fuch'lhift or veffel; and’tht matter tor other perfon having or taking the Charm: or command thereof; and atfa the cargo in pr on board’the fame, flWlFbe1 febjeft and liabftt* all and each and every thfc rules, ’ rtgolatloAs;' reflriftiohSy 'P*' nalties, and forfeitures1 in this aft Mentioned.

Kofnuffim- XXXI. And be it further ernftetf,'That nd fnoff whatever, potted (hail which (halt be imported or tyrought into GftM Britaiki Antf-te exiwtatton,°r entercd or reported for exportation in the fame (hip, -Orixpaw-orexported*in ed therein to foreign parts; and aH entries Jrtld reports which the fame (hip. (hall be made of fuch fnuff, contrary to the dittfliutit Of this aft, (hall be, and the fame are hereby1 declared To be tiOUand yoid.	'	''	“	~‘:-

Ommiffloo- XXXII. And be it farther enaftCd, That thefatd cosirimiffi-er< of cuftoms oners of the cuftoms in England for the time being, or rttjrfta warehoufes or <nore them, an<f the faid cominiiltoners of the Cdftoitto m fer depofitiog Scotland for the time being, or any three or more of tHeat;<1ball. tobacco and and they refpeftively are hereby authbrifed and required', oOt«

any of the duties or revenues of cuftoms uhdftrbehf'WMmage-ment refpeftivejy, to provjde, from time to tithe, fich’Wvrt-hOufe and warehoufes as they refpeftively (hall deem ‘ritoilfSie and neceflary for denofiting, lodging, and fecWring ritebem, at each and every of the faia refoeftivft ports “flrft enumerated, i	n England and Scotland refoeftively, ^ll'fofchW

hacco and fnuff refpeftively as ftnH'b^rapdWed''dcitftdfag to I jhc directions of this aft at fuch	ts.	<“	'~u

XXXIII. And be it further e

it the fakh cthwfo'rf-fiopai

Digitized by

, Google

yfaffwo oond Georgii 111, c	yat

>P'iWr*'M)t^c;SuflWnS'io England-fur the time-being, or any four Commiffion-^(W^V^^Mthena, andthe (aid commiflloners of the cuftoms »n %*SHn4>fefithe tuneheh>g,or aujrthreo or more of them, (halt, appoint offi-fJtyejcfetpcSi.Moly are hereby au:boriftd and required to a?- cm to attend joiqt one or more officer or officer* of the cuftoms, \n England warehoufes. unt Scotland,c«fpa#wely, to attend all and every fuch warehoufe or- tjftarefrwifea fa tpbe provided, according to the dire&ions of tWf p<3» V* ,Engivtd and Scotland refpe&iyely, and one or more of &><&	to	he	a,cuftom	warehoufe keeper or warehoufe

kqfiftftts pf■ each and every fuch warehoufe; and the faid com* rpiffiooeffrof excife in England and Scotland refpe&ively, or the pp^jp^pmt of them refpectiveiy for the time being, (hall, and Wfpc^iwely »te licreby in like manner author! fed and re* i){Me^rtp appoint one. or more officer of officers of excife to at* fe^^fiiljmd every fuch warehoufe .or-warehoufes fo to be pro* according to the dire&ione! of this aft, in England and ^e^f^,tefpedliv«lyvaod one or more of fuch officer or officers excife warehoufe keeper x»r warehoufe keepers of each j||i4qwy fuch warehoufe.

,A^ iUV. And he itfurther enabled, That the proper officer Officers of the ■Of ,officers ,pf the cuftoms on board every fuch (hip or vefiel cuftoms on yx,, which tobacco (hall be imported, according to the direifti- mariTthe-thi* act* fhall mark, or.caufe. to be marked every hoarheads, hpgfnead, palk, clvfft, and cafe of tobacco with fuch mark or which are to uqtpfcmpn as the faid commiffioners of the cuftoms in	be landed in

tar-^hp .0<ne being, .or any four or-more of them, or the ^j^'^oiamiflioncrs of, the cuftoms in Scotland for the time *0 the Ware-tbping, or any three.ortmor^pf them, (haU diredV, and alfo with houfes, where ^progreffivc numbers 4 r and no hog (head, calk, cheft, or cafe of the tobacco is tobacco (hall be undipped, landed, or delivered from or out out feoarat-rQtfuch (hip, or yeflpl, before the fame (hall have been fo mark* *d,andweigh-jep*(t*nd wh*n the fame (hall have been fo marked, the import- ed,&c.

-era, proprietors, or confignees of fuch tobacco refpe-ffively (hall fppthwitb provided the feme (hall have been duly entered,) in -the prefence, of the .proper officer or officers of the cuftoms. un*

-ihip, ar>d land, or c+Jfeto be unihipped and landed, in the ufoai manner, all fuph tohacco, and (nail carry and convey the -or caufe the feme to be carried and conveyed 10, and de-ftofeed in, feme .or. one of the refpedive warehoufe .or waie*

- houfes fo to be provided as directed by this acl, at fuch of the Dprtf §fft herein-before enumerated at which fuch tobacco (hall

Sported; and the.proper officer or officers of thecuftoms

ttendfucb tobacco from the time of the unfhippjng thereof , , he fame (ball.be fo depofited, and the fame (hall be forth-jrithfodged and (centred in fuch warehoufe or warehoufes; and .UHtjj^ftpcrlanding waiters of thecuftoms (hall, upon there-fotkhrCfhogfheadt, caflcs, chefts, or cafes of tobacco being 1b bought as aforefaid to fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, and ’ W the feme, caufeiproper landing marks and numbers to be -fit, (tamped, py affixed- upon each and: every fuch hogfhead, fifcrObfft, Of cafeof tobacco ; and fetch importers, proprietors,

:	.	*	B	b b4	or

Digitized by

Google

jr2* ..	Aoro	yicefifBo	nooo G^oRon HJ>c.4Hk A [ t

or confignces rcfpciUycly^ (hall forthwith tako taken all luc!> tobacco from and out of the phetls, or cafes rcfpc&ivcty cbntainrog.the Came, aad alfofepv-rate all the d*magfd aq<Ljnican tobacqo, for which they f*fp*e~ lively ihall refufe tq pay the . duties by this ad^ ip>pofe4*r ffW the rcildue of fuch tobacco* an^-^ib f<*thwiA^ bacco, or caufe i|\e fame when lo taken pqt to be fejro^bt to and put into the proper (bales, tobe/welghed* io fogh pare* houfc qr warehoufest and fuch landing waiters, tog^tlier with the proper officer dj officer excite belonging to fitch ware-houle c>r wardioufcs, .(hill forthwith within tucb warchwfcpr warehoufes weigh, or savfle to be weighed, and to ke -au aocotiwt of, all fuch tobacco; andfuch iipppttew, proprietors, or eon*

\ ia figures refpeflively (hallaho, when and fo toon as iucb >ofraceo ^ (hall have been weighed.and taken an account ofr take tb* kmc pr caufe the fame to he taken frdui and our of thefcakaio which the fame (hall have heen fo weighed, and^ alfio remove ' the fame, 6r caufe'ihc. fame to be removed to and properly (lowed away in fuch convenient part, or partrof fiach warebow* or warehoufes as fuefr caftom warehouse keeper or wordtotiie Importer! keepers (hall "ini that behalf dircA*, and if any fuch importer pegiefting to or importers, proprietor or proprietors, confignee or configneca ouVof°hoCf^ tob3CCO> pmTr^ negjeft, or re£ufet contrary to the true head°s lodged intent and meaning of this a<S, to takaor.cauf* to be jtakeo from iu inch ware- or out of the hoglheatf, calk, cheflU qr cafe contain ing ihe fame, bouteg.&c.to any futh tobacco, whicli (hall be deposed, lodged, or fecured in (udf warehqofe or warcliaiifes. as afbrefaid,.or fbatt negkd boglbcad. pr r5^a^e 16 bring'any fuch tobacco, or caufe the Tamo to br brought to put 1 n^o flic proper Jcales, to be weighedafore* faid, or (hall riegjcdl pr xetuCe to tpk? any tobacco which fliafl have been weighed anti taken ah account of as directed *bjr this ail, Of ttufe the fame t.o be taken, at their own expeaee,' from or oot of the fcalci in which the. fame (hall have been kt weighed, of (hall omit, ,negle<fti or refufc to remove *he>fcme, or caufe the fame to be removed and properly ftowedaway, m dirc^cd try this ad, fuch importer or importers, proprietor er proprietors, coofign.ee or configne?s, (hall, before any fuch t*-pacco* (hall be cleared or delivered From or out of fuchnWafg-J. ' houfe Or warehdufes, firft pay, into the hands of the proper cwftotn wafehoufe keeper, warehoufc rent for fuch tobpet<v*t and kfter the We qf ii*pence per week, for each aodewr * hdgrtiead, cafk, chett^ or cafe pf fuc|i tobacco, for the trt*>ct*»t , fuch tobacco (halt remain.ib any fuqh warehouse or wsreboafes. ThkJo!kn(>t XXXVr Provided always, ami be it ensued,. Tharilfliall edhomtb* not beW.tq fe'parate thc (talk of anyfuch 4c^ccQ>fatin:the leaf of da- lc*f thereby on pretchpe that theTatoe.^ dowgcd of mom *e-magtdto- bacco, hor (hall any allowance be	jmpofW tfi+mt

porters, proprietor or/propricroi^r	,oi:*

VthTJtoS? ,obaCco» {Pr ot 'a POuhderaiion.qf a^tt>h^qpt,being damaged

arf rcfuM to or mean; but iri.cafe ly, dhe,.or they (hajl ftfufe t* jftty^rto ■-hcpaid,6cc. duties for tli^ famcran^ /hall not tbioL proper iq export iick

“	*	damaged

Digitized by LjOOQie

9^» 1 Arifo ticfefinfo honb GeoRgI? Iff.'	7*i

or trieantobadco, which it (hall be laWfiil' to ^o. projGj ^br Wtp&rrifd uhder thevregulatioh| of ad withiu o'W*b<whs *firom’flie time tlti importer or importers, pro-tft»'tW 'p'ro^rietors, con fig nee or conlignee>,ThouV<l or ought KWft* made TiB or their entry a* Iforefaid* and" inpackagejs cbnMMift Itfs <Bart fe^en hundred and fifty pounds weight, prdfitW'tffficersof the cufiorhs and excile refpe’ftively uiali jh tme^foflie; arid keep a' diftind account thereof, and ‘the i refp^ftiVe commiflioners of the cuftoms and cxcife (half fe fKe fariVe to be Burnt and dertroyed, ?hd (he faid relpec- • t cbWKniffibriers (hall fell and, difpofe tif the a(hest suifiug rriteitv fdr the mofr money that can he gotten for Th e Tame.

XXfXVf. Arid be it further enafted,?*l'1iaf, immediatefy Aftertabacc® :r fiaHb tobaccofh'all have beeit” fo weighed'br taken an ac-inptbf	in direfted	by this aft, the feveral importers^ proprie- »£** •

s, ib«^ Consignees (nail be permitted,' in (He prefepce of the taken, wluck i finding Waiters bnd exelfewarehoufe keepers; or other prp- rauft be re* r officer or officers of excifcTcfpeftivelyi, belonging tpjuch turned, rebottfo irt whifti fuch tobacco (hall have been fo weighed , d taken art accourif bf as ditefted by this aft, go draw og take t of’eeeh hojlffiead, calk; che(H or cafe, fo weighed and fakcri ‘ account of, 'a fafnple of (uch tobacco,'not exceeding four Hinds' Weight; ir\d the Tame (hall bereturned by fucTi jm- , mere, proprietors, oreanfcneesrefpe&ively, when fuch bogf-tad?<o*(k>; theft, or cafe of tobacco (half be re-weighed,a<j-rrrbngto’the direftidns of this aft,eitlier for exportation or ir howte'trade, confumpridn,'or^tnanufifture, andfuchira-artet^s,^ proprietors, of confignees refpeftivety, .(hall alfo be trnrimd, in' tike nrann'er,' to take a re^brid famplc, riot exceed -ig fouh pouhds Weight,:if, at the time of taking fuch fccorid impidj rhe fitft Tample: (halTbe returned info the, hog(head» afk; cheftf Ok cafe, out ofwhRfh the fatfie Was' taken; and fuch icood (ample (ball in like manner be returned When (uqh hogf-ead; cafki theft, btcSfe (hall be re-weighed,'according to the irefttorik oft his aft, either for exportation or home trade* con-amprionvW ntanufafture',	‘	’	*	“	7'	,

XXXVfl. Arid be it further enafted, That aft (nun which Snuff import* hall be imported in or on bbard any (hip or velTef, into,any of'd ^Oe con. he ports firft herein-before enumerated) and whereof entry has leenrrud* according to thedireftionsofthis aft, (hall, at the h^fcs, to be, xpence of the importers, proprietors, or cdfifignees, of fuch weighed, See. nuffqrefpeftively, be forthwith (provided the ume fhall have >een dwiytrtWffed) unfhipped, and landed Id the ufual. manper,	.	*

md <orfdt»fted,under the care of the proper officers of the cu.fr >" * omf^tantMrie or one of the refpeftive warehoufe or warehpuf^s u t ’ T 7 b to be‘proridedTts direfted by this aft,' at fuch of the port?.., ,, irft hweto-betore etiumeritbd St Which fbchfnuff mall be iaj-,,. pontd,3i»*1h»M MrforrhWith depofitedpVbdged, an(i fkcured in	-

fuchtuwetooulbwWareftbcrfijfc'j arid^hrpfo^Vlanding waiter^ jf tbelicmbotWs ^hitl, UpririfTKe ‘ iefpeftive hbglheads,,,ca(ks,. ,,	’	,	,

ftteftsy drWe? bf	roTJloUgftt	ui'aforefaid	to	fuch

t .	warehoufe

Google

.7U

... Anno, yjcefitno nono Gborgii ^68.

warehoufe qr warehoufes, and within the (anve^ landing marks and numbers to be fct, (lamped Pf, each and every fach hoglhead, calk, cheft, or cafe fuch importers, proprietors, or conlignces refpediyelf -ftaC forthwith brinu fuch fnuflF, or caufe the fame to b$ brought c and put into the proper (bales, ,to be weighed* in («£h giR-houfe or warehoufes; and fuch landing waiters,, together the proper officer or officers of excife belonging to (uchmirt-houfe or warehoufes, (hall forthwith, within fuch warehoufes, weigh or caufe to be weighed, and. tally aq^opogrt of, all fuch fnuflF; and fuch importers, proprietor*, qr^cm (ignees refpecHvelv (hall alfo, when and fo (bon tasfucb,foi£ (hall have been weighed and taken an accpusjt o£* ta fame, or caufe the fame to be taken, at their owa txp^R-fpedively, from and out of the Scales in which tire frqmjfeTi have been fo weighed, and alfo remove the latne, or fame to be removed and properly (lowed away in f\£h coqyjpini

Eart or parts of fuch warehoufe or warehoufes as liich qu(tqpa vag-oufe keeper or warehoufe keepers dial) in that bchalfcUpfc XXXVIII. And be it further enaded, That, ia^imdhaij (ample* may after fuch fnuflF (hall have been fo weighed aqd taken 30** iw»	counc	of as direded by this ad, th* feveral importer*, pfopr*

tors, or coqfignces thereof (hail be permitted, in the prdenetd the (aid landing waiters and exci fe warehoufe keeper septate proper officer or officers of excife refpedively, bcdongiqgtsfcl warehoufe in which fuch ihudF fhaft have been fo we;ghodx: taken an account of as direded by this ad, to take out « act hogfhead, caflc, cbeft, or cafe fo weighed and rakcq. an acjeyc of, a (ample of fuch fquff, not exceeding one jp9und and the fame (hall be returned by fuch importer*, proprietor* or confignees refpedively, when fuch hogthead, ca(k, cheft, tr cafe of muflF(hall be re-weighed, according lothc dire&oq*:; this ad..	t	j	t	,,

XXXIX. And be it further enaded, That }t be lawful to export as merchandize, diredly from the or warehoufes in which the fame (hall be depolitec^

after which

which muft be returned.

Tobacco lodged in

warehoufes may be ex-

ported direQ- fecured, according to the directions of this ad, any tobacco, ly from fubjed to the rules, regulations, reftridipns, *pjd mqnfjsi

nn H#»r t _•_______»!____>	.	/^t_	r_..A	^i.____Lr___■i-______lK'_.

ihtI'Si4c<ltr herein mentioned; (that is to fay) the perfon Qr.pcr&ias k-tiM. herein tending to export the fame (hall give at.leaft twenfy-jfoor l^pes Tpcdficd. notice in writing, to the proper cuftom and epeife wa^W keepers refpedively, belonging to fuch warehoufe Of ynujfrpps in which fuch tobacco intended to be exported fhal^be fcCc-pofited, lodged, and fecured, of his, her, or ir>tcnp»t! export fuch tobacco, and of the number of ppg$ieadviaib| cherts, or cafes of fuch tobacco, fo intended tpj 1?? cxp^nct,

and alfo the landing parks apd numbers vvhjfjt,

* / “

rtampt, or affixed upon each anil every fuch hog/hca

chert, or cafe, according to the drrc&ions qf tbisacfJX «qd alfo, at the time fpecified in futh notice, or	ffjjel

after, at his, her, or their own qfpcnc^ bring aU %^jo^c«

* •	Ipeofirf

Digitized by Google'

17S9.] ' AnnovSceftmo non© Gborgii UL<Jj<>8.	7*5

tfeetitfied-m fuch notice from the part or place of fuch ware- ........

ra^emfe er warchoufes in which the fame (hall be depofited and [k4»wedawfty} and alfo forthwith take, or caufe to be taken, all tobacco* from and out of the hogfheads, ealks, chefts, or' rsafes -containing the fame, and bring the Time, of caufe the ~aa»e, when' fo-taken out, to be brought to and put in the proper fcalesto be weighed* in fuch warehoufe or warehoufes; and proper landing waiter and eKbife warehopfe keepers, or other ptwtper officer or officers of excife, (hall forthwith, within fuch MP^Tohottfe of Warehoufes, weighs or caufe "to be weighed, and tatloe«an account of aH fuch, tobacw i and fuch perfon or per-fcwasfo intending to export the f*toc (hall alfo, before any fuch toft&deb (hah be delivered out of fuch warehoufe'or warehoufes for deportation, procure a proper cocquet, and make out two bills for the exportation /thereof, and ihdoffc upon fuch coiqdet and bills rcfpe&ively, in a fair, diftitv3, end legible mgoiicr, tKe plantation or manifeft mark and number which wekelupon each and every fuch hoglhead, calk, clteft, or cafe of robacco, at'thd time when -the fame was tirft imported into Great Britain* and atfo thclandingmarks and numbers *hich wdre fet, (lamped* nr affixed, according to thedirellions of this a^'tvpon each and every fuch hoglhead, ca(k, cheff,or cafethere-of, together with the exalt weight of the tobacco contained in each and evety fuel* hoglhead, calk,* cheft, or cafe at the time of its being landed in Great Britain, and Kkewife indorfe upon the fame cocquet and b?Hs, after weighing the tobacco in the pre-fence of the proper cuftcm landing waiter and excife warehoufe keeper, or ofherproperoffileft^or officers of excife, the weight of the tobacco contained in each fuch particular hoglhead, calk, ctfeft* or cafe at the time of its.being weighed for exportation; and (hall deliver fuch cocquet, and one of fuch bills To indorf-ed, to the proper feaitber or featchers of the cuftoms, and the ~ other of fuch bills to the proper excife warehoufe keeper$ and notfearchcf or fearrehers of the cuftoms fhall authorife the Ihip-ptegof any foch tobacco, unlefs fuch cocquet and bill lhall be fo tndorfed and delivered to the proper fearcher or fearchers of rife cuftoms os herein dircHed: and if fuch perfon or perfons .

<o intending to export the fame (hall not, at the time fpecified in foch notice, or within one hour after, bring all fuch tobacco (Specified hi fuch notice from the part or place of fuch warehoufe or Warehoufes in which the fame (hall be depofited and (lowed k&ntyl and alfo forthwith take, or caufe to be taken, all foch ^obaicto frbm and out bf the hogfheads, calks, chefts, or cafes

-	containing the fame, and bring the fame, or caufe the fame,

-	when fo taken out, to be brought to and put into the proper ''Teaks* tb be weighed,, in fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, then ^'fnth1tio.tiqe ffiaH be void, and the like notice in writing (hall be ' again given, before any fuch tobacco (hall be weighed or deli-~ reted odt of fitch warenoufe or warehoufes for exportation.

" \ XL/And be it further ena&ed, That fuch perfon or perfons Bond to be intending to export fuch tobacco, which (hall be delivered given for the -7-'*.\	out	allual	expor-

Digitized by v^ooQle

tatioo of tobacco taken out of wire

Anna viccfimo non® Gborcii III. [i

opt of the vnrehoufe or warehouses in which ttetjwge.i depofited, lodged, or Secured, according to rhe.it

wit of ware- a<5tj, fcall aJio, before the fame, or any part thi boo fr 8 fort hat	 r.	.	 £JLu	••	i

purpofc,

tfvered out of any fuch warehoufeor warchoofcVfiirx «vc bond himfelf, with two other furetles, ofwhk* tec’or other perfon having or taking the charge^ of the ftiip or veflel in or on board which fuch totiat tended to he ^ported, (hall be one {fuch furety^ ix fuch mafter or other pcrfon9 to be approved of by (tic Or oilier chief officer of the cuftpms of fuch of p herein-before enumerated from whence fuch tobiro jji to be exported), xo hi$ Majefty, his heirs and ~ ^^ (hilling prr pound for each ana every -tobacco (which bond fuch colledor or , hereby * authorised and impowered to take, name, and ,to his ’MajcAy’s ufe), that fuck i part thereof (hall (the dangers of the feasTUid^ be really and truly exported as merchandise fuch ports, or places beyond the (castas ffiafl, fuch bend, aha that fuch tobacco (hall not I carried to anJ other place or country whatevd^nor or put on board"apy other (hip, veffcl, or (fliipwreck or other unavoidable accident landed in any part of Crest Britain, Ireland) the ffe tfk the iflands of JtrJty* Guetnfej% Alderntyy or and (hipped out for thofe places rcfpe&iyely,* law, or the iflands of Faro or Ferro. the penalty of XLL Provided neverthelefs?) That the ^ which not to bond (hall not in any cafe exceed the Turn ’of and^ot^bc Pounds, and that no fuch bond Hull bie

liable to damp duty whatever.4 “ ‘	____

ftamp duty. XLll. And \?c it further enadted, That njp^fc^ai Nowarehouf- delivered out ofapyfuch warehouse or wayehoufci fd tobacco to-|Jq^ buj from tlie veiy fame port or place* at	w

for exporta- r*ca^ tobacco was .originally imported into Great Britd*y\ iRV tion, but at the origitul hpglheaul, caflc, cheft, or cafe in wjhicb the the place iirft imported into Great Britain, with the plantation arBif* where orip- feft th?tk arn] number which were upon Such hccfiicao, .(& ed and'tn°the c^^ or cafe,,at the time when the feme was fixft uqfffrftdgfr originilhogf- Gr«f Britain, and alfo the land ing marks and nompetf heads, &<v were fet, ftapiped, or affixed, according to tbc dire^i^y^jfe a&, upon men hogfhead, cafl;, cllcft, or cafe, without‘Mkljr. ^ration whatever bein*i made .n fuch hoglhead, cafe, (except fuch as fluK be qccafioned bynece"

>K . for the repairs thereof), and with the whole '	.	which was originally imported in Aich hogfhead,

;c j - cafe, being contained in kfuch ^ogfjhea^ calk,

•;v ; ' ; except as herein is providedr xnd except fuch dams f 1 -/* tobacco as ffiall have heeq feparate^ ^herefrom^09!

. .djreiftions of this a<3,aod.affc> fuch tobacco a^iba tj£fn out forfamjglc* as dir^dlcd^fbis ad j' “ J *

Digitized by v^ooQle

AiW vfctfimo nono Georgii lit c.

1 lizaybe delivered out of fuch warehoufe and warb: Oration, and be exponed m feparate packages __	beads,	cafks,	cherts,	or	cafes	in	wtych	ihe	fame

imported, provided the fame are fo refoe&ively (fcrbtf	exported	with fuch refpe&vehogrtieaas, cafks^

ffs,ljr c^bsJdf tobacco irt Which the fame were fo refpedfively

727



__ Provided alto, and tie;'Tt further ena&ed, That if tht After fepara-imagdd meart tobacco; fn .any of thehogffieajds, "calks,tion {efts; ^icattfs which (hall bi ft> feparated, arid which the ;"|h, i^rref ^importers, prbpndfbf1 br proprietors,,, confignee or remainder i« WiCgoees'thirreof refpedtivety, (haM refufe to pay the duties di- the hogfliead dred'hy VmS adt, (halt be fo great in quantity, that the refidue fhall be under f thh IrripaCcq m any of fudh nogfheads, calkv cherts, or cafes, ijflT hecUnder the weight of four hundred and fifty pounds', then jn thepre- * id% ltich baft it (hair and inay he lawful to and for fuch un- fence of tb« ’inij*j>rterSj proprietor dr proprietors, confignee or con- officers of the

jn ttte“j>refence of the proper landing walrersof the cuf-(inv alid the proper officer or officers of excift, to caufc all exportation, ichVelldue’of fuch tobacco to bd repacked and put together; See. i the' Warehodfe or wafelioufes'm which the fapi* fhall be fo e^ifited; lodged, andfecured as diredted by this ai5t,' into one r mbte af thb fariie hogffieads, ca^i1 Cherts, br 'cafes, out of /hieft futli damaged Or mean totwctortial 1 he taken ; and all and my 'fbch bogtheadycarfks,cherts, or cafes of tobacco fo re-acked' fhall arid frisfybe deliVjrfed out "of fuch warchoufe or <ardu>ufcs for exportation add exported,1 provided the quar&liy fthefo)tocco loiepacked Jh cich fuchhogfheati, cafk,’ chef^'or ale, ihall ^rnbunt tb foot ftpndred and 'twenty-five pounds refghf of fifcii, and^he plantatfdrt dr manifert mark ind num-? > cr w^Uch were upon fuch hogfhcad/cafk, chert, o¥ cafe at tire me Wnbh tH¥ fame Was imported into Great Britain, * a'nc^ lib	marks	and	numbers refpedlively, Which' were

affixed, according to the directions 6f this art, po^^cn^togfhead, calk, cheftj or cafe, when the fame was firft ihSeiflW U^eat Britain, fhafl be thereon at the time when the itbPTWfl fie delivered out of fuch warehoufe or warehouses for fobftadbri,‘^ind at the time or the exportation thereof > any ifrikWtftlf iacontained to the contrary notwithftartdinb.	»	•

‘XtiV^Ahd be it further enaded, That fuch rdbacco intended Tobaccb ln-gnd may from time to time' (the fame hay- tended far hjjfcth tfflfy entered with the collector of the cuftSuW outwards) e delivered fa|* exportation from and out of furti Warchoufe or jirered upon artffibufbs irr Which the fame fhall be fo deppfited; lodged, and productug to. fcdfraJ upon the perfon or perfons intending to'export iucb *|hpware- ..: fo^'°fWperron'or perfons on his, her, dr^ifieifbehalf, rdmctOgro theourrtom and excue warehoufe keepers refpep- the requifitc Vj^yj	‘to'	fucti	wafehoWe pr warihoufei; a certificati bonds being

^^t^tfe$°b]Plhb'Vc)n^ befdd-beifbrt df^ebled bfing duly ea- entered into, riSr iftVo fdr Ab 'txpori&QpHti	tdbaicb,. irnd alfo1 pro-)&c*

d^g!Jft4il£* mJmncr,Sf fHe^wt:coTo intended to*be exported’

* 7	be

Digitized by

Google

Anno vicefimo nono GEORGtJ Iff, C1^: [tfi

be tobacco of the growth, produfKbn, or maiiufaitortoful: plantations or dominions of or Portugal^ a certidcafe c: certificates, under the relpe&ive hands of the proper coM* of the cuftoms and excife refpedlivcly, of the doty by tliu *5 impofed'for or in refpcdt thereof being fully paid; anil opr? fuch delivery of any fuch tobacco for exportation, the fame frai! be forthwith carried and conveyed, at the expence of fuch cer-fon or perfons, by fuch pcrfon or pcrfons as (hall be authored, according to an a£t made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign cf his prefent Majefty, intituled, {An aft for regulating tie prmgz *	of manifejls, and for more cffc finally preventing fraudulent pro8has

‘	obtaining	bounties	and	drawbacks; and in the dandcjfint rclsn&i £

goods), by licence under the hands of the comnii(lionets of the cuftoms for the time being, or any three or more of than, a carry or^>ut on board (hips and veflels, for exportation to ft-! reign parts, goods entitled to drawback, bounty^ or prerakr, according to the directions of the faid aCt; and the fame dull I alfo be attended by the proper officer or officers of the culler on board fuch (hip or veffel in which the fame (hall beintcs&i to be exported.

If tobacco, fo XLV. And be it further cnaCled, That if any fuch token, fl^adbccon- a^fcr l*lc delivery thereof from any fuch warehoufe dr ware*! celled, or not houfes as aforefaid for exportation, (hall, before tHeftippn; Ihipt in 14 thereof, be lodged or deposited in any warehoufe or Other pha hour#, &c. fo as to be concealed, from pubHck view or mfpe&ion, or (hi" feited* IfTlth nm ^PPcd w^hin thd fpace of twenty-four hours after fccH the calks. delivery thereof, or if the hogfhead, ca(k, cheft, or tsky which fuch tobacco was contained at the time of fuch delivery, (hall be wilfully opened, or any part of fuch *tobacco tikr thereout, after fuch delivery thereof, and before its arrin!:: the place for which five fame (hall be entered for exportation then, and in each and every fuch cafe, all fuch tobacco, and hogfheads, calks, chcfts, and cafes refpeftively containing lame, (hall be forfeited, and (ball and may be fated by ary officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife.

If tobacco, XLVI. And be it further enafted. That if any rotate?, romtion* be c't*lcr wanufaAured or unmanufaflured, after the fame ft*!' vn(hipped	have been (hipped for exportation in or on board any (hiper

within four veflel, in purluance and according to the directions of this ai leagues of the (hall be un(hipped for any purpole whatever, either within the *?’ limits of any port of this kingdom, or within four leagues'of the kingdom, itC coa® thereof, or (hall be relanded in this lingdom out bf a be for- from fuch (hip or veffel (unlefs in cafe of neceffiry ordiftfds, t fkited, with fave the (hip and goods from perifhing, which (hall be imnrf* the veflel, &c. arcjy ma(je fcnown lo the principal officers of the cuftojn$*rf£ ing at the port neareft to which fuch (hip or veffel fti^n be tf M	the time fach neceffity or diftrefs (hall arife), then not <^blyfed

tobacco fo unihipped, together with the hoglheads^ caftS, ctafo cafes, or othefr packages refpe&ivcty, containing	bot

alfo the ihlp Or veffel in or on board which the fame fhaltbe b thipped, together with her guns, furniture, amiiliihition,tacfe

ad

Digitized by Google

%.] j Apno vfcefimo noncrGEORGH III. c. 6$.	fig

id apparel, aqd alfo the (hip, vcf&I, or boat into which fuch'

bacco (jull be unfhipped, or put after fuch unfhipping thereof,

gether with her euns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and ap~,

rel, (half tit forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any

Beer or officers of the cuftoms orexcife.

XLVII. And be it further enadted, That no tobacco, either No tobacco to lanufa&ured or unmanufadlured, (hall be entered or (hipped be exportedm >r exportation to any parts beyond the feas (Ireland excepted), of lefs i any (hip or veflel whatever, unlefs fuch (hip or veflel (hall be eX^p\°to°ircf.

F the burthen of feventy tons or upwards; and if any officer land; and if r officers of the cuftoms or excife (hall apprehend, or have rea- tbev are Turin to believe, that any fuch (hip or veflel bound to foreign utobe irts, and having tobacco onboard her, (hall not be'of the bur- bedeumecUo tert of feventy tons or upwards, it (hall and may be lawful for be meafured, ich officer or officers to flop and detain fuch (hip or veflel, and etc. ie whole jeargd laden on board her of tobacco and all other bods, until he or they (hall caufe (uch (hip or veflel to be a<l-leafured, according to the rules for admeafurement prefer!bed y an adt pafled in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his pre-•fit Majefty, (intituled. An all for the further inertafe and eneou-igement of /hipping and navigation); and if it (hall appear by fuch imeafurement that any fuch (hip or yeffel is of the burthen of rventy tons or upwards, the officer or officers fo flopping or etaimng her and her cargo, (hall not be fubjedt or liable to any {lion for damages occaiioned by fuch ftoppage and detenfion ; nd if the mafteror other perion having or taking the charge or ommand of any (hip or veflel outward bound to foreign parts friland excepted), having tobacco in or on board her, (hall enter mjf clear out fuch (hip or veflel at the cuftom houfe, as of the lurthen of feventy tons or upwards, and fuch (hip or veflel (hall iot be of fo great burthen as feventy tons, according to the rule or admeafurement prescribed by the faid adl, fuch mafter or >ther perfon (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds . or ev^rv fuch offence.

XLVm. And be it further enadted, That iT any perion or Pertons craf*’ lerfons whatever (hall erafe, cut out, burn out, blot out, or in marks nywife whatever alter, change, of deface apy mark or pumber, f^S^ool!0

marks or numbers, which was or were burnt in, kcut in, or	•

it upon anv hogfhead, caflc, cheft* or cafe whatever of tobbaco .... : n his (aid Msgefty’s colonies, plantations, iflancfs, of territories	•	1

rt America, or in the united dates of America^ or any of the	‘ ’ ‘	*

anding marks or numbers which (hall be fer, (lamped, or af-	^

peed thereon, accordingto the directions of this adl, he, (he, or bdy (p offending' (l]a)l, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit ihe (urn of one hundred[pounds.	...

XLlX/And be it furVher enadled; That thp bonds herein- Regulations i>efore	to	be^iven.lhall'be difeharged in manner herein ?°£

benf^hetf; (that is to fay), for fuch unmanufadlured tobacco ’^ten^r is fltil! be entered for 'exportation* id ,the ^kingdom qf Ireland,, portarion of * or the triands isT&uernfey, ferfey% Alderney, or Sark, upon the tobicco. :y' ^rodudlion 6f* certificate to the collector, or other chief dfficcr	^

Digitized by

Google

739

Bond for ex* porting tobacco to Ireland, not to he forfeited, if the quantity certified to be landed, it not deficient more than alb. in the aoo.

From 0 A. so, S7*9* no tobacco to be caponed to Jtnty* etc*

Anno vicefimo nono Geo&GU 1H. C££.	[17^

of the cuftoms who took fuch bond* within fig, jaaoptha im the date of fuch bond, teftifying the landing, of fuchaobaot there ; upon the like produ&ion of a like certificate, nitte twelve months, for fuch tobacco as (hall be fo catered iprm other port or place in Europe (other than the Ifie of Mm and the iflands of Far* or Ferr9)% or any port or place in 4^ 0 Africa, within the Strcigbts of Gibraltar ; upon the like pnfeec-tion of a like certificate, within eighteen months, for inch ®» bacco a6 (hall be fo entered for any of his Majefty’s coioaies, plantations, iflands, or territories in America or Africa* or tie united dates of America \ and upon the like production of alike certificate, within twenty-four months, for fuch tobaccoas-tiaU be fo entered for any port or place at or beyond the Cape qfQod Hope^ and fuch certificates refpedtively, for fuch tobacco* (hall be fo entered for, and landed in, anv port or place where any officer or officers of bis Majefly’s cuftoms (hall be rdUeoi, (hall be figned by the proper officer or officers of his Majsfip cuftoms there; and if no officer of his Majefty9* cuftoms Ad be refident in fuch port or place where fuch tobacco daaM h fo entered for and landed, fuch certificate (hall be figpedtoy fie Britijk conful, or other perfon adting as fuch, there; audit no officer of his Majefly’s cuftoms or Britijb conful, or oticr perfon adling as fuch, (Hall be refident at fucb port or $bc where fuch tobacco (hall be fo entered for and landed, fucb certificate (hall be under the common feal of the chief magjifoi: of fuch port or place, or under the bands and (eals of two knot: Britijk merchants then being at fuch port or place wbe? fuch tobacco dull be fo landed; or fuch bond or bonds Go be difcharged, upon proof, in any or either of the (aid cafe, that fuch tobacco was taken by enemies, or perifhed in flat fe or was deftroyed by fire; the examination and proof there* being left to the judgement of the cotnmiflioners of the cuAosb in England or Scotland* for the time being, refpedtivcly.

L. Provided always. That no fuch bond (hall, be forfeited w or by reafim of any fuch certificate not teftifying the bndm ;the whole quantity of tobacco mentioned in any fucb bond* the port or place of importation in Ireland exprefted in fife bond, if the quantity teflified to be fo landed (hall not be deficient more than two pounds in every one hundred powfe weight of tobacco mentioned in fuch bond.

LI. And whereas it is expedient that tobacco Jbould not if expend frem Great Britain to the tjknds of Jerfev, Guernfcy* Aldenxi, and Sark, or any or either of them, or the Ifie of Many xemtejofa mitted by licence wider the hands of three or mere of the caemmtfitmr of his Majeftys cufloms in England for the time being, and t£e$jw permiffwn jbould be limited to certain quantities, to be foepartod father annually \ be U therefore further enadted by the aothori? aforefak). That, from and after the faid tenth 4*y of Oflakaew thoufand (even hundred and eighty-nine, it (hall not be feofil to export, or to enter for exportation, from Creep Britain Hi faid iflands of Jerfey, Guernfey, Alderney, and Sari, of nmf a

Digitized by v^ooQle

* Amib VicelnT^nono GfcoRtJirin.731

feflP^Rficftr, Afr'tfethrf/k'of Many tinder the'penalty *df the ^tbout the nfeitdlt ihenedfV to be ftraed by any officer or officers of tfce *,c*nccof the "^iF^xetfey *ny fibacco, unief* permiffion be firft eteen ers^>f the0" !ljWrtif>bfe by the tdtfimtffioners of his Majefty's cbftoms cuftoms. Jaml wt the time being:, or any three or more of therb,

Acer tinder tHetr hands; and the faid cdmmiffioners, or rfTffcre* pr mdte of them, are hereby authorHed and required, ^i^ffiiejltioo to them in writirr^fbrt hat purpofc, to grant thdr &n&c from time to time, under ffietr hands (fuch Itcence^to force’thirty days from the date therepf,’and io tfteP); bonify of fits MrfJeflyVtuhjedr, to exportfnbm any of fcwfeRfr Numerated pdrtsnr England, in BritiJbUhHft

and re|iflered according to law, add nofbf flPWdmiei^thao fiventy tons (the tortnag^to'fce afeertained In bjr this *&), to the' fi^Wands offer-an&Sark, and thb M^/Afj»refpe6H^eiy, tobacco,* either manufactured or tmmanufac-flwf9W°dcceeding in' tf»e whold, in any one year, to ttidfe ftlwB Hff^fflirdy, thefeJTowrn^ quantities; (thdt is to hy) to Quantities idt tttilftfidfJerftfj an ^quantity not exceeding forty thbbfartd that ®.ay ^ tKIftdi'^thi^ to the ifland of Gnerrrfey, any quantity rtot ex-	with*

feWfatyg tblnfy-five thouftnd pounds* weight; to the Ifland df fach licence, t^iahtfty not exceeding fire thoufand pounds 'td!tHe fflahd of TSHM',any quantity not exceeding one bbwfcfld pdbncft height; afttf to the IJle tf Man, any Quantity iW'fofcWdtng1 forty fooufartd'pdund* weight.

■’,.fcIF.DA'hd1be i^fbrfHer eiiaftetf, That all and every the im- Warehoofed Wjfrti*,W importers, proprietor or proprietors,-ednfignee or con. tobacco to be ightfk<bfTobacco,"wh i ch fhall be depofited, lodged or feCured iTmonthV o ftiy TueR ^afohoufif’or warchoufes fo^o be proVWed ac-	*

SWthg td'ltlfo^ireflieris df this aft, fhall/wlthiri twerity-four rhcftfflsyte'bf'fcotriputeil from the day on which tfie!importer ar importei%i prbprretSr dr proyirietors, cortfignee dr-fonfignees Crffftbb'tObaCco lhall'Ot ought to have made hys’, her, or their	\

(•rffty^tlforeolM- writing,.according to •thedlrtftlbntf'df this-aft, cfesHrilPhkfc froth fembtft''bf<foclf wanthdofe-o^ warehobfeg re^xSSitfel^i %fther for eJtpdKijifodi'faftco^diftg tb thd" dlreftf- ,	11	'	-

KWtin-bffore obrtfattietT, ^tybrh&iifi trade, CAhfumptlori, t’ et>tMnd(adhite, athfuch tdbacco; and that tl! ind'rWr^ ifn- and ware-' porter or importers; ‘prbprfftdr* bf ' proprietors ^ eddfigned or boufed fnuff cdfiBgnVfejwhich“fftiir be- dfpofitW j Obliged or lec tired Q one moauj. iflSayfcoh-Wirehoufe Or Warehotifo; ttralf, wMsitf end mtfhttl, td$$4!Mnptrted frofo the daV orf ’frhlch" the' itnpdrter of lmpdr-	"*

ltfrs^4^|MPri*tdr •^bt, 'pft)(3riet(3?s,'.co'nTrgnce Or fOnfignees of Tbch trtighnb havf foiidd Ks,' Herylor thiir'entry thkiie-ofj	Ibcordtng^a the' directions't>f thrs aft, clear and

talwtltaid^Wt of Tuch- wdfehtiiile* or- warehdufes re-ipSMf+Wfofeh*’foMEf';‘>ahl'<}ttt ^»HfcnT1»tty importeror im- Wegtifatro«s* pdMbrlf ptdprfclbr or pi%p»tetofs,''tfofirfign*e kif1 «mfigbee* bf Ob'taking* '* inf\$biet%	vdfpORWdrio^fedv	Of'foctrred	in	any	fueh

wtthoUe.WfiWardltotlfotV^^'^t^ to cleat or take from or boate con^ai Vot. XXXVI.	Cce	out

Google

Anfio viccfimo nono Georgh III. c. 6fc - £i7*9-

fumption, out of any fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, any tobacco for borne

tobacco and trade, confumption, or manufa&ure, or any (huff,	d**, or

^DU^#-	they (hall give at lead twenty-four hours notice in writing to

the cudom and excife warehoufe keepers refpediveJy belonging to fuch warehoufe or warehouses rcfpe&iveiy, of his* her, or their intention fo to do, and of the particular hoglhcads, calks, chcds, or cafes of fuch tobacco and fnufF refpc<5liveiy to intended to be cleared or taken out, and alfo the landing marks or numbers which were fet, damped, or affixed upon eadi and every fuch hogihead, calk, ched, or cafe 6f tobacco and fnuff relpe&ively, according to the directions of this a€t; and (hall alfo, at the time fpecified in fuch notice* or within one hour after, at his, her, or their own expence, bring aU fuch tobacco and fnuff refpe&ively fpecified in fuch notice* fro® the parts or places of fuch warehoufe or warehoufes in whkh the fame (hall be depofited and dowed away, and alfo forthwith take, or caufe to be taken, all fuch tobacco from and out of die hogfheads, calks, chcds, cr cafes containing the fame, aid bring the fame, or caufe the fame, when fo taken out, to be brought to and put into the proper feales, to be weighed is fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, and (hall alfo, in like maa-ner, bring all fuch fnuff, or caufe the fame to be brought to and put into the proper feales to be weighed ; and the proper cudom landing waiter or landing waiters, and proper officer or officers of excife refpe&ively, belonging to fuch wareboufe or warehoufes, (hall forthwith,, within fuch warehoufe or wase-houfes, weigh, or caufe to be weighed, and take an account of, each and every fuch hoglhead, calk, ched,, or cafe of tobacco, and alfo of all fuch fnuff j and all and every fuch importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, confignee or confignees, (hall thereupon forthwith pay down in ready money into the hands of the proper collectors of the cudopas and excife refpe&ively, the faid feveral duties of cudocns and excife by this ad impofed for or in refped of fuch tobacco and (huff relatively $ and fuch importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, confignee or confignees, (hall alfo, before any fudi tobacco or fnuff (hall be delivered out of fuch warehoufe pr warehoufes for home trade, confumption, or manufacture, procure from the collector and other chief officers of the cudoms, a certificate ot the payment of the cudom duties by this ad impofed for or 'ifl refped of fuch tobacco or fnuff, and (hall alfo procure from ike colle&or of excife a certificate of the payment of the excife duties by this ad impofed for or in refped of fuch tobacco or fnuff, and (hall alfo indorfe upon fuch certificates refpe&ively, in a fair, diftind, and legible manner, the plantation or ma-nifeft mark and number, which were upon each and evetyfech hogfhead, calk, ched, or cafe of tobacco or fnuff, at the time when the fame was fird imported intq, Great Britain, and alfo the landing marks and numbers which were fet, (lamped, or affixed, according to the dire&ions of this ad, upon eadi aad every fuch hogfhead, calk, ched, or cafe thereof, together with

•Digitized by

Google

1789-! Anno vicefimo nono GeoSgti III. c. 68.	723

the exaCt weight of the tobacco or fnuff contained in each and wery fuch hogfhead, talk, cheft, or cafe, at the time of its being landed in Great Britain, and likewife the weight of; the tobacco or fnuff contained in each fuch particular hogfhead, cafk, cheft,> or cafe, at the time of its being weighed for home trade, con-fumption, or manufacture; and (hall deliver tQ the cuftom warehouse keeper fuch certificate fo procured from the collector and other chief officers of the cuftoms, and indorfed as herein di-rc<51ed, and (hall alfo deliver to the proper excife warehoufe keeper fuch certificate fo procured from the colle&or of excife, and indorfed a& aforefaid ; and upon fuch certificates being fo indorfed and delivered as aforefaid, the faid cuftom and excife 'warehoufe keepers fhall deliver out of fuch warehoufe or ware-boufes for home trade, confumption, or manufacture, fuch tobacco and fnuff fpecined in fuch certificates and indorfements, and the proper officer of excife (hall thereupon give to fuch importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or confignee or confignees, a permit or permits for the removal thereof from fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, to the entered premifes of the manufacturer or manufacturers of, or dealer or dealers in tobacco or fnuff, to whom fuch tobacco and fnuff refpeCtively are 'intended to be removed ; and no fuch tobacco or fnuff fhall be delivered out of any fuch warehoufe, unlefs fuch certificates, fo indorfed as aforefaid, (hall be previoufly procured and delivered as aforefaid; and if any fuch importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, confignee or confignees, (hall not, at the time i^crificd in fuch notice, or within one hour after, bring fuch tobacco and fnuff refpeCtively fpecified in fuch notice, from the part orplace of fuch warehoufe or warehoufes in which the fame fhall be fo depofited and (towed away, and alfo forthwith take or fcaufe to be taken all fuch tobacco from and out of the hogf-heads, cafks, chefts, or cafes containing the fame, and bring or caufe to be brought fuch tobacco dr fnuff to and put into the proper feales to be weighed, according to the directions of this act, then fuch notice (hall be void and of none effect; and the like notice in writing (hall be again given, before any fuch to* bacco or fnuff refpeCtively fhall be weighed or delivered out of fuch warehoufe or warehoufes.

•LIII. Provided neverthelefs, and be it enaCted, That the Sixpence per proprietor or proprietors of fuch unmanufactured tobacco (hall hogftead per pay warehoufe rent after the rate of fixpence per week for each pa^ fo° c and every hogfhead, cafk, cheft, or cafe of fuch tobacco as (hall warehoufe remain in fuch warehoufe or warehoufes after the expiration of room of to-cighteen months, to be computed from the day on which the bacco, after wnporter or importers, proprietor or proprietors, confignee or of* 8XmonVh» confignees of fuch tobacco (hall or*ought to have made his of from entry, their entry thereof as aforefaid.

LIV. And be it further enaCted, That the proper cuftom In weighing landing waiter and landing waiters, and proper officer or officers tobacco and Of excife, (hall, in the weighing and taking account of all tobadco p1^ ho mead and fnuff refpeCIively, in fuch warehoufe dr warehoufes fir to be fo be allowed

C c c 2	provided

Anno vicefimo nono Georgii III. c, [\ jfy

for the turn provided as aforefaid, and by this adt diredted to be* wotted of the fealc. ancj taken an account of therein, give the turn of the ft?]? « favour of the crown, and in lieu thereof (hall allow the importers, proprietors, or confignees thereof two pounds weight avoir, dupoife upon each and every hoglhead, calk, cheft, or cafe of fuch tobacco and fnuff, refpedtively fo weighed and taken as account of.

If tobacco be LV. And be it further enadted, That if any importer or ia-not taken porters, proprietor or proprietors, confignee or confignees, of warehoufe in any to^acco which (hall be depofited, lodged, or fecured in any 94 months warehoufe or warehoufes to be provided according to the &-and the duties regions of this adt, (hall omit, negledt, or refufe to ciear or take paid, and any tobacco from or out of any fuch warehoufe or warehoufes month” it”C w^*ch ,hc ^amc	depofited,	lodged,	or	fecured as heron

may be fold diredted, within twenty-four months, to be computed from the Ibr payment day oh which the importer or importers, proprietor or proof the duties; prietors, confignee or confignees of fuch tobacco (hall or ought to have made his, her, or their entries thereof in writing according to the diredtions of this adt, or (hall omit, negledt, or refufe to pay or clear off any of the duties by this adi impofed or payable lor or in refpedt of fuch tobacco according to the diredhooi of this adt, or within fuch twenty-four months; or if assy importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, confignee ok confignees, ot apy fnuff which (hall be depofited, lodged, or fecured in any warehoufe or warehoufes fo to be provided according to the diredtions of this adt, (hall omit, neglcdtj or nftdc to clear or take any fuch fnuff from or out of any fuch wacehoufe or warehoufes in which the fame (hall be depofited, lodged, or fecured as herein diredted, within one month, to be competed from the day on which the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, confignee or confignees of fuch fnuff (ball or ought to have made his, her, or their entries thereof in writing according to the diredtions of this adt, or (hall omit, neglcdi, or refafe to pay or dear off any of the duties by this adt impofed or pay* able for or in refpedt of fuch fnuff according to the diredtions of this adt, or within fuch one month, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners of the cultoms in England for the time being, or any four or more of them, and to and fer the commiflioners of the cuftoms in Scotland, for the time being,.* any* three or more of them, and to and for the faid coramiffienei* of excife in England and Scotland refpedtively, or the major part of them refpedtively for the time being, to caufe all fuch tobaeca and fnuff refpedtively, together with the hogflieads, calks, chefe, and cafes refpedtively containing the fame, to be publicity tpJd to the belt bidder, at fuch places as the faid refpe&ive comquf* fioners of the cuftoms or excife, as the cafe may re^uu^At# think proper, for and towards fatisfying the faid dqtfes by ifife adt impofed for or in refpedt of fuch tobacco, upon .{fea being delivered for home trade, confumption, or out of the warehoufe or warehoufes ip which the la^ been fo depofited, lodged, and fecured, orfor or,,jh refaefr tf

Digitized by

Googk

178^.3 Anno vicefimo nono GeoRGII III. c. 68.	7^5

fuck fnuff, upon the fame being delivered out of the warehoufe or warehoufes in which fuch fnuff /hall have been fo depofited, lodged and fecured, together with all reafonable cofts, charges, and expences of the keeping and file of fuch tobacco and fnuff refpectively; and if the money arifing from the fale thereof (hall be more than fufficient to pay and fatisfy all the faid duties* together with fuch cofts, charges, apd expences, the refpeCtive receivers general of the cuftoms in England and Scotland for the time being (in cafe the faid refpeCtive commiflioners of the cuftoms, of any four or more of them, in England, or three or more of them in Scotland, (hall caufe fuch tobacco or fnuff to be fold) (hall pay over to 'the faid refpeCtive commiflioners of excife, fo much of fuch excefs or furplus as will be fufficient to fatisfy the excife duties by this aCt impofed for or in refpeCl of fuch tobacco and fnuff refpeCtively, upon the delivery of fuch	*

tobacco and fnuff refpeCtively-for home trade, confumption, or manufacture, out of the warehoufe or warehoufes in which the lame refpcCtively (hall be depolited, lodged, and fecured; and the faid refpeCtive commiflioners of excife (in cafe they, or the major part of them refpeCtivcly, (hall caufe fuch tobacco or fnuff to be fold) (hall pay over to the faid refpeCtive receivers general of the cuftoms, fo much of fuch excels or furplus as will be fufficient to fatisfy the cuftom duties by this aCt impofed, for or in refpeCt of fuch tobacco and fnuff TefpeCtively, upon the delivery thereof, for home trade, confumption, or manufacture* out of theSrvarehoufe or warehoufesin which the fame refpectively IhaH be depofited, lodged, and fecured* and the overplus, any ' be, (hall be paid to the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, confignee or confignees of fuch tobacco and fnuff rcfpeCtively, or other perfon or perfons authorifed to receive the fames and if in cafe, upon fuch tobacco or (huff being put up andifnomore or offered to fale, no perfon or perfons (hall offer or bid for the tban th^du’d fame more money than the faid duties taken together would amount unto, then and in fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful bacco or fnuff,' to and for fuch commiflioners refpeCtivcly to caufe the fame re- it may be fpeCtively to be burnt or deftroyed, and to fell and difpofe of the burnt*andthe afhes arifing therefrom for the mod money that can be gotten fo,d* for the fame.

T*VI. And be it further enaCted, That all and every the im- If tobacco or porter or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or confignee or fnuff be not confignees, of tobacco and fnuff refpcCtively, which (hall be |^c^Jronl -weighed and taken an account of refpeCtively, according to the houfchifx4 dire&ions of this aCt, either for exportation or for home trade, days after confumption, or manufacture, (hall, within fourteen days after bjeingweighed fuch weighing of fuch tobacco and fnuff refpectively, clear and J?r take away all fuch tobacco and fnuff refpeCtively from and out confumption, of fuch warehoufe or warehoufes in which the fame (hall have 6d. per week been fo weighed; and if any fuch importer or importers, pro- to be pa;d for prictor or proprietors, confignee or confignees, of any tobacco *acb or (huff refpectively, (hall fuffer any fuch tobacco or fnuff re- *caa* fpeCtWdy to be pr remain in any fuch warehoufe or warehoufes

C c c 3	more

Digitized by Google

73<5

No perfons to he employed by importers, &c.of tobacco or fnuff, in the King’s warehoufes, hut fuch as are licenfed by the coramif-fionera of the ^uftpms.

ToKicco or V-M’ti laved ri\>m any v.vrcii to be io»Sjj**d in the luarcft cuf-

Anno vieefimo nono Georgii III. c. 68.	[1789^

more than fourteen days after fuch weighing of fuch tobacco or fnuff refpe&ively, he, (he, or they (hall, over and betides the duties by this a<St impofed for or in refpeft of foch tobacco or fnuff iefpec\ively, pay, or caufe to be paid, to the proper cuftoo warehoufe keeper belonging to fuch warehoufe, at and after the rate of fix pence per week for each and every fuch hogihead, cafk, cheft, or cafe of fuch tobacco and fnuff refpedtivcly, for the time during which any fuch tobacco and fnuff refpe&itdy fhall remain in fuch warehoufe or warehoufe* after the expffi-tion of fuch fourteen days, and in default of fuch payment no fuch tobacco or fnuff (hall be delivered from or out of fuch warehoufe or warehoufes to fuch importer or importers, pro-prietor or proprietors, confignee or confignccs, but the feme (hall be.fold and difpofed of, and the money anting from foch fale thereof be applied in manner as is herein directed for and in refpedl of tobacco and fnuff which the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, confignee or confignccs, (hail omit, negleft, or refufe to clear or take from and out of the warehoufe or warehoufes in which the fame (hall have been deposited, lodged, or fecured, within the times rcfpc&ivdy herein before in that behalf prelcfibed and directed.

LVII. And be it further enadled, That no perfon or perfeni Whatever (hall be employed by any importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, confignee or confignees, of any tobacco or fnuff, depofited, lodged, or fecured ia any fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, nor (hall any fuch perfon or perfons do or perform any a&, matter, or thing, in or about the taking any fuch tobacco or fnuff from pr out of any hogihead, cafk, cheft, or cafe, containing the fame, or in or about the feparating any damaged or mean tobacco from the refidue of fuch tobacco, or bringing fuch tobacco or fnuff, or caufing the fame to be brought to or put into the proper feales to be weighed, or removing or flowing the fame away in fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, or removing the fame from or out of fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, upon the delivery thereof from or out of fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, unleft fadi perfon or perfons (hall be previoufly duly licenfed for that par-pofe. by the commiflioners of the cuftoms in England for the time being, or any four or more of them, or the commiflioners of the cuftoms in Scotland for the time being, or any three or more of them; and fuch commiflioners of the cuftoms in England and Scotland refpeeftively are hereby authorifed and impowered to grant fuch licences, and to take fuch proper bond or other Security as,they (hall rcfpecHvely deem neceffary, for the faithful and upright condudf, in every refpedt, of fuch perfon or perfeas. and the fervants by him or them from time to time employed in the behalf aforefaid, in fuch warehoufe or warehoufes.

LVIII. And be it further enadlcd, That in cafe any tebacta or fnuff (hall be faved from any (hip or veflel, being wreck, or being ftranded, or in diftrefs on the coaft of this kingdom, afl fuch tobacco (hall be forthwith depofited, lodged, and fecured in the Cuftom-hoUfe warehoufe neareft: to the plate tfhert tl|c

fame

Digitized by

Google

2789*] Anno vioefimo nono Georgii III. c. 68.	737

ameftull be found, and (hall beTubjed and liable to all and tom-houfe every the rules, conditions, regulations, reftridions, penalties warchoufc' and forfeitures in this ad mentioned and contained.

LIX. And be it further enaded, That all and every manu- Manufadur-fadurer and manufadurers of, and dealer and dealers in, tobacco crs *nd dc*1-or fnuff lhall, three days at the lead before be, (he, or they (hall ^ntry three6 begin to manufadure or fell any tobacco, tobacco dalks, Spanijb, days previous tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, fnufF work, tobacco (talk to their manu-fiour, or fnuff, make true and particular entry in writing of all ^hiring or houfes, warehoufcs, workhoufes, (bops, rooms, cellars, vaults, and other places, by him, her, or them refpedively intended to fnuff, of their be made ufe of for the manufaduring, keeping, or felling tobacco, warehoufes, tobacco (talks, Spanijb, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, &p-onpenalty fnuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or fnuff, at the office of excife forf^Jireof within the compafs or limits whereof fuch refpedive houfes, tobacco, kc$ warehoufes, workhoufes, (hops, rooms, cellars,-vaults, and, other places refpedively, (hall be fituate, on pain of forfeiting	;	-

the fum of two hundred pounds for every houfe, warehoufe, workhoufe, (hop, room, cellar, vault, or other place,.which he,

(he, or they (hall make ufe of for the manufaduring, keeping, or felling tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanijb, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, fnuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or fnuff, without having made fuch entry thereof as aforefaid, together with the tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanijb y tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, (huff work, tobacco (talk flour, and fnuff, refpedively, which (hall at any time be found therein, and alfo all the jeafles, veffcls, and packages whatfoever, containing the fame; and aH fuch tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanijb, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, fnuff work, tobacco (talk flour, fnuff, caflcs, veflels, and packages, (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife.

LX. And be it further enaded, That where any entry (hall Where entry be made by any manufadurer or manufadurers of, or dealer or jjjl dealers in, tobacco or fnuff, of any houfe, warehoufe, workhoufe, et^for ma/* (hop, room, cellar, vault, or other place, for the manufaduring, nufaduring keeping, or felling tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanijb, tobacco or felling to* ftaiks tor tobacco (talk flour, fnuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or frniff, no other entry (hall be made by any other manufadurer o^her^n'tiy or manufadurers of, or dealer or dealers in, tobacco or fnuff to be made of (not being in partner(hip with.fuch manufadurer or manufac- anyplace turers,or dealer or dealers, making fuch firft entry) of the fame, underthe or<of any other houfe, (hop, room, cellar, vault, or other place !amc ro° # whatsoever, for the manufaduring, keeping, or felling tobacco, tobacco, (talks, Spanijb, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, fnuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or fnuff, under the fame roof, or within the fame houfe or tenement, in which fuch firft entry (hail then be exifting; but every fuch manufadurer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, making fuch further entry of the (un^frh^ufe, or of any other fuch (hop, room, cellar, vault, or oth^ place, under the fame roof, or within the fame houfe or tenement, (hall, notwithstanding fuch further entry by him,

«	C	c	c 4	her*

t

Digitized by Google

738	Anno	vicefimo	nono Georgii IlL C 64c. £17%

her, or them made, be deemed and taken to be ajnMdbdtatv or msvHiia&urers of, or dealer or dealers In, tobacco m fcioff without entry, and fubjedt to the like penafoes and forfoituscs as mannfa&urers of and dealers in tobacco or fnuff without entry are lubjedt onto by virtue of this adh No entry of LXI. And be it further enadted. That no perlbn or perfaot any place for whatfoevcr, retiding within the limits of the chief office of euife ing tobacco] *n London* (hall manufacture any tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spmijb* etc. or fnuff, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, fnuff work, tobacco (talk vithin the flour, or fnuff, untefs foch perfon or perfons (hall occupy a limit* of the tenement or tenements of the yearly rent of ten pounds or tip-i^n London Cto war<*8> an<* f°r which he, (he, or they (hall accordingly be afc be valid, un- fefied in his, her, or their own name or names, and Ihall a% left made by pay to the pafiih rates; and that no perfon or perfons whatfcv an occupier CVer, redding in sny other part of the' kingdom oif Great Britm* rf lol^ywriv where there are rates to church and poor, (hall epenufadture any rent, nor ia Y tobacco, tobacco flalks, Spanijb, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk | any other flour, fnuff work, tobacco flalk flour, or fnuff, uniefs fuch per-place, unleft fon or petfons refpedively (hall be affefled and pay to chwefa ture^paMo" afK* P°°r» ®n	parifhes	and places in which fuch per-

the church	or perfons (hall re/jpedively refide; and that no entry of

and poor any houfe, wasehoufe, workhoufe, (hop, room, cellar, vault,or j rates.	other place for the manufa£hiring tobacco, tobacco (talks,

Spanijb, tobacco flalks for tobacco flalk dour, (huff work, to* bacco flalk flour, or fnuff, (hall be of any avail to any perfon or perfons not fo qualified, or for any longer time than the period or perfons fo making faefe entry Audi be qualified as afosefeid; and every perfon manufacturing tobacco, tobacco (talk#, Spmifb* tabacco flalks for tobacco flalk flour, fnuflF. work, tobacco ftaft flour, or fnuff, and not qualified asaforefiud, (hall, ootwiefc-Handing any entry by him, her, or them made, be deemed and taken to be a perfon manufacturing tobacco or fnuff without entry, within the meaning of this a£h Manufaftur- LXII. And be it further ena£ted. That all and every asm cr§ and deal- fafturcr and manufacturers of, and dealer and dealers in, fohaoea the word8 or ^all caufc t0 *>c Panted or written, in large legible herein men- characters, over the outer door, or in the front, or on tome con-tioned paint* fpicuous part of each and every houfe, warehoufo, workhoufe, ed oo their • (hop, room, cellar, vault, or other place, by him, her, or them penalty of rcfpe6tively made ufe of for the manufa^irhig, keeping, or

501..	1 felling tobacco, tobacco flalks, Spanijb* tobacco (talks for tobacco flalk flour, fnuff work, tobacco flalk flour, or fnuff, the words, ManufaSlurer of and Dealer in Tobeuca and 8ntff, or Taboo** at Snnff* or Manufafturcr of or Dealer in Tobsuo and &**ff? or fa* bacco, or Snuff* as the cafe may require, on pain of forflmsflgfcr every fuch houfe, ware houfe, workhoufe, (hop, room^ cellar, vault, or other place which (hall be fo made ufe of by any feck manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, whhaat having the faid words painted or written as is hereby directed, the (uni of fifty pounds, and it any JuXIII. And be it further ena&cd. That if taj perfon at l'£,futl Wh0	•	-	pcrfQM

Digitized by

Google

9.3' Anno vicefimooiwrOBOROiiill. c.68.	739

oon Whatfoever, other than fucb a* £haJl have, duly nude en- ha* not nude a* the proper office of excife of each and every,houfe, ware- en?rY (bull (c+ uvorkhoufe, (hop, room, cellar, vault, and other place, word* on hi* turn, her, or them refpedtively made ufe of for the manufac- houfe, he ng, keeping, or felling of tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spenijb, (hall forfeit icco (talks tor tobacco (talk flour, (huff work, tobacco (talk tool* 'tP* ir, and fnuff, or one of them, (hall paint or write, or caufe oe painted or written, over the outer door, or in the front, on any part of any houfe, warehoufe, workhoufe, (hop, m, cellar, vault, or place to him, her, or them belonging,

: fakl words, or any of them, all and every fuch perfon oc Tone refpedtively offending therein (hall, for each and every h offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, and (hall o be fubjedt to the fevecal penalties and forfeitures to which Tons manufacturing of or dealing in tobacco and fnuff, or her of them, without entry, are fubjected to by virtue of this t.

LfXIV. And be it further enadted, That no perfon or per- Perfon* mi. ns whatfoever (hall manufadurc, or caufe or procure to be nufaduriog annfadtured, out of the limit* of the chief office of excife in tndatt, any tobacco, tobacco (hdks, Spanijb, tobacco ftalks for any place out bacco ftalk flour, fnuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or fnuff, in of the limit* ty place or places whatfoever, other than and except cities and °Lthe cJ“ef it fuburha thereof, and market towns, and alfo except fuch ^Cfn°Loii-ace and places refpedtivdy as (hall be .more than five miles don, except iftant from any part of the fea coaft of Great	,	unlelii	in cities, etc,

ich .place or pdaccs (hall he * city or fuburbs thereof, or a to forfeit sol. lafhtt town within three miles of ibme port into which to-acco- may be imported under this adfc, and in which the manu-ldture of tobacco or fnuff (hall be carried on at the time of affine this adt; and if any perion or perfons whatfoever (hall nanwadture, or caufe or procure to be manufactured, out of he limits of the chief office of excife in London, any tobacco, obacco ftalks, Spanijb, tobacco flalks for tobacco ftalk flour, nuff work, tobacco ftalk flour, or (huff, in any place or places rhatfoever, other than and except cities fend the fuburbs there-»f, and market towns, and alfo except fuch place and places re-pcdbvely as (hall be more than five miles d iftant from any part >f the fea coaft of Great Britain, the perion or perfons to of-endiog (hall feverxllg and refpeftively, for each and every fuch jfifence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

LXV. Provided always. That no manufadturer or manu- but not to iadturera of tobacco or fnuft^ duly licenfed according to the di- extend to _ regions of this act, (hall incur or be liable to the faid penalty of fifty pounds for or by realon of his, her, or their manufadtur- u/ufedpriar ing, arcaufing or prbenring to be manufactured, any tobacco, to July 5, tobacco ftaUcs, tobacco ftalks for tobacco ftalk flour, fnuff work, 1789. tobacco ftalk flour, ur fnuff at any tobacco or fnuff manufactory, whereof due entry (ball be made at the office of excife, according to the directions of this adl, and which (hall have been ufed as a tobacco or fnuff manufactory refpedtively at any time on or before the fifth day of July one ttyoqfand feven hundred ancj ■

GoogRSh,y*

Digitized by '

74<*	Anno viceGmo nono Gborgii III. c. €9. [1785.

eighty-nine; any thing herein-before contained to thecootraq thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

1789 an ac- LXVI. And be it further enadted, That all and every count on oath nufadturer and manufadturers of, and dealer and dealers in, to-of the ftock bacco or fnuff (hall, on or before the thirtieth day of September of tobacco, 0ne thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, deliver or ode hw-ed at the t0 delivered, aPon oath, according to the beft of his, her, or excife office their knowledge and belief, at the office of excife within the of the diftriA, com pafs or limits whereof his, her, or their refpe&ive hooks, oopenaltyof warchoufcs, workhoufes, (hops, rooms, cellars,* vaults, sof forfeiture, other places by him, her, or them, made ufe of for the maos-fadhiring, keeping, or felling tobacco, tobacco ftalks, Spent, tobacco (talks for tobacco ftalk flour, fnuflF work, tobacco thk flour, or fnufF, refpedtively, (hall be fituate, a juft, true, ad particular account in writing of the weight of the fevendqoo* titles of tobacco, tobacco (talks, Sponifa tobacco ftalk flour, aad fnufF refpedtively, which (hall, on the laid thirtieth day oi September one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, be m his, her, or their cuftody or pofleffion, fpecifying in fuch ae* count how much thereof is unmanufactured tobacco, bm much thereof (hort cut tobacco, how much thereof (hag tobacco, how much thereof roll tobacco completely manufactured, boo much thereof carrot tobacco completely manufactured, boa much thereof tobacco (talks, how much thereof Spmnfc hoe much thereof returns of tobacco, how much thereof tobacco (talk flour, how much thereof Britijb rappee fnufF, how mad thereof Scotch fnufF, how much thereof brown Sutcb (naff, and how much thereof foreign fnufF, on pain of forint-ing, for eveiy negledt to deliver or caufe to be delivered fodi account, all fuch tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spamjk, tobacco flak flour, and fnufF refpedtively, whereof no fuch account fhatt k fo delivered, together with the hogfheads, calks, and packed refpedtively, containing the fame refpedtively; and fuch tobacco, tobacco (talks, Span\jb% tobacco ftalk flour, fnufF, hogfhca&, cafks, and packages refpe<5tive]y, (hall and may be feized by aey officer or officers of excife. and alfo of LXVII. And be it further enadted, That all and every an* tfCjS,antitiC§ nu^urcr an(l manufadturers of tobacco or fnufF (hall, oner rtc^wh«i0put before thc kid thirtieth day of September one thoufand fcvra in operation, hundred and eighty-nine, deliver or caufe to be delivered upon on like pe- oath, according to the beft of his, her, and their knowledge mi ••hf*	belief, at the office of excife within the compafs or Units

whereof his, her, or their refpedtive houfes, warchoufcs, work-houfes, (hops, rooms, cellars, vaults, and other places respectively by him, her, or them made ufe offer the manuf^tarag or keeping tobacco, tobacco ftalks, or fnufF work, in operation, (hall be fituate, a juft, true, and particular account in ertmof of the weight of the feveral quantities of tobacco when path operation (or (hort cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, roll tobacco, md carrot tobacco, refpedtively; of the weight of the feveral quantfeo pf tobacco ftalks, when put in operation for Spanijbund tobacco (talk flour refpedtively; *nd pf the weight of the feveral qu»n.

Digitized by Google

'89O Anno vicelitno noiio Georgii III. c. 68.

74i

ies of tobafeco, tobacco ftfclks, and returns of tobacco when it in operation for Briti/b rappee fnuff, Scotch fnuff, and brown rtib (huff, refpeClively, which (hall* on the faid thirtieth day SipUmbtr qnt thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, be in s, her, or their cuftody or pofleflion; and in fuch account all fpecify the number of his, her, or their rolls and carrots ' tobacco refpcCtively, on pain of forfeiting, for every negleCt refufal to deliver or caufe to be delivered fuch account, all the bacco, tobacco (talks, and fnuff work refpeCtively in opera* an in his, her, or their cuftody or pofleflion, and whereof no ch account (hall be delivered, together with the hogftieads, i(ks, and packages whatfbever, containing the fame refpec-/ely; and fuch tobacco, tobacco ftalks, and fnuff work, hogf-sads, calks, and packages refpeCtively, (hall and may be feized f any officer or officers of excife.

LX VIII. And be it further enaCted, That all tobacco, tobac- Tobacco, etc, ) ftalks, Spanijb, tobacco ftalks for tobacco ftalk flour, fnuff found on ork, tobacco ftalk flour, and fnuff, which (hall, on the faid lirtieth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and eighty- following, in ine, or within ten davs then next following, be found in jhe the pofleflion jftodv or pofleflion or any manufacturer or manufacturers of, of any manu-r dealer or dealers in, tobacco or fnuff, and for or in refpeCt ^iU7for thereof he, (he, or they (hall not have fufficient credit On the which’he ha* jftom-houfe books, or in default thereof (hall not make fuffi- not credit on ent proof, to the fatisfaCtion of the faid refpeCtive commiflioners the cuftom-f excife, that he, (he, or they bought the fame in the fair way f trade, from fome perfon or perfons who was or were openly c^ ctc^ a * nown and reputed to be a regular dealer or regular dealers in *

)bacco or fnuff, together with the hogfheads, cades, and pack-ges whatfoever, containing fuch tobacco, tobacco ftalks, Spanijb%

>bacco ftalks for tobacco ftalk flour, fnuff work, tobacco ftalk our, and fnuff refpeCtively, (hall be forfeited; and fuch tobacco,

Aacco ftalks, Spanijb, tobacco ftalks for tobacco ftalk flour, fnuff rork, tobacco ftalk flour, fnuff, hogftieads, calks, and packages :fpeCtively, (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of le cuftoms or excife.

LXIX. And be it further enaded, That all and every manu- Entry to be aCturer or manufacturers of tobacco or fnuff (hall, three days at ma<k at Ae raft before he, (he, or they (hall begin to manufacture any to- ^cof the acco, tobacco ftalks, Spanijb^ tobacco ftalks for tobacco ftalk diftriftofall bur, (huff work, tobacco ftalk flour, or fnuff, make true and mills, etc. 3 •articular entry in writing, at the office of excife withip the day* previous ompafs or limits whereof he, (he, or they (hall have, keep, or onUpenaltyCof, ife any mill, prefs, engine, roller, ftove, muller, or fpinning 50i; forCacb. rbed, for the performing any procefs, operation, matter, or hmg whatsoever, in or about the manufacturing tobacco, to-racco ftalks, Spanijb, tobacco ftalks for tobacco ftalk flour, fnuff vork, tobacco ftalk flour, or fquff, of each and every fuch mill,

»refs, engine, roller, ftove, muller* or fpinning wheel, for the performing any procefs,. operation, matter or thing, in or about he manufacturing of tobaoto, tobacco ftalks Spanijbtobacco

I	ftalks

74*

Manufacturers of tobacco or fnnff, or dealers therein,to take oat licences, which are to be granted as herein fpe-cifiecL

Anna viccfimo nono Georgii HL C*68»

ftalks for tobacco (talk flour, (huff work, tobacco folk floats fnuff, on pain of forfeiting the fum of fifty pounds far era fuch mil), prefs, engine, roller, ftove, muller, or fpinningofac^ which he, (he, or they (hall have, keep, or ufe for the perim-ing any procefs, operation, matter, or thing wbatfoerer, in or about the manufa&uring tobacco, tobacco ftalks, Spmfa tobacco ftalks for tobacco ftalk flour, fnuff work, tobacco fak flour, or fnuff.

LXX. And be it further enaded. That all and every pofe or perfons who (hall manufacture tobacco or fnuff, or deal a tobacco or fnuff, (hall, before he, (he, or they fhall manafafisi tobacco or fnuff or deal in tobacco or fnuff, takeout fuchlicoa and licences herein-after mentioned, as the cafe may rcqoar, authoring fuch perfon or perfons to manufa&ure tobacco ad fnuff, or to deal in tobacco and fnuff, as the cafe may requite, which licences refpeltively (hall be granted in manner bom-after mentioned $ (that is to (ay), if any fuch licence <haH be granted to authorife the perfon or perfons to whom the bm lhall be granted to manufacture tobacco and fhufl^ or todda tobacco aod fnuff within the limits of the chief office of act in Lentor, the fame (hall be granted under the hands aod fail of two or more of the commiffioners of excife in Engkdbite time being, or of fuch perfons as they the bid commiffioacna excife, or the major part of them for the time being, fluBfrw time to time appoint for that purpofe; but if any fechfetxt fhall be granted to authorife the perfon or perfons to whoa tk fame (hall be granted to manufacture tobacco and deal in tobacco and fnuff, in any pert of the kingdom of EifW out of the limits of the faid chief office, the fame fhall be pad under the refpeltive hands aod foals of the cplle&orsand vifors of excife within their refpeftive coUeftions and difiift; and in cafe any fuch licence fhall be granted to authorife tk perfon or perfons to whom the feme Bull be granted ao on failure tobacco and fnuff, of to dbal in tobacco and Cnafi^ aid* the limits of the city of Edinburgh* the fame fhall be mrt under the hands and feats of two or more of the axnmiaboi of excife in Scotland for the time being; or if any fuch beoff fhall be granted to authorife the perfba or perfons to wheotk feme (hall be granted to manufacture tobacco and (huff, ore deal in tobacco and fnuff, in any part of Scotland out of tk limits of the city of Edinburgh, then the feme fhall be grad under the refpe&ive hands and foals of the collectors aid it pervifors of excife in Scotland* within their refpoctive coUc&o and diftri&s; and fuch refpcCiive commiffioners o£ cxrifc, tf two or more of them refpeftivciy, and the perform*to heap* pointed by the faid commifftonera of excife in England* or or major part of them, and alfo all fuch collector* and feperkfa pre hereby refpeCtively authorised and required to grant fed licences to the perfons who (hall apply for the feme, on the f* fon or perfoos applying for the feme firft paying the fetoalfeB ©f money herein-after fpmncqqdj that fr to fey*

Digitized by v^ooQle

7 &9*] Anno vicefimb nono Georg 11 III. c. 68.	743

The fiunr of forty (hillings for each fuch licence which (hall Thedtitiesto t granted«previous to the tenth day of November one thoufand j?e Paic* for ven hundred and ninety, to authorife any perfon or perfons to licencc8* anufaCture tobacco and fnuff until tlve faid tenth day of No* mber one thoufand feven hundred and ninety:

The fum of forty (hillings for each and every fuch licence hich (hall be granted after the faid tenth day of November one oufand feven hundred and ninety, to authorife any perfon or ;rfons to manufacture tobacco and fnuff, if the tobacco and ufF work weighed by him, her, or them, for manufacture acting to the directions of this aCt, within the year ending the nth day of O&oker previous to his, her, or their taking out fuch :ence, (hall not have exceeded the quantity of twenty thou-* ad pounds weight:

The fum of three pounds Tor each fuch licence which (hall ? granted after the faid tenth day of November one thoufand /ea hundred and ninety, to authorife any perfon or perfons to anufa&ure tobacco and fnuff, if the tobacco and fnuff work sighed by him, her, or them, for manufacture according to e directions of this act, within the year ending the tenth day ,

Q&oter previous to his, her, or their taking out fuch licence, all have exceeded twenty thoufand pounds weight, and (hall

*	have exceeded thirty thoufand pounds weight:

The Aim of four pounds for each fuch licence which ihall be anted after the faid tenth day of November one thoufand feven treked and ninety, to authorife any perfon or perfons to itia-ifadure tobacco and fnuff, if the tobacco and fnuff work sighed by him, her, or them, for manufacture according to e directions of this aCt, within the year ending the tenth day Ofiobtr previous to his, her, or their taking out fuch licence, all have exceeded thirty thoufand pounds weight, and (hall

*	have exceeded forty thoufand pounds weight:

The fum of five pounds for each fuch licence which (hall be inted after the faid tenth day of November ant thoufand feveh tndied and ninety, to authorife any perfon or perfons to ma-faCture tobacco and fnuff, if the tobacco and fnuff work ighed by biin, her, or them, for manufacture according ter 5 directions of this aCt, within the year ending the tenth day Otfober previous to his, her, or their taking out fuch licence, ill have exceeded forty thoufand pounds weight, and (hail not tre exceeded fifty thoufand pounds weight:

Xhcfum of fix pounds for each fuch licence which (hall be mted after the faid tenth day of November one thoufand feven ndred and ninety, to authorife any perfon or perfons to tna-foCtore tobacco and fnuff, if the tobacco and fnuff work rghtd by him, her, or them, for manufacture according to ? dipedioos of this ad, within the year ending the tenth day G&oUr previous to hit, her, or their taking out fuch licence, rilvh*re exceeded fifty thoufand pounds weight, and (hall nor /w exceeded fixty thoufand pounds weight:

Tlie fum of feven pounds, for each fuch licence which (hall

ha

Digitized by v^-ooQle

Anno vicefimo nono Georgii HI. c. 68. [ify

be granted after the faid tenth day of Noveniber one fhoak* feven hundred and ninety, to authorife any petfon or perfoiH*: manufacture tobacco and fnuff, if the tobacco and fooff wri weighed by him, her, or them, for manufacture according t: the directions of this aCt, within the year ending the tenth d;i of Oftober previous to his, her, or their taking out fuch fiercer (hall have exceeded fixty thoufand pounds weight, and (hall nc have exceeded feventy thoufand pounds weight:

The fum of eight pounds for each fuch licence which fin" be granted after the faid tenth day of November one thootarJ feven hundred and ninety, to authorife any perfon or peribra s manufacture tobacco and fnuff, if the tobacco and fnuff weighed by him, her, or them, for manufacture accorfeg -o the directions of this aCt, within the year ending the tenth <by of Oflober previous to his, her, or their taking out fuch lict&t, (hall have exceeded feventy thoufand pounds weight, and da!) not have exceeded eighty thoufand pounds weight:

The fum of nine pounds for each fuch licence which (hi!* granted after the faid tenth day of November one thoufand be* hundred and ninety, to authorife any perfon or perfons roas-nufaCture tobacco and fnuflT, if the tobacco and feoff m weighed by him, her, or them, for manufacture according r. the directions of this ad, within the year ending the tenth &•' of Oftober previous to his, her, or their taking out fuch (hall have exceeded eighty thoufand pounds weight, and fe not have exceeded ninety thoufand pounds weight:

The fum of ten pounds for each fuch licence which feSt* granted after the faid tenth day of November one rhoufmdfbr hundred and ninety, to authorife any perfon or periont lots* nufaCture tobacco and fnuff, if the tobacco and feoff weighed by him, her, or them, for manufacture according the directions of this aCt, within the year ending the tenth a of Oflober previous to his, her, or their taking out fuch liter: (hall have exceeded ninety thoufand pounds weight, and (hi, not have exceeded one hundred thoufand pounds weight: The fum of twelve pounds for each fuch licence which fti be granted after the faid tenth day of November one thonfe feven hundred and ninety, to authorife any perfon or perfown manufacture tobacco and fnuff, if the tobacco and fnuff weighed by him, her, or them, for manufacture according the directions of this aCt, within the year ending the tenth u* of Oftober previous to his, her, or their taking out fuch liccnc:, (hall have exceeded one hundred thoufand pounds weight,!^ fhall not have exceeded one hundred and twenty thoufsoJ pounds weight:

The fum of fifteen pounds for each fuch licence which M be granted after the faid tenth day of November one tbocfcrJ feven hundred and ninety, to authorife any perfon or perfomto manufacture tobacco and fnuff, if the tobacco and fnuff weighed by him, her, or them, for manufacture according©, the directions of this aCt, within the year ending the tenth ta

789*3 Aqno vicefimo nono Georg 11 III. c. 68.	745

‘ Oflober previous to his, her, or their taking out fuch licence, tall have exceeded one hundred and twenty thoufand pounds eight, and (hall not have exceeded one hundred and fifty oufand pounds weight:

The fum of twenty pounds for each fuch licence which (hall ; granted after the faid tenth day of November one thoufand ven jiundred and ninety, to authorife any perfon or perfons to aniitadure tobacco and fnuff, if the tobacco and fnuff work eighed by him, her, or them, for manufadure according to e diredions of this ad, within the year ending the tenth day of Bober previous to his, her, or their taking out fuch licence, (hall ive exceeded one hundred and fifty thoufand pounds weight:

And the fum of five (hillings for each fuch licence to authorife m, her, or them to deal in tobacco and fnuff within the limits the chief office of excife in London, or within the limits of e city of Edinburgh; and the fum of two (hillings and (ixpence r each fuch licence to authorife the perfon or perfons to whom ie fame (hall be granted to deal in tobacco and fnuff in any her part of Great Britain, out of the faid refpedive limits.

LXXI. And be it further enabled, That the faid feveral fums To whom the ‘ money by this ad direded to be paid for fuch licences re- duties for H-edively (hall be paid for fuch refpedive licences to fuch per- ^nf^rc ns as are herein-after in that behalf refpedively mentioned; hat is to fay) fuch thereof as (hall be paid for licences which tall be granted to authorife any perfon or perfons to manu-dure toba^o and fnuff, or to deaf in tobacco and fnuff, within e limits of the chief office of excife in London, fhp.ll be paid at le chief office of excife in London i and fuch thereof as mall be tid for fuch licences which (hall be granted to authorife any rrfon or perfons to manufadure tobacco and (huff, or to deal 1 tobacco and fnuff, within the limits of the city of Edinburgh, tail be paid at the chief office of excife at Edinburgh; and fuch tereof as (hall be paid for fuch licences refpedively which (hall : granted to authorife any perfon or perfons to manufadure tbacco and fnuff, or to deal in tobacco and fnuff, in any part r Great Britain out of the faid refpedive limits, (hall be paid » the refpedive colledors of excife granting fuch refpedive :ence$.

LXXIT. And be it further enaded. That no perfon or perfons Licencesto till manufadure tobacco or fnuff, or deal in tobacco or bcrcncwcd iuff, after the expiration of twelve months from the time of ycarly* king out any fuch licence as aforefaid, unlefs fuch perfon or srfons (hall take out a fre(h licence, in the manner herein-before reded, ten days at lead before the expiration of twelve months om the time of taking out fuch former licence, and fo in like tanner from year to ye?r; and that if any perfon or perfons Penaltyonnot tall manufadure tobacco or fnuff without nrft taking out a taking out, or ccnce, and renewing the fame yearly, as herein-before in that no* renewing ehalf direded, he, (ne, or they (hall for each and every fuch llccncc8« (Fence forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds j and that if any

perfon

Digitized by

Google

dealers.

One licence

746	Anno vlcefimo nono Gfcoi&ilUL c/68.r fbytj.

perfon or perfons (hall deal in tobaoco orfbnfiy wkbom 4A taking out a licence, and renewing the fameyoariy, as when& before in that behalf directed, he, foe, or Otey (hall, fare*, and every fuch offence forfeit the font of fifty pounds. Mamifk&dr- LXXIII. Provided always. That no perfon or' perfons to wru>t felling whom any licence (hall be granted, according to the dbefotos left quantities °f th*8 »«, to authorilb him, her, or them to manofa&uft to-than elb.and bacco and fnuff, (hall be obliged to takeout any licence tarn-fnuff than thorifo him, her, or them to deal in tobacco and fntiff^ureter tak n*7V"°t of them, fo that foch perfon or perfons (hall not at toy tanekil 011 l" any tobacco id a lefs quantity than four pounds weight, or set fnuff in a left quantity than two pounds weight, any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in aeywifena-Withftanding.

LXXIV. Provided alfo, That perfons manufodhiriog tobies fufficicntfora ^ fouff, or dealing in tobacco or fnuff, in partoerfoip, tad a rachoufef10 one houfc or foopo>nly, (hall not be obliged to take ootasore than one licence in dny one year for manufaduring tobaomod Licences not fnuff, or for dealing in tobacco and fnuff; and tharno'flnei:< t^miuiufoc- ccnce which ** g«nted by virtue of this ad (hall aotk-luring tobtc- rife or fimpower any perfon or perfons to msnufa&arc tobac: co, etc. in	or fnuff, or to deal in tobacco or (huff, in any other hod:,

any other	warehoufc, work houfc, (hop, room, cellar, vault, or other phrt,

placethan	houfes,	warehoufc*, WQrkhoufes, (hops, wo®*,

Lily entered, cellars, vaults, or other places, whereof entry in writing fasti b: made at the office of excife, in the names of fuch perfon or perfons, according to the directions of this adt, at the ume « granting fuch licence.

No perfon to LXXV. Provided alfo. That nothing in tbit a&contaiaef **	(h*h cxtcn<** or he deemed or conflrucd to extend, to imkevr

file ofun* perfon or perfons liable to the faid penalty of fifty pounds for* manufactured by reafon of the (ale of unmanufactured tobacco, or for orb tobacco, or reafon of the (ale of any fnuff, whiHt foch tobacco or fnuff fal fouff, while ^ aJ1(j rema»n in the warehouse or warehoufes in which & intheJftnt’a ^ltnc (hall bedepofited, lodged, and fecured, according totk warehoufc; directions of this ad.

Tobacco	LXXVI.	Provided	alfo. That nothing herein contained flaT

folk*, etc. extend, or be doemed or conflrued to extend, to make a’ «vbemaMi. Spamjb cutter or fnuff miller liable to the faid penalty of tv: any entered hundred pounds for or by reafon of fuch Spam/h cutter's mass mills, on ac- fa&uring any tobacco (talks ioto Sparrijb, or tor or by restate; count of other foch fnuff miller’s grinding any tobacco (talks for tobaccafhk ,ICfnAC<ima‘ flour *nt0 tobacco (talk flour, or any fnuff work into faff, who haw le- Provi<kd foch tobacco (talks, tobacco (talks for tobaoco dak gaily receive^ flour, and fnuff work refpe&ivdy, fo refpeftively mamifadwcd fuch tobacco and ground, (haH be fo manufactured and ground at legal entered mills, for or on account of any other mamifadturcr of o bacco or fnuff, duly Hcenfcd according to the dtre&ions of tbs aft, and provided fuch tobaceo (talks, tobacco (talks for tatatf (talk flour, and fnuff work refpefiively, (hall havn been fay received by foch &pcmijb cutter or fnuff miller rcfpc&itdy, h

. - % .

faHss, etc.

74 7

Artnd viieflmo noho Georgii'III. c. 68.

fcgal permit from fuch other manufacturer or itoanufadhireft, for the foie purpofc of manufacturing or grinding the fame as afbreftid; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithltanding.

LXXVII. And be it farther enabled, That alt and every Notices as manufacturer and manufacturers of tobacco (hall, before he,

(he, or they (hall begin to (trip or to fpin any tobacco, or to theexcifc,VC prefs any tobacco for cutting, or to make any tobacco into officer before carrots, or to flatten any tobacco (talks for Spanijb, give to the anjr mam*-officer of excife under whofe furvey he, (he, or they (hall then ^«urer be-be, fix hours notice in writing, if his, her, or their premifes, ift |tc!t<5»oco! which fuch tobacco is intended to be (tripped, fpun, prefled, or made into carrots, or tobacco (talks are intended to be flattened for Spanijb, (hall be fituate within the limits of the chief office of excife in London, or within the limits of the city of Edinburgb\ twelve hours notice in writing, if fuch premifes (hall be fituate many city, or the fuburbs thereof, or in any market town; and twenty*four hours notice in writing, if fach premifes (hall be fituate in any other part of Gnat Britain, of his, her, or their intention fo to do; and in each and every fuch notice for (trip*

a; tobacco, (hall fpecify the weight or all fuch tobacco in* ed to be (tripped; and in each and every fuch notice fot fpioning, prefling, or making into carrots, (hall fpecify thfe feveral weights of the tobacco, tobacco (talks, and returns of tobacco refpe&ively, fo intended to be prefled, fpun, or made into carrots; and in each and every fuch notice for flattening tobacco (talks for Spanijb, (hall fpecify the weight of all fuch tobacco (talks fo intended to be flattened; and in each and every of the afbrefaid notices (hall, as the cafe may require,

(pecify the hour and time when he, (he, or they (hall intend to begin fo to (trip, fpin, prefs, or make into carrots, any fuch tobacco, or to flatten any fuch tobacco (talks for Spanijb; and Officer fast* the proper officer of eftcife (hall attend purfuant to any fuch tcnda$ree*blc notice, and fuch manufacturer or manufacturers dial I, lmrtie-diately on fuch officer’s attendance, or within one hour after the J>ncc the to^ time fpecified in any fuch notice, begin to weigh, feparate and bacco', etc. is apalrt from each other, in the prefence of fuch officer, all fuch tobeweighed* tobacco, tobacco (talks, and returns of tobacCo refpedtively, fo intended to be prefled, fpun, or made into carrots, arid alfb all fuch tobacco (talks fo intended to be flattened, and (hall proceed in and continue each and every fuch weighihg until all fuch tobacco, tobacco (talks, and returns of tobacco, fpecified in any fuch notice, (hall be fo weighed; and fu£h manufacturer oi* manufacturers (hall alfo, fo (bon as fuch tobacco, tobacco (talks* and returns of tobacco refpeCtively, fpecified in any fuch notice*

(haH be fo weighed, deliver to fuch officer a declaration in writing, fpecifying how much of fuch tobacco, and returns of *nd to whom, tobacco rcfpe&ively, is or are intended to be manufactured into ? ^cJ^at.lv®" fhort cut tobacco, how much thereof refpeCHvely into fhag rpecifyttfg? tobacco* and how much of fuch tobacco, tobacco (talks, and quantity in-retums of tobacco rcfpe&ivelV, is or are intended to be made tejided to be Yoi. XXXVI.	Ddd	into	ufc<J for cash

-74&

fort of 13 bacco.

Anna vicefimo nono Georgia I1L c. 6 k	[1789.

into roll and carrot tobacco rdjpedively; and all and ewcry fuch 'manufacturer and manufadurers (lull, without delay or iotct-'ruption, after fuch tobacco, tobacco (talks, or returns oftobacoo, (hall have been fo weighed, manufacture the fame refpcdivdy into (hort cut tobacco,.(hag tobacco, roll tobacco, or carrot tobacco, according to fuch declaration, and alfo maoufadurc into Sponijb all fuch tobacco folks’, according to fuch notice; and i: any manufacturer or manufadurers of tobacco (hall begin to drip or to fpin any tobacco, or to prefs any tobacco for cutting, or to make any tobacco into carrots, jor to flatten any tobacco ,	'	fialks for Span^/k, without giving fuch notfee as is in that btha*

"	•	herein-before	direded	to	be	given,	or	having given any fob

notice, and begun to weigh any fuch tobacco or tobacco AaUu in purfuance thereof, (hall neglcd or refafe to proceed inor continue any fuch weighing, in manner herein-before direfod, ‘or (hall not, fo foon as any fuch tobacco, tobacco folks, or returns of tobacco refpediveiy, fpecifled in any fuch notice* foil be fo weighed, deliver to fuch officer fuch declaration as laid, or (hall, after any fuch tobacco, tobacco folks, or setiyiv of tobacco, (hall have been weighed, negled or refufe to Tadure the fame refpediveiy into (hort cut tobacco, (hag tabasco, roll tobacco, or carrot tobacco, according to fuch dccfcnfo in manner herein-befbre diredqd, or (hall neglcd or reflet to manufadure into Spanijk any fuch tobacco flalks, according to fuch notice, in manner herein-beforc direded, all and cwy Penalty of ioh fuch manufadurer or manufadurers (o offending (hall, for tad for tiegled, and every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds bat not to be LXXVIII. Provided always neverthclefs. That no.fuch i"currcd ,f nufadurcr or manufadurers (hall incur or be liable to the bd afur°dcclara- Penahy of twenty pounds, for or by teafon of not preflihg dor tion, appears cutting, or not (pinning or making into carrots,, any tobacco, to be unfit for according to fuch declaration, in cafe fuch tobacco (ball, ofm niaking car* further examination, after tire delivery of fuch declaration, ap pear to be unfit to be fo prefled, fpun, or made into carrots, ao cording to fuch declaration, and notice thereof in writing, if* cifying the weight of fuch tobacco, (hall be given by fuch maott* fadurer or manufadurers to the officer of excifc under whole furvey he, (he, or they (hall then be, within Cony-eight horn next after the delivery of fuch declaration, and in cafe fuch na* nufadurer or manufadurers (hall alfo, within that time, in hkt manner deliver to fuch officer a frefli declaration in rofpect thereof, fpecifying into which of the forts of tobacco heg» before mentioned the fame is to be manu£adured,.and (bailale proceed in like manner to prefs for cutting, to fpin* or makx into carrots, all fuch tobacco, according to fuch laft-mcqtiefo declaration; any thing herein-beforc contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

LXXIX. Provided alfo. That no fuch manufadurer or nufadurers of tobacco, being alio a manufadurer or mamfo* turers of fnuff, duly licenfed according to the directions of fo ad, (hall incur or bf liab/e to the faid penalty of twenty pofo

. .to

rots, &c.

Manufacturers.both of tobacco and fnuff not liable to the

Digitized by

Google

J AnnO Vtfefimo nono Georgii !TI. C. 68.	749-

for or by rctforr of not dripping, or not pfefling for cutting, or aforefaid pend* (pinning or making into carrots, any tobacco according to ^acco ^fter fuch declaration, in cafe fuch tobacco (hall, upon further cx> declaration, atnirtatiOn after the delivery* of fuch declaration, appear to bd appears to be unfit to be fo (tripped, prefled, tyun, or made into carrots, ac- J}t only for cording to fuch declaration, and (hall be fit only for the purpofe work, of being laid down in fnuff work, and notice thereof in writing, fpecifying the weight of fuch tobacco, (hall be given by fuch manufacturer or manufacturers to the officer of excife under whofe furvey he, (he, or they (hall then be, within forty-eight hours next after the delivery of fuch declaration; and in cafe fuch manufacturer or manufacturers (hall alfo within that time, in like manner, deliver to fuch officer a frefh declaration in refoeCt thefeof, fpecifying inro what fort of fnuff work the fame is to be laid down, (that is fo fay), whether the fame is to be hid down in (huff work for rappee fnuff, fnuff work for Scotch fnuff, or (huff work for brown Scotch (huff, and (hall alfo proceed to lay down the fame into fuch particular fort of fnuff work, according to fuch lad mentioned declaration; any thing liereiti-tfcfofe contained to the contrary thereof in anywife not-wfthfttfttding.

LXXX. And be it further enaCted, That when any manu- Declaration faCterifr or manufacturers of tobacco (hall have finifhed the ma- cxchc officer nufaCttirlng any tobacco into fhort cut tobacco or (hag tobacco, Qf the weight or (haHliavC finifhed the manufacturing any tobacco (talks into of the differ-Spanijb, fuch mafrillfaCtufor or manufacturers (hall, when and ent forts of fo feon as any fuch tobacco or tobacco (talks'refpeCtively (hall foon^manu-be completely manufactured, deliver, or caufc to be delivered, faaured into-to th< officer of eXcife, under whofe furvey, he, (he, or they fhort cut, &c. (hall then be, a declaration in writing, fpecifying the weight which are to of ttte fhort cur tobacco, (hag tobacco, and Spanijh, refpeCtivcIy J^te for *4Pa* manufactured from fuch tobacco and tobacco (talks refpeCtively, hours, or till and alfo the weight of the returns and tobacco (talks refpeCtively an account be arifing from fuch (hort cut tobacco and (hag tobacco refpec- taken, on pe-tivety, in the manufacturing of fuch (hort cut tobacco and nalty s° * (hag tobacco refpeCtively, and fuch manufacturer or manufacturers (hall keep aH fuch fhort cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanijh, and returns of tobacco refpeCtively, fepa-rate and apart from each other, and (eparare and apart from all other tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spani/b> and returns of tobacco refpeCtively, for and during the (pace of twenty-four hours, from the time when fuch manufacturing (hall be fimfhed, or until fuch officer (hall have taken an account of the fame re-(pefti^tly, on pain of forfeiting for every negleCt or refufal thereof rhe fum of fifty pounds.

LXXXI. And be it further enaCted, That when any manu- A like dec!** fa&urfcr or manufacturers of tobacco, (hall have finifhed the givenVAo-ttfsftirtg inro rolls or carrots any tobacco, fuch manufacturer or lacco made llitmufaCHijrejrs (half, when and fo fodn as'any fuph making (hall, into rolls or bhfinifhed, deliver or caufe to be delivered to the officer of ex- carrots, -ciYC under whofe furvey, he, (he, or they (hall then be, a'rieda- Pc*

^ ^ ^D^itized by	Dgle wtion

and alfo of rolls or carrots, prefled, cured,and finifhed, &c.

Anno vicefuno npno GeoRCH III. c^68. • {13-89,

ration in writing, fpecifying the number of the rolls- and worn refpe&ivelv fo made, and the weight of the tobacco (talk** returns or tobacco refpedlively, arifing from fuch rolls and or-rots refpecfiively, in the manufacturing thereof refpedivdy \ mi fuch manufacturer or manufacturers (ball keep all fuch Tofts, carrots, tobacco (talks, and returns refpeCtively, fepsrate sad apart from all other rolls, carrots, tobacco (talks, and retumof tobacco refpeCtively, for and during the fpace of twenty-few hours, from the time when fuch making (hall be finithed, or until fuch officer (hall have taken an account of the famerefpeo tively, on pain of forfeiting for every negleCt or refufri thereof the lum of fifty pounds.

LXXXII. And be it further enaCted, That when any moo-faClurer or manufaClurers of tobacco (hall have prefled, cured, and finifiied any rolls or carrots of tobacco, fuch manufacturer or manufacturers (hall, when and fo loon as the fame (hail be fo preffed, cured, and finidied, deliver or caufe to be delivered to the officer of excife under whofe Purvey he, (he, or they (hail then be, a declaration in writing, fpecifying the number of fuch rolls afid carrots refpeCtively, and alfo the weight-of fuch rolli and carrots refpeCtively;1 and fuch manufacturer and manufac-turers (hall keep all fuch rolls and carrots refpeCtively fepsose and apart from all other rolls and carrots of tobacco, for and during the fpace of twenty-four hours from the time wheptk fhme (hall be firft prefTed, cured, and finifhed, or until fiichofficer (hall have taken an account of the fame, on pain of forfeiting, for evciy negleCt or refufal thereof, the focn of fin pounds.

LXXX1II. And be it further enaCted, That no mandat-turer or manufacturers of tobacco (hall make, manufacture, « have in his, her, or tiieir cufiody df pofleflion, any roll tobate tobacco (talks or carrot tobacco for exportation, with arty tobacco (talks there* therein, it in ; and if any manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco (Ui tnafbefcized, make, manufacture, or have in his, her, or their caftodycc abd the ma- p0(re{fion, any roll tobacco or carrot tobacco for exportation, with any tobacco (talks therein, the fame refpeCtively Ihatl be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife; and fuch manufacturer or mandk-turers who (hall fo make, manufacture, 6r have in Ms, her, c: their cufiody or pofleffion any fuch roll tobacco or carrot tobacco for exportation with any tobacco (talks therein, ftudl, fe each and every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds LXXXIV. And be it further enaCted, That no perfoftcc perfons whatfoever (hall cut, or caufe or procure to be cut, at' etcC inTmita- wa^nut trcc leaves, hop leaves, fycamore leaves, or any <*te tion of to- * leaves, herbs, or plants whatfoever (not being tobacco leaves, cr bacco, etc. plants) into the form Or in imitation of any of theufual iiees x on penalty of cuts which tobacco has been or (ball be cut into, or

thereofFand co,olir> ^a’n> ^ye, or curc» or caufe or Procure to be'cdtoure^ »so). * fiained, dyed, ot cured, any walnut trie leaves, hop leaacesy jy-camore leaves, or other leaves, herbs, or plants, to referable to*

^ i	baccrs

Digitized t>y vjOO^IC

If rol) or carrot tobacco for exportation has anv

nufa&tirer (hall forfeit jol.

No perfon to cut walnut tree leaves.

789*3 Anno vicefimo nono Georgii III. c,	75*

•ftScSs ir (hall (nix, or caufe or procure to be mixed, any wal-iut -.tree leaves, hop leaves, fycamore leaves, or any other eavep* hetbs or plants whatfoever, with tobacco, or (hall fell, tod, setter, offer, or expofe to fale, or (lull have in his, her, or 1wic coftody or poffeffion, any walnut tree leaves, hop leaves,

'yttamdre leaves, or any other leaves, herbs, or plants whatfo-jver (not being tobacco leaves or plants) cut into the form or m imitation of any of the ufual fizts or curs which tobacco has been or (hall be cut into, or any walnut tree leaves, hop leaves, fycamore leaves, (or other leaves, herbs, or plants whatfoever, coloured, (tamed, dyed, or cured, to refemble tobacco, or any tvalntat tree leaves, hop leaves, fycamore leaves, or any other leaves, herbs, or plants, mixed with tobacco ; and if any per-fon.er perfons whatfoever (hall cut, or caufe or procure to bo tot, any1 walnut tree leaves, hop leaves, fycamore leaves, or any otter leaves, herbs, or plants whatfoever (not being tobacco - • kafecfl or plants) into the form or in imitation of any of the ufual fiaes or cuts which tobacco has been or (hall be cut into, orihall colour, (lain, dye, or cure, or caufe or procure to be coloured, ftained, dyed, or cured, any walnut tree leaves, hop teaves, fycamore leaves, or other leaves, herbs, or plants, to re-fembic tobacco, or (hall mix, or caufe or procure to be mixed, any walnut tree leaves, hop leaves, fycamore leaves, or any .other leaves, herbs, or plants whatfoever, with tobacco, or (hall	^...

fell, vend, utter, offer or expofe to fale, or (hall have in his, her, dr their cuftody or pofleffion, any walnut tree leaves, hop	... t

leaves, .fycamore leaves, or any other leaves, herbs, or plants whatfoever (not being tobacco leaved or plants) cut into the form or in imitation of any of the ufual fixes or cuts which tobacco has been or (halt be cut into, or any walnut tree leaves, hop leaves, fy capo ore leaves, or other leaves, herbs, or plants whatfoever, coloured, ftained, dyed, or cured to refemble tobacco^ dr any walnut tree leaves, hop leaves, fycamore leaves, or any other leaves, herbs, or plants mixed with tobacco; all and every fuch perfon or perfons refpedively (hall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds; and all fuch walnut trees leaves, hop leaves, fycamore leaves, or other leaves, herbs, or plants whatfoever (not being tobacco leaves or plants) which (hall be fa cut, coloured, ftained, dyed, cured, mixed, fold, vended, uttered, offered or expofed to (ale, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, and all fuch tobacco with which any walnut tree leaves, hop leaves, fyca-tnore leaves, or other leaves, herbs, or plants, (hall be mixed, together with the hog(heads, cades, chefts, cafes, and packages whatfoever, containing the fame, (hall be forfeited; and all fuch walnut tree leaves, hop leaves, fycamore leaves, and other leaves, herbs, or plants, tobacco, hogfheads, cafks, chefts, cafes,

' and packages refpetfively, (hall and may be feized by any of-sfltcr or officers of the cuftoms or excife. ,

LXXXV. Provided always. That nothing herein-before con- Manufraur-ttmcd fhaU extend, or be deemed or conftrucd to extend, to ers mtj keep D dd 3	pro-	andufcdjc

Digitized by

Google

fnuff work, etc. and to place them fo as to be eafily examined by the excite officer;

752	fano	vicefuno none Georgii II(. c. 6& £1789,

for framing	prohibit any manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco from

tobacco.	dying or ftafoing, with any liquid dye or (lain, any tobacco ma-

nufacturing or manufactured intp (hort cut tobacco, flttg tobacco, roil tobacco, or carrot tobacco, or any tobacco (talks manufadturing or manufactured into tpanijt^ or from hmog fuch liquid dye or ftain in his, her, or their cuftody or pofe-(ion, for the purpofe of ftaining or dying fuch tobacco or tobacco (talks, fo manufa&uring or manufactured \ any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywUe not* wlthftanding.

Snsffmanu- LXXXVI. And be it further enadted, That all and every ta^cfr8caflLs manufa<^urcr and naanufaQurers of fnuff (ball, at bis, her, and for prcpSiog l^clT own cxPence> find and provide prbper moveable caifcs for - -	preparing	or laying down fnuff work and tobacco (talks for to-

bacco (talk flour rcfpedlively, as he, (he, or they (hall lay down in calks; and (hall alfo, at his, her, and their own expeoce, find and provide proper moveable calks for putting into the fame, in manner herein-after diredted, fuch fi>uff work and Uh bacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour refpedtiveiy as he, (he* or they (hall lay down in any bin or bins; and fuch rnanufa&uref or imnufadturers (hall fo conftrudt, place, and keep xllcafkiby him, her, or them ma^f ufe of for either of the pqrpp&s afore* (aid, in fuch a manqer as that the officer or officers of exeiIf pnay conveniently be enabler! to examine and weigh the fame, and to mark and to examine'the contents thereof, at all times; and (had them, on alfo, from time to time, diftindlly mark each and every caft by penalty o 501. jjer> Qr thcm foreither of the purpofes aforefaid, o>

<	jth? nioil confpicubus part thereof, with a progreffive number,

and alfo with the exa<§ jare and weight of each and every iudi cafk; and (hall not lay down any fnuff vyork, or pur any (naff Vork which he, Ihe, or they (lull lay down in any bin or bir>^ in any ca(k or cafks not lo marked as aforefoid, nor (hall hj down any fnuff work in any veffel, ca(k> or pten (i I wfartocw, except in a calk or in calks (b marked as afoxefaid, or in atya or bins, on pain of forfeiting for every fuch offence the (foaof fifty pounds.

LXXXVII.And he it further enadM,TM alLand every mi* to give notice nufadturer and manufadlurcrs of fnuff (had, before he, (he,orthcjr totheexcife (hall begin to }iqu6r, damp, ftrip, prefs, at cut any tobacoo or officer before tobacco ftalks, or to lay down any fnuff work, or tobacco (talks liquor to^ t0 ^or l°bacco folk flour, give to the officer of excife, under wbefc bacco, etc. furvey be, (he, or they (hall then be, fix ftpqrs notice in and to follow if his, her, or their premifes, in which fuph tobacco or lofecw the directions ftalks is or are intended to bo liquored, damped, dripped, prefab*11 fPCCl" or c4r» or	wor^	or tobacco ftalks is or are ia-

9	.tended	to be laid down, (ha!! be fituate within the limits of the

chief office of excife in London^ or within the limits pf the city of Edinburgh; twelve hours notice in writing, if fuch premifes (hail be fituate in arty city, or the fuburbs thereof, or m any market town ; and twenty-four hours notice in writing, if fuch premifes (foil be fituate fo any other part of Gw* Btkw%«

his,

Digitized by Google

7$9jvi AnrioVicefimo nono Georgii III. c. 68.^

tsi

S^ ^er, or their intention to liquor, damp, drip, prefej-'or cut to^t'tobacco or tobacco ftalks, or to lay down any draff work , .

C Jtfcbacco italics, and in each and every fuch notice (hall Ipecify ^.particular hour and time when he, Ihey or they fhall intend a'WSgin to liquor, damp, drip, prefs, or cut fuch tobacco or abctcco dalles, or to lay down any fnuff work or tobacco (talks or tobacco dalk flour, and the weight of fuch tobacco and to-	■

iap£0 ftalks refpedtively (& intended to be liquored, damped, -tripped, prefled, or cut, and the feveral weights of the tobacco, qbacco ftalks, and returns of tobacco, fo intended to belaid in fuch friuff work, and alfo the weight of the tobacco Ifjjyjes fo inrended to be laid down for tobacco (talk flour, and &£ number of the particular cafk or cafks, or the particular ttyt), in which the, fame refpe&ively are intended to be laid and fuch officer (hall attend purfuant to fuch notice; a$d all and evtry manufacturer and manufacturers giving any fa$h notice for liquoririg, damping, dripping, prcffrrlg, dr catting, tobacco or tobacco dalks, (hall, immediately on fuch offi^ ccr*$ attendance, or within one hour after the time fpecififcd in fych notice, begin to weigh all fuch tobacco and tobacco ftalks refpedtively, feparate and apart from each other in the prefence <^f'lbch officer, and (hall alfo, without delay dr interruption* proceed in and continue weighing the fame, feparate and apart trpih each other, in the prefence of fuch officer, until all fiicb totoacco and tobacco dalks refpedUvely (hall be feverally and fe-paratcly weighed ; and fhall, immediately after the fame refpec-^vply fhall have been weighed* deliver to fuch officer a de-claration in writing, ffcecify.ing how much of fuch tobacco, to- .

5apco dalks, and returns, refpe&ively, fo intended to be fa?A own Jn fnuff work,’ is or are intended to be made into rappee fopff, how much thereof refpedfively into Scotch fnttff*. how much thereof refpedlively into brown Scotch fnuff,1 and how much of fuch tobacco dalks into tobacco (talk flour; and when am} fo foon as fuch fnhff work, dr tobacco dalks, as the cafe may be, fhall be laid down in or put into calks, fuch tnanufac- as alfo when _ turer or manufactures (hall give to the officer of excife under the fnuff whofe furvey he, (he* or they fhall then be, a notice in writing Hiiddown * of fuch fnuff work, or tobacco Aalks, being fo laid down in, or Calk, put ihto cafks, as the cafe may be, specifying in fuch notice the t2he when, (uCh fnuff Work, or tobacco ftalks for tobacdo ftalk flour, as the cafe may be, was or were fo laid'down, and fuch officerxlhall attend purfuant to fuch notice; and fuch manufacturer or manufacturers fhall, immediately on fuch officer’s attend-ance, in the prefence of fuch officer, affix to each and every fuch calk a tickct, ;f^ecifying the number of ftich cafk, Yhe weight of the fnuff" work or tobacco ftalks fof tobacdo ftalk Sour, as the cafe may be, therein, and the time when fuch fnuff wjork or tobacco ftalks for tobacco ftalk flour, ‘was or were fo Jaid down; alfo whether fuch fnuff work fo intended to be manufactured into rappee fnuff, Scotch fnuff, or brown Scotch fnuff; which ticket fhall be figned as well by fuch ma-

D d-d 4 - *	nufadturec

in

Digitized by

Google



and when any fnuff work, etc. U intended to be taken out of the talk to be gropnc).

Snuff work ol one making not to be mixed with another making.

Manufaflnr-era beginning to liquor tobacco, etc. Without giv-

Anr\o yicrftnb nono GborOuIIL a€8«;r

Dpfaftprcror manufacturers, or bis, her, or their fenraac, in thatJ>«half, with his, her, or their naqpe or names, gv by fetch officer with his name* and when any fuch manufacturer or manufacturers (hall intend to take any friuff work or tobacco {talks for tobacco (talk flour from or out of any fucb cades, for thc purpose of grinding the . fame, he, (he, or they (hall give to the officer of exci/e under whofe furvey, he, (be, or they (hall then be, dx hours noticein writing, if fuch fnuff work, or tobacco ftalks for tpbacco (talk flour, (hall be laid down within the limits of the chief office of excifc in Londan* or within the limits pf the.city of Edinburgh \ twelve hours notice in writing, if fetch fnuff work, or tobacco (talks for tobacco (lalk flour,, (half be laid down in any city or the fuburbs thereof, or in any market town; and twenty-four hours notice in writing, if fuch fnuff work, or tobacco flalks for tobacco (talk flour, Audi: be laid down in any other part of Great Britain, of his, her* or their intention fo to do ; and in fuch notice, (hallfyecify the particular c*(k or calks, and the number or numbers thereof rcfpec* lively, from or out of which fuch fnuff work, or tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, is or are intended fo to be taken, and {hall alio fpecify in every fuch notice, whether fuch (hiaff work fo intended to be taken from or opt of each fuch calk is by him, her, pr them iotended to be made into rappee fnuff, Seettb fnuff, or brown Seeieb fnuff; and fuch officer (Tull attend, purr fuant to every fuch notice.; and fuch mamifa&urtr or manufacturers (hall immediately,.on fuch officer’s attendance, weigh, in the prefence of (belt officer, all fuch (huff .work, or tobacco ftalks for tobacco ftalkflour, fpecifted in any fuch.notice; aod if the fnuff work, or tobacco ftalks foe tobacco ftalk flour, fo taken out, (hall be t'akkn from and out of any calk in which there (hall be (huff work,or tobacco ftalks for tobacco ftalk flour remaining, fuch manufacturer or manufa&urer* (hall immediately slier fuch fauff .work or tobacco flalks for tobacco ftaik flopr (ball be fo, taken out, affix a ticket, figned by fuch mama? faflurer or manufaAugers,, or his, her, or their fervaat, in that behalf, and by fuch officer, to every fuch cafk, fpccitying.the weight pf the fnuff work, or tobacco flalks, as the cafe may require, fo then taken from or out of the fame, and the time when the fame was Qr were fo taken out, and fuch manufacturer or maqufatf urers (hall caufe all and every fuch tickets re-fpe£tive|y to be kept and continued on each fuch cmfk to which the fame (half be fo affixed, during all the time that any fnuff work pr tobaepo ftalks for tobacco ftalk flour (hall remain therein; and no maruifa&urer or manufacturers of fnuff (hall mix, fningle, lay together, or put into the lame bin or caflt, any fpuff work or tobacco flalks for tobacco fialk flour o£ one making or laving dpwn with fnuff work or tobacco flalks for tobacco ftalk flour of any other making or laying down: and if any manufadurer or manufacturers of,(buff £ha!l begin to hr quor, damp, ftrip, prefs, or. cut any tobacco or tobacoo flalks, or to lay down any. fnuff work, or any Jobacco .ftalks for in* feacco flafk flour, without giying fuch notice as is in that behalf

bereiq'i

Digitized by t^ooQle

k'Jv > Annovks^mo 'hono Gsoboii 111; tt. 69i s

n -Jtefiore'dhreAed to be given, or having given anyr.otfefclafc iqdov'rhg, damping, dripping, prefling or catting tobacco'or «**• com (talks, and begun to weigh any fuch tobacco or tobacco *QL a^ lhall neglect or refufe to proceed in or continue th6 ;hiag loch tobacco or tobacco (talks in manner hereio-be* directed, or if any manufacturer or manufafturcrs of fnuff, ng given any notice for laying down tobacco, tobacco (talks* :turos of tobacco, in fnuff work, or tobacco (talks for loro ftalk flour, and begun to weigh fuch tobacco, tobacco * ts, or returns of tobacco, (hall negleA or refufe to orocecd in ; continue the weighingof fiich tobacco, tobacco (talks, and * irnsTof tobacco, in manner heretn-before in that behalf'di-:cdy ot having weighed any fuch tobacco, tobacco (talks, or ftns of tobacco, according to the directions of this aCt, (hall ;11& or refofe to deliver to the officer fuch declaration, fpeci-ig how much of fuch tobacco,t tobacco (talks, and returns of n aooo refpedtively, (b intended to be laid down in fnuff work* or are intended to be made into rappee fnuff, how much 1 Tcaf refpedively into Scotch fnuff, and how much thereof relatively into brown Scotch fnuff, or a declaration fpecifyirtg : w much of fuch tobacco (talks are intended to be laid down * tobacco (talk.flour, according to the directions of this aCt* hawing laicl down,or put into cafk any fnuff work or tobacco Iks for tobacco (talk floor, in manner herein-before in that: half directed, (hall negleft or refufe to give to the officer of rife, under whofe furvey he, (he, or they, (hall then be, fuch rticeiti writing of fuch fnuff work or tobacco (talks for tobacco^ ifk flour being fo laid down or put into calk, in manner herein-ifofc in that behalf directed, or having laid down or put into 1 ifld any fuch fnuff work or tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk our, and given fach notice, (hall negleCt or refufe to affix to ly fuch cafk, fuch ticket as is in that behalf heretn-before di« :6ted to be affixed, or to fign the fame with his, her, or their ^ ame or names, or (hall lay down any fnuff work, or tobacco • alks for tobacco (talk flour, or (hall take any fnuff work, or to- 1 acco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, from or out of any fuch afk, for the purpofe of grinding, without giving fuch notice as > herein-beforein fuch cafe directed to be given, or (hall take, " or the purpofe of grinding, any fnuff work, or tobacco (talks or tobacco (talk flour, out of cafk, not in the prefence of the } jffioer under whofe furvey he, (he, or they (haH then be, *or hall neglefi or refufe to weigh, in the prefence of fuch officer, 1 iny fuch (huff work, or tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour taken out of ca(k, purfuant to any notice given for taking fnuff worfcy or tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, out of calk, or ^ (hail negledt or refufe to affix to any fuch ca(k, from or out of which aoy fnuff work or tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour (hall have been fo taken, fuch ticket as isin that behalf herein-before directed to be affixed, or to flgn any fuch ticket as afore* laid, or (hall negleri or refufe to caufe any fuch ticket,* by this adk . flireded to be affixed as aforefaid, to be kept and continued on

4’ ' .-• '	any	-:



76$

notice, to forfeit

76$'

Anno vitefimo nono GeorgiI III. c. 6?. [17S9.'

Mantifaftur*

any fuch cafk to which the fame (hall be affixed, during all the time that any fnuff work or tobacco ftaiks for tobacco /talk flour (hall remain thereto, or (hall lay together, put into the fame bm or calk, or mix or mingle any fnuff work, or tobacco ftaiks for tobacco (talk flour of one making or laying-down with (huff work or tobacco ftaiks for tobacco ftalk flour of any other making or laying-down, all and every fuch manufacturer or manufacturers fo offending (hall, for each and every (rich offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

LXXXVIlf. Provided always neVerthelefe, That so mano-toNxnVtfor ^a*®ur5r or'manufacturers'of’fnuff (hall incur or be liable to not manu- the (aid penalty of fifty pounds for or by reafbn of his, her, or feChnring their not manufacturing any fnuff work into rappee fnuff, Scshb fnuff work, fnuff, or brown Scotch fnuff, according to his, her, or tbe’ur depuration^ cfarat*t>n given in that behalf, in cafe fucH (huff work (ball, it fealTappear uPon furthA examination, after ihe delivery of fuch deefaratbo, afterwards appear to be Unfit to be fo Manufactured according to fuch de-unfitfor the cfaration : and noticie thereof in writing, fpecifying the weight purpofic,ctc, 0p fouff "wor|^ (hall tre

given by fuch manufacturer or manufacturers to the officer of excife under whofe furveyfce, fhe, or they (hall then be, within forty-eight hours next afto the delivery of fuch declaration, and in cafe fiich manufacturer or manufacturers (hall alfo within that time ip like manner deliver to. fuch officer a fre(h declaration in refjpeCl'thereof, fpecifying ipto which of (he forts pf fnuff next herein-before mentioned the fame is to be manufactured, and (hall alfo proceed •	Withotit deliy ’or interruption to manufacture the fame, aid

fihifti thetnanufaCturingrtieredf,1 according to fuchJaft-meutiooed declaration j any thing herem-before contained to therontnrj thereof in any wife not with (landing.

Snuff work, ' LXXXlX;' And be it furrhet ena&ed. That all and every S^feTobe	anc*	manufacturers	of (huff ihali with all duedib-

mamifaCtured RPnc* Manufacture all fnuff work, and tobacco ftaiks for tobacco according to (talk flout,' refpeClively, which (hall at any time be taken out ef wotice, and any fuch calk, into rappee fnuff, Scttcb fnuff, or brQwn wben fimfhed (huff, pr tobacco (talk flourj as the cafe may require, according faCturer to tb the notice herein-before in that behalf directed j and when deliver to the any pvanufaCltfrer or manufacturers of fnuff (hall have finiffied excife officer the manufacturing; of any fnuff work into Cpuff, fuch roanu-a declaration fafyureir or manufaCUirei-s (hall, when and fo foon as any farfi Mall be completely made, deliver or caufe to be delivered etc.on penalty tjo the officer of excife under whofe furvey he, (he, or they ftuli of job then be, a declaration In writing, fpecifying the Weight ol each of the (aid refpcCtive forts of fnuff made from fuch fnuff work, and the weight of the tobacco ftalk flour, if any, manufactured into the fame refpeClively, and fuch manufaaurct or spans-faCturers (hall keep fuch refpeClive forts of fnuff feparate and apa^ from each other, and feparate and apart from all other fnuff, ad from all tobacco ftalk flour, for and during the fpace of twentj-four hours from the time when fuch making (hall be fini(hed,« until the officer of excife under whofe futVey fuch manufacturer

or

Digitized by.

Google

Aqnp vicqfimo nono Georgii UK c. 69.	757

nufaCturers (hall then be (hall have taken an account of aad if any manufacturer or manufacturers of fnufF ncgWt or refufe to manufacture into rafJpee fuuff, Stotcb , or brown Smith fnuff, with all due diligence, according to otic* herein-before in that behalf directed, any fuch (nuff , $X my time taken out of any fuch calk, or if any fuch jfa&urer or manufacturers (hall ncgle# or .refufe to deliver \ufc to be delivered to the officer of excife under whofe :y he, (he, or they (hall then be, 'when and fo fooil as fuch ufru&urer or manufacturers (hall have fini(h«d the roanu-•ring of any fnufF work into fnuff, a declaration in writing,

^fyteg the weight of each df the faid refpeCtive forts of fnuff c from fuch fnuff work, and the weight of the tobacco (talk r,^f any, manufactured into the fame rcfpeCtively, or (ball edor refufe to keep fuch refpeCtive forts, of fnuff .feparate apaft from each other, and feparate and apart from all other f^nd tobacco ftalk flour refpeCtivelv, according to the di-* icn%*ef this aCt, every fuch manufacturer or manufacturer*

►Sending (hall for each and every fuch offence forfeit the i of fifty pounds.	•	'

iCi Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That Mamifaftor-hing herein-befdre contained (hall extend, or be deemed or *r# not/tia^L tftf eed to extend, to make any manufacturer or manufacturers notdeiiveriiig rnxiff liable to the laid penalty of fifty pounds, for or by reafon the laft men? hi$, her, or their not delivering, or caufine or procuring to tinned dc- * delivered, fiich laft mentiooeddedaration, ror or in sefpcCt of y	returned	direCtly	from	the mill, where the fame rctnmed di-

til hive been* ground and depofited in fuch room a9 is in that redly from ; tiatfherrin-after allowed, provided fuch manufacturer pr ma- the mill, if fa&Ortfs fhaH, previous to and immediately on his, her, or jhe?^livcr * eir taking fuch Sntch fnuff from or out of fuch room, deliver, ^cn caqfe to be dcHvered, to the officer of excife under whofe fur*- fame is taken y he* (he; or they (hall then be, a declaration in writing, fpe- from the yifig the weight of fuch Sxotch (huff, and of the tohacco, to- rSomT^CI^ icco (talks, and returns of tobacco, refpeChvely manufactured JcpofiUdU ** to the fame, and the time when the fame were laid down in uff work; any thing herein-hefore contained to the contrary tereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XGL Provided always neverthelefs. That it (hall and may be Manufa&or-wfut’to and for all and every manufacturer and manufacturers era may keep f fnuff, at his, her, and their own expence, to provide a proper, onvenient, arid Uccurc room for the purpofe of keeping dried Scotch fnufF, Mth Groff therein, with good and fufficient faftenings, fuch under the te-oom and faftenings to be approved of in writing, by and under fjri&ioos he hands of the refpeCtive furveyors and fupervifors of excife of mca* he dlvifion or diftriCt in which fuch room (hall be (ituate; and *

10	fifth room (hall have more than one door or entrance into he feme, nor (hall there be any communication whatsoever, ave and except one door, between fuch room and any other oom or place whatsoever; and fuch room (hall be locked up,

Med, and ftcurcd by the officer or officers of excife under

whofe

Digitized by

Google

and may de-pofit therein FOf ( months, Sootch fnoff dtretfljr from the min.

Begofattons fat cemovine Scotch (huff faomftore AS.

joL penalty for npt keep-log in (lore rooms Scotch feu if of one making apart from every

other mak-

‘

Store rooms sotto he opened except in the pretence of the cxcifc

Anno vicefimo nono Georgii III. c. 68.

whofe furvey fuch manufacturer or manufacturer^ (haWiroo time to time be. at alt times when any Scotch firnff*Staff k therein: and if fiAh manufacturer or manufadtireVs (ha)finreff) to have the Scotch fnuff ground from his, her, ortheir forf work returned direCtly from the milt where the fame (hall be ground, and depoTited in fuch room for any fpace of time not exceeding fix monrrha, he, (he, or they (hall be ar libertyfo to do, on giving tbthe officer of excife under whofe furvey be, (be, or they lhall then be, fix hours notice in writing, if fuch room fhall he fituate within tlte limits of the chief office of exrifc in London, or vrithin the limits of the city of Edinburgh} twehe hours notice in writing, if fitch rBom (hall be filtrate many city, or the fuburbs thereof,'or in any market town; and twenfy4cW hours notice in writing, if fuch room fhall be fitoate in vjj other part of Great Britain7 of fuch his, her, or their rntemwn; and fuch officer (hall attend purfuant to fuch notice, «mMM open fucb room, and fuch Scotch(hoff lhall then be tntmediatdy put into fuch room in the pretence of fetch officer, and fed remain therein for any /pace of time not exceeding fix month, without ftfch Scotch fnuff being deemed or taken as a port of bis, her, or, thfcir frock of Stottb fnuff, fo as to deprive hrni; b«r,ar them of any jpztx of the credit by this adt allowed to him, her, or tltam, fonor in refpalt of Scotch fnoff, tnythitelh this aft contained to the tomriry thereof in ariyWHe norwnhfiandkg: and when any* fur h manufadhireror manufactures* (hatt intend to take any Scotch fnuff tom or outof fucb roomhe, fee, or they (ha)i in like manner give to tke oftoev oftxeifewnfe whofe fumy he, (he, or they fhaW then be, fix hours notfct a writing, if filch room (hall be ficuate within the desks of \k chief office of excife in Londok,- or within the Sroits of Ibedy of Edinburgh; twelve hours norite in writing; if feieh aoM id be fituate rn any city or the fuburbs thereof, or iawy waste town; and twenty-four boors notice in writing, if fetch am fhall be fituate in any other part of Gnat Britain % of foeh hk, her, or their intention; and fuch officer (hall attend parfetat* fuch notice, and (hall open fuch room, and fetch Scotch <bof (hall then be immediately taken from and out of fuck roam* the prefence of fuch officer, and ail and every fuch mannfafeum and manufacturers ftiaH keep ail Scotch fnuff, of one udix, feparaie and apart from all Scotch fnuff of any other miktot * fucli room; and if any fuch manufacturer or manufeclongrsuuf negk^t or refufe to keep any Scotch fnuff of ooc making 4eptn* and apart from all Scotch fnuff of any other making^ far* room, all and every fuch manufacturer or mamifa&urets fast-fending (ball, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit the fitntf fifty pounds.	o

XCII. And be it further ena&ed, That if any maWofedm or manufadturers of fnuff (hall , by any meant; artvdtvfrt,« contrivance whatfoever, open any room fo provided ^end improved as aforefeid, except in the pretence ofohepltoptvolta of excife whofe bufinefe it may be to ateodin wfefer^o^pmfet

Digitized by

Google

1

. 1'Apno vicefimo nono Georoii III. c. 68.	7^59

>	fuch	cafe	foch manufacturer pr manufacturers officer, on

fqr?*PGb *pd every fuch offence forfeit the futn of two**"*1*?of Ir^d pounds.	,

Cfcll. *Afld be it further enaCted, That no perfon or perfons No perfon to iftnper (hall mix, or caufo or procore to be mixed, any cl^ycUoWiebony, togchwopd, logwood, red or Guinea wood, fnuff work, i left to o* Jamaica wood, Nicaragua wood, Saunders wood, or etc.

o.tfr*r fort of wood, or any walnut tree leaves, hqp leaves, ovpe leaves, or any oiher, leaves, herbs, or plants (other i tobacco), or any earth, clay, or tobacco fand, with any 3F wrprk or (huff, or (hall make or colour, pr caufc or procure »e made or coloured, any fouff work or fnuff with aoy fort or any other <kind of colouring (Water tinged ' tvcolour only excepted); nor (hall any manufacturer or of, or dealer or dealers in fnuff, fell, vend, titter, tor expofe to fale, or have in his, her, or their premifes ered/or m^nufatfluring or keeping tobacco or fnuff, any fu-k^jycUow ebony,, touchwood, logwpod, red or Guinea, wood, aftfotfa pc Jamaica wood, Nicaragua wood, or Saunderi wood, aoy vvainut,tree.leaves, hop leaves, or fycamore ieaves; nor dLmy Perfon or perfons whatfoever have in his, her, or their iipdy or- ppfleflion any fuftick, yellow ebony, touchwood, r$d or Guinea wood, braziletto or Jamaica wood,

44f&gV#yWod, Saunders wopd, or other wood, or walnut tree h^P^lcave^ fycamore (eaves, or other leaves, herbs, iUk|s,^a^h9^1ay, or tobacco fand, mixed with any fnuff work fiuA& or *ny fojuff work or fquff made pr coloured with an/ rt of cp)u$> timber, or any oilier kind of colourings except as [>reliud». supd if any perfon pr perfons whatsoever fhall mix, or Perfons muc-oforffc prpsgre to be mixed, any fuftick, yellow ebony, touch- *"*fuf*£k» ood, fogwpod, red or Guiuea wood, braziletto or Jamaica wood, wor)Tor f°Uff Ticaragm wood, Saunders wood, or any other fort of wood> or fnuff, or >y walnut tree leaves, hop leaves, fycamore leaves, or any other colouring it aves* Jhwrbs, pr plants (other than tobacco), or any earth, clay, 0*kc|> r tobacco find, .with any (huff work or fmxff, or mail make or *^to forfc4t iiour, or caufe or procure to be made or coloured, any fnuff ork or fnuff, with any fort of oaker, umber, or any other kind ( pofouriug (.water tinged with colour only excepted1), the per*

>n on perfons fo offending (hall for each and every fuch offence Manufa&ar-werally forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds; or if any xna- 5«or dcaJer# lufaCtnrer or .manufacturers of, or dealer or dealers in fnuff, jn^n entered hall foil, vend, utter, offer, or expofe to fale, or have in his, premifes, Airier* or,tbcir premifes entered for manufacturing or keeping to* tick, etc. and :>accQ or fnuff, any fuftick, yellow ebony, touchwood, logwood, any perfons •ed or Guinea wood, braziletto or Jamaica wood, Nicaragua poffef-ivood, pr Saunders wood, or any- walnut tree leaves, hop leaves, f10n fuftick^ pt fycamore leaves 5 or if any perfon or perfons jafoatfoever (hall etc. mixed* have in lumber, or thejr cuftody or poffeffiop, any fuftick, with fnuff yellow ebony,, touchwood, logwood, red or Guinea* wood, brazi- ^.fouff fnU* Unsk Qf. Jamaka WQod> Nicaragua: wood, Saunders wood, or coloured with other wood, or walnut tree leaves, hop leaves, fycamore leaves* oaker, etc. tp

or forfeit jolt

Digitized by

Google



7$0	Anno	vicefimo	nono	Georgii	111, c. 68.

or other leaves, herbs, plants, earth, day, or tobacco had, mixed with any fhuff work or fnuff, or any (brt of (huff mait or coloured with any fort of oaker, umber, or any other kind ci *	colouring	(except as afofefaid), fuch perfon or periods, manu-

facturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers* fo offend®?, fhall for each and every fuch offence feverally forfeit the futnof Such fu flick, fifty pounds; and all fuch fuftick, yellow ebony, touchwood, etc. may be logwood, red or Gained wood, brasjiietto or Jamaica wood, A7-faxed. taragua wood, Saunders wood, or other wood, walnut tree leaves, hop leaves, fycamore leaves, or other leaves, herbs, plants, earth, clay, and tobacco fancf, fo mixed with (huff work or ftwf, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, and the faeff wherewith (he fame fhall be fo irrixed, and all (buff work aad fnuff rcfpcCtively which (hall be made or coloured contrary te .the true intent and meaning hereof; and alfo all fuftick, yelk* ebony, touchwood, logwood, red or Guinea wood, brazUcttoar ^Jamaica wood, Nicaragua wood, or Saunders wood, walnut tree , leaves, hop leaves, and fycamore leaves, which (hall be feM, vended, uttered, offered, or expofed to fale, by, dr be in the catered premiles or in the pofleflion of, any manufacturer or manufacturers of, or dealer or dealers in fnuff, contrary to the mx intent and meaning hereof* (hall be forfeited, and (hall and am be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or exciie.

An account XCIV. And be it further enabled, That when any mam*-the weigKtsof ^a<^ll|,er or manufacturers of, or dealer or dealers in, tobaccofhari Spanifhmixed mix any Spanijh with fhort cut tobacco, fuch manufacturer or with ihortcut manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, fhall, every day, enter ires tobacco, and a book, or on a paper into or on which he, fne, or they is or ftal^flbur* are herein-after directed to enter an account of the auantitieso? .mixed with the unmanufactured tobacco by him, her, or them fold, fetuotf,

' ftoff, etc. on or confumed, in quantities of two pounds weight, or opwarik penalty of job the grofs weights of the Spanijh and fhort cut tobacco fo naiari and the* time when the fame were fo mixed: and when any manufacturer or manufacturers of, or dealer or dealers in, fiwi, (hall mix any tobacco (talk flour with Britijh fnuff or forage fnuff, or any Britijh rappee fnuff, Scotch fnuff, or brown Sak> fnuff, the one with any-other of them, or with any kind « foreign fnuff, fuch manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer <* dealers, (hall, every day, enter into a book, or on a paper, ima

#	or on which he, me, or they is or are herein-after directed »

*	enter an account of the quantities of fnuff by him, her, oy$cs fold, fent oat or confumed, in quantities of two pounds wcigfr or upwards, the grofs weight of the tobacco (talk flour, aerf the fevcral kinds and grofs weights of Britijh (huff and forer£ fnuff fo mixed, and the time when fbch tobacco flalk flam, Britijh fnuff, or foreign fnuff, or either of them, were fo ofixtC and if any manufacturer OT manufacturers of, or dealer vw deab era in, tobacco,' having mixed any Spanijh with (hart cut tabscer* (hall negleCt or refufe to enter into fuch book, or on fuch papa, in manner herein-before irl that behalf directed, thegrofsweight! of the Spanijh and fhort Cut tobacco fo mixed, andtbe time wbeft

&

Digitized by v^ooQle

1789.] Anno'vicefeno n&io Georgii IIL c. 168.	761

the fame reCpe&ively were fo mixed; or if any manufacturer or m&nufadhxrers of, or dealer or dealers in, fnuff, having mixed any tobacco (talk flour with Britijb fnuff or foreign fnuff, or any Briixfl) rappee fnuff, Scotch fnuff, or brown Scotch fnuff, the one with any other of "them, or with any kind of foreign fnuff, (hall neglect or refufe to enter into fuch book, or on fuch paper. In manner herein-before in that behalf dired}ed, the grofs weight of the tobacco (talk flour, and the fcveral kinds and grofs weights of the Bnitijh fnuff and foreign fnuff refpddlively fo mixed, and the time when fuefh tobacco ftalk flour, Brittjh fnuff and foreigh fnuff, or either of them, were fo mixed, all and every fuch manufacturer or manufacturers of, or dealer or dealers in,	,

tobacco or fnuff fo offending, (hall, for each, and every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

XCV. And be it further enaCted, That if any manufacturer Frelh notice or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, who is or are diredted t0 ** by this aCt to give any notice in writing, (hall not begin to do or matter fpcci-perform the matter or thing fpccifiedin fuch notice, at the time fiedinthefirk fpeeified m fbeh notice, or within one hour next after the time notice is not (pecificd in fuch notice, the fame (hall be void and of no effed, and Rich manufacturer or ntanbfadturers, and dealer or dealer^, refpcAively, (hall be liable to £ive a new and frefli notice in pointed, writing of the fame, as if no notice had been before given.

XCVI. And be it further cnadted, That when any officer or Perfons tax* officers of excife (hall difeover that the manufadturingof tobacco.nuJaAttringr* w fnuff is carried oh in any houfe, warehoufe, workhoufe, room, sellar, vauh, or place, whereof no entry has been made at the entered placet office of excife as by this aCt is directed, and (hall at the fame to forfeit ime difeover in fuch houfe, warehoufe, workhoufe, room, cel-ar, vault, or place, where fach private manufacturing of tobacco yr (huff (hall be fo difcovered, any perfon or perfons knowingly 1 (lifting or in any ways concerned in carrying on fuch private' namrfaAurtng of tobacco or fnuff, every fuch perfon or perfons b difcovered lhall forfeit the fum of thirty pounds, over and ibove ail penalties and forfeitures that the proprietor or prpprf-Xots of fuch tobacco or fnuff (hall be liable to; and it flhaH be Excife ofi-awfttl for the officer and officers of excife, and all other perfon* ^r8foch idling in their aid, to' flop, afreft, and detain all and every the fo*, before a >erfim and perfons fo difcovered in fuch houfe, warehoufe, magiftratc, votkhoufe, room, cellar, vault, or place, and convey him, her,

>r them before ope or more juftice or juftices. of the peace for ' he county, riding, divifion, city, or liberty refpedtively, wherein	•	>

tick pCrfon or perfons (hall be fo difcovered as aforefaid; and it hall be lawful for fuch juftice or juftices of the peace refpedtively,

>n confeffion of the party, or on proof, by the oath of one or * nore credible whnefs or witnefles, to convict the perfon and ierfons fo difcovered as aforefaid; and each of the perfon or rerfons fo convidted (hall immediately on fuch conviction pay he ftid fom of thirty pound* into the hands of the officer who WH^have conveyed fuch perfon or perfons before fuch juftice or jflkrs pf-tbr peace,, to be applied in manner hercin-after dr-' r/ -	redted	$

T6z

who may commit them if the penalty be not paid.

Any perfon fo offending a fecond time to forfeit 6ol.

Extffe officer*, between 5 in the morn^ ing and xi in the evening, without a conftable, and between xi in the evening and 5 in the morning,with a conftable, may enter the houfea of manufacturers of tobacco and fnuff, and dealers thereto, and take ftock.

In taking ftock the manufacturer to be allowed the following credits. Credits.

Anno Vicefimo noho GsoROli III. c. 68.	[i^

reded i and on any fuch perfon refufiogor negie&ing to pay the faid fum of thirty pounds, the juftice or juft ices fo convi&ingis aforefaid (hall, by warrant or warrants under his or their hand gnd feal, or bands and feats, commit him or her to the hoofc 0? corrediqn for the faid count;, riding, divifion, city, or 1'fhmr, refpedively, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for the fpace of fix months, to he reckoned from the day of fuch coo-vidion; and np perfon fo committed (hall be discharged until he or (he (hall have paid the faid fum of thirty pounds, or m 1 the expiration of the faid fix months; and in caie any perfon to convided (hall be again difcpvered in any houfe, srarehoaSc, workhoufe, room, cellar, vault, or place where the cnanufadw-ing of tobacco or fnuff (hall be fo priyately carried on, affi&ng or any ways concerned in carrying on fuch private manufadotc of tobacco or Tnuff, the perfon (b again offending (hall, upon the like convidion, forfeit and pay for fuch fecond offence the fum of fixty pounds, and in default thereof (hall be cotninrad to the houfe of corredion, in manner aforefaid, thereto remun for and during the term of one year, or until the irnid fum or fixty pounds (ball be paid.

XCVII. And be it further enaded, That it ftull and out be lawful to and for the officers of excife, or any or either d them, from time to time, and at all times, between the boon of five in the morning and eleven in the evening, either with cc without a conftable, or other officer of the peace, or between for hours of eleven in the cvening,and five in die morning, with 1 conftable or other officer of the peace, to enter into all and even the houfes, warehoufes, workhoufes, (bops, rooms, cefisn, vaults, and other places belonging to or made ufc of by in manufacturer or manufadurers of or dealer or dealers in tubxc? or fnuff, and to take an account of the quantity and quality <f all the tobacco, tobacco ftalks, Spanijb, tobacco ftalks fortobies ftalk flour, fnuff work, tobacco ftalk flour, and fnuff, reflectively, which (hall at any time be in his, her, or their cuftoiy or poffeflion.

XCVIII. And be it further enaded, That iti taking an sc-count of the ftock of all and every manufadurer and manufic turers of tobacco and fnuff, all and every fuch manufadurer me manufadurers (hall* have a credit according to the fbllovk: proportions; (that is to fey),

For every one hundred pounds weight of tobacco, which n manufadurer or manufadurers of tobacco (hall tnaoufadtat fo (hort cut tobacco, fuch manufadurer or manufacturers A* have a proper credit, not exceeding one hundred pounds~wcie£ of (hort cut tobacco, tobacco ftalks, and realms .of tpbocooqwe fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity of fetch sobtea fo manufadured:

For every one hundredpou^^wafob^of tobaceOrwbfoh w* fuch manufadurer or mapufadurersjM^l *nao*6i£fer«t farfor tobacco, be, (lie, or they; (frail	proper jsedit^noMersid-

Digitized by

Google

i789.] Anno vicefimb nbno GfiORGil HI. c. 58.	763

infa^^ihd^cd and five pdumlt weight of fhsg tobacco, to-baceo (talks, aW<! returns of tobacco ; and fo in proportion for *any greater or left quantity of fuch tobacco fo manufactured :

For every one hundred pounds weight of tobacco anti tobacco (talks, which fofch manufacturer or manufacturers fhaH manufacture for roll tobacco, he, (he, or they (hall have a proper credit, not exceeding one hundred and fifteen pounds weight of ' roll tobacco, tobacco (talks, and returns of tobacco; and fo in proportion for any greater or left quantity of fuch tobacco and tobacco (talks fo manufactured:

For every one hundred pdondr weight of tobacco and tobacco (talks, which fuch manufacturer or manufacturers (hall manufacture for carrot tobacco, he, (he, or they (hall have a proper credit, not exceeding one hundred and twenty pounds weight 'of carrots, tobacco (talka, and returns <rf tobacco; and fo in proportion' for any greater or left quantity of fuch tobacco and tobacco (talks fo manufactured :

- ' -Fbre^ety one hundred pounds weight of tobacco (talks which fad* manufacturer or manufacturers (hall manufacture for Spanijhi he, (he, or they (hall have a proper credit, not exceed-ingiome hundred pounds weight of Spanl/b, and returns 5 and fo in'proportion for any greater or lefs quantity of fuch tobacco ibdks fo manufactured^ * -

£or evefy one hundred pounds weight of tobacco which fuch * manufacturer or manufacturers of fnuff (hall manufacture for rappee fotrff,fhe, (he, or they (hall have a-proper credit, not exceeding one hundred and fiftecn pounds weight of rappee fnuflf;

Mid fo m proportion for any greater or left quantify of (uchto-feacdo fo manufactured s

For every one hundred pounds weight of tobacco and tobacco (tote, -fuch manufacturer or manufacturers (hall manufacture iar Scotch fnuff, he, (he, or they (hall have a proper credit, notexcecding eighty- five pounds weight of Scotch fnoff; and lb in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity of futh tobacco and tobacco (talks fo manufactured :	*

For every one hundred pounds weight of tobacco andtobacco (hHu, which fuch manufacturer or manufacturers (hall manufacture for brown 8cotcb fnuff, he, fhe, or they (hall have a proper credit, not exceeding one hundred and twenty (founds weight of brown Scotch fnuflf, and fo in proportion for any greater or left quantity of tobacco and tobacco (talks fo manufactured :

• ‘Fo*1 every-one hundred pounds weight of tobacco (talks,

WMth filCtr manufacturer or manufacturers (hill manufacture fir tobacco (talk flour, he* (he, or they (hall have a proper cre-diyyndt exceeding ninety pounds Weight of tobacco (talk flour;

-and(bin proportion for any greater or lefs quantity of tobacco flaifc* fo ittanufaAored.-

‘Add'ihrcafeany officer of officers bf Recife fhall at any tftne dif- Any excefs in cbver1 or find in the flock Of any manufacturer or marrufa&urers	to	be

of eobacoo or foufPamy quantity of ftJOtt cut tobacco, fliag to- deemed a • Vot. XXXVI.	Etc	bacco,	quantity

'	Digitized	by Google

764

brought in without per* mit,

If fcale* and weights are not kept for the ufe of the excife officer*, or if they are not permitted to weigh tobacco, etc. the manufacturer or dealer to forfeit loot, and tool, if the feales or weights be falfe, etc.

Manufacturers and dealers toaffid the officers in taking accounts, on penalty of jol.

Anno vlccfimo nono Georgii III. c. 63.	[1785.

bacco, roll tobacco, carrot tobacco, Spanijb, Britijb rappee fnuff, Scotch fnufF, brown Scotch fnufF, tobacco (talk flour, or reiurnsof tobacco, greater than the credit herein-before in that behalf allowed to fuch manufacturer or manufacturers, fuch Ihort cut tobacco, lhag tobacco, roll tobacco, carrot tobacco, Spwfa Britijb rappee fnutF, Scotch fnufF, brown Scotch fnuff, tobacco ftalk flour, and returns, refpeCtively, fo found in excefs, (hallbe deemed and taken to be brought into the houfc, warehouk, workhoufe, (hop, room, cellar, vault, or other place made u*e of by fuch manufacturer or manufacturers without giving notice thereof to the officer of excife under whofe furvey fuch manufacturer or manufacturers (hall be, and without an authentid permit granted and given, according to the directions of this ad

XCIX. And be it further enadted, That all and every manufacturer and manufacturers of, and dealer and dealers in tobacca or fnuff (hall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby required to keep fufficient and juft feales and weights, .at the place or places where he, (he, or they (hall and do keep, manufacture, or deal in refpeCtiveiy any tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanijb^ tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, fnuff work, tobacco (bit flour, or fnuff, and alfo permit and fuffer any officer or officer* of excife to ufe the fame for the purpolc of weighing and take; an account of the tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spamjh, tobacco (bib for tobacco folk flour, fnuff work, tobacco (talk flour, and fnu£ refpeCtively, which (hall at any time be in the poiTeffion of, feet manufacturer and manufacturers and dealer and dealers refpec* lively: and if any fuch manufacturer or manufacturers, or deal:: or dealers, (hall neglect to give fuch feales and weights, or dtbc of them, or (hall not permit or fuffer any officer or officers « excife to ufe the fame, he, (he, or they (hall, for each and evert fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, and if aor fuch manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, fed in the weighing of any fuch tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spamjh, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, fnuff work, tobacco fell flour, or fnuff, make ufe of, or caufe or procure or fuffer to b< made ufe of, any falfe, unjuff, or inefficient feales or weighs or (hall praCtife any art, device or contrivance by which 2* fuch officer or officers may be hindered or prevented from takir-the Jutland true weight of any fuch tobacco, tobacco ihiU Spanijb, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, fnuff work, r> bacco (talk flour, or fnuff, then, and in every fuch cafe, fea manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, (hall, t each and every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of two hun&si pounds, together with all fucb falfe, unjuff, or infuffidcac fob and weights refpeCtively, and the feme (hall and may ie feiid by any officer or officers of excife.

C. And be it further enaCted, That all and every manufaChrr and manufacturers of, and dealer and dealers in tobacco or fed (hall, when and fo often as he, ihe, or they (hall be thereof required by the officer or officers of excife. under whofe fiirra he, (he, or they (hall then be, and without a fufficient number

Digitized by Google

7S9O Anno vicefimo nono GeoRGH III. C. 68.	765

T his, her, or their fervants, aid and affift, to the utmoft of his,

er, or their power, fuch officer or officers in taking an account

1* all tobacco, tobacco ftalks, Spdrii/b> tobacco ftalks for tobacco

alk flour, fnuff work, tobacco ftalk flour, and fnuff refpec-

vely, of fuch manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or deal-

rs, on pain of forfeiting, for every neglect or refufal thereof,

le fum of fifty pounds.

Cl. Provided always, and be it enaefted, That it (hall not be Officers notto iwful for any officer or officers of excife to weigh any tobacco, weigh^tobac-abacco ftalks, or fnulf work, whilft actually in the operation of o^raTion", ex-nanufa&ure, fave and except fuch fnuff work as any manufac- Cept fnuff’ jrer or manufacturers of fnuff (hall intend to fend out or receive work font out ►y permit,; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary °rreceived by n any wife notwithftanding.	permi .

CII. And be it further enacted, That all and every manu- Unmanufac-acturer and manufacturers of tobacco (hall from time to time, Jo^tobacco" nd at all times, keep all unmanufactured tobacco, tobacco in jn operation, he ftate of operation, and manufactured tobacco, in his, her, and manufac->r their cuftody or poffeflion, feparate and apart from each other, tured tobacco jpon pain of forfeiting, for every fuch offence, the fum of fifty to b* kcpt

)ounds.	•	penalty of col.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That it (hall be lawful to officer, t0 be and for all officers of excife, and all fuch officers are hereby au- permitted to horifed and empowered to take, at any time or times, a fample take fample*

Dr famples of tobacco, tobacco ftalks Spani/h, tobacco ftalks for °* tobacco, tobacco ftalk flour, tobacco ftalk flour, or fnuff, from or out of the jam^on** any tobacco, tubacco ftalks, Spani/h, tobacco ftalks for tobacco penalty o’f ftalk flour, tobacco ftalk flour, or fnuff, in the cuftody or pof- iool. for re-feffion of any manufacturer or manufacturers of, or dealer or dealers in tobacco or fnuff, paying for the fame fif demanded) the value or ufual price thereof; and in cafe any fuch manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, (hall refufe to permit fuch officer or officers to take fuch fample or famples as aforefaid, upon his or their fo paying for the fame (if demanded), or (hall any wife obftruct or hinder him or them in taking fuch fample or famples, fuch manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, fo offending, (hall for each and every fuch offence forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every manu- Manufatur-facturcr and manufacturers of, and dealer and dealers in to- kee^" bacco, (hall from time to time keep an account of all tobacco accounts^ and tobacco ftalks, which he, (he, or they refpectivety (hall from tobacco, etc. time to time fell, fend out, or confume, according to the de- andfnuffs, in nominations thereof herein-after fpecified; (that is to fay) un- *h*J®anJlcr manufactured tobacco, tobacco ftalks, (hort cut tobacco, (hag fcribedTn" tobacco, roll tobacco, carrot tobacco, Spani/h, and returns of books or pa-tobacco, and (hall every day enter into a book, or on a paper, pers, which to be kept for that purpofe, an account of the quantities of the unmanufaflfured tobacco, tobacco ftalks, (hort cut tobacco, (hag cxcifc office/ tobacco, roll tobacco, cafror tobacco, Spunifb, and returns of tobacco, which (hall hare been by him, her, or them fold, fent

E c e 2	out,

766	Anno viccfimo nono GeoRGH III. c. 68. [17$$.

out, or contained in the preceding day, in quantities erf four pounds weight or upwards; and all and every dealer and dealers in tobacco (hall alfo every day enter into aneffher book, or on another paper, to be kept for that purpose, by him, her, or them, an account of the quantities of the fhort cut tobacco, (hag to* bacco, roll tobacco, carrot tobacco, Sptmijb^ and returns of tobacco, under the weight of four pounds, which (hall have been by him, her, or them fold. Tent out, or contained in the preceding day, in quantities under four pounds weight: and that all and every manufacturer and manufacturers of, and dealer and dealers in fnufF, (hall alfo, from time to time, keep an account of all tobacco, tobacco (talks, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, fnufF work, tobacco (talk flour, and fnufF, which he, (he, or they refpeCtively (hall from time to time fell, (end out, or con-fume, according to the denominations thereof herein-after mentioned; (that is to fay) unmanufactured tobacco, uamanufadured tobacco (talks, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk floor, fnufF wott for rappee (huff, fnufF work for Scotch (huff, fnuff work tor brown Scotch fnufF, Britijb rappee fnuff, Scotch (huff, brown Scofth fnuff, tobacco (talk flour, and foreign fnuff; and ttaR every day enter into a book, or oh a paper, to be kept by him, her, or them, an account of the quantities of the unmanufactured tobacco, tobacco (talks, toblrcco (talks for tobacco flail flour, (huff work for rappee fnuff, fnuff work for ScoUh fiaeff, fnuff work for brown Scotch fnuff, Britijb jrappee (buff. Sestet fnuff, brown Scotch fnuff, tobacco (talk flour, and foreign (huff, which (hall have been by him, her, or them fold, lent out, or con fumed in the preceding day, m quantities of two pounds weight or upwards * and all and every dealer and dealers io (buff (hall alfo every day enter into another book, or on another paper, to be kept for that purpofe by him, her, or them, an account of the quantities of the Britijb rappee fnuff, Scotch fiufl; brown Scotch fnuff, and foreign fnuff, which (hall have been by him, her, or them fold, fent out, or contained, in the preceding day, in quantities under two pounds weight: which find books or papers reflectively (hall be prepared for the making tad entries refpeltively as aforefaid, and delivered upon demand turn all fuch manufacturers and dealers refpedtively by the Cud re~ fpe&ive commiflioners of excife, or fuch perfon or perfocs * they the faid commiflioncrs of excife, or the major part of taea refpedtively, for the time being, (hall for that purpofe dired ad appoint.

Nomanofac- CV. Provided always. That no fuch manufacturer or mane-terer or dealer fa&urters of, or dealer or dealers in tobacco or (huff, (hail ban thaifcm^fuch *n her, or ^eir cu®°Ay or pofleffion more than bbe fedt book or paper hook or paper of each fort at a time; and the laid books at at the fame papers (hall, in cafe the entered premifes of fetch manfefa&urc: time, which Qr manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, 16 whom the fame taS turned tode ** delivered, (hall be fixate within the limits of the chief oftr officer ac of excife in London, or within the limits of the city of Edinhtrg< herein direft- or in any city or the fuburbs thereof, or in any market town.

Digitized by Google

1789.J	Anno vicefimo nono Georgii III. c. 68*	767

be feverallv returned at the end of every fix weeks; and in cafe ed.aml vcm the entered premifes of fuch manufacturer or manufacturers, or ficd 00 °*tb* dealer or dealers, (hall be lituate in any other part of Great Britain, be feverally returned at the end of every fix months, or when the fame relpeCtively (hall be filled up, which (hall firft happen, to the proper officers of excife in that behalf for the time beings and the truth of the entries made therein (hall then be verified upon the oath of fuch manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, or his, her, or their fervant or fervantt, who kept the fame, and made the entries therein, according to the bed of his, her, or their knowledge and belief; and when and fo foonas any fuch book or books, paper or papers, (hall bo filled up, or fooner if the proper officer of excife ip that behalf (hall demand the fame, fuch book or books, or paper or papers refpeCtively (hall be returned to the proper officer of excife in that behalf for the time being, and the truth of the entries made therein (hall then be verified upon the oath in manner aforefaid (which oaths fuch refpeCtive officers are hereby authorifed to adminifter), and one or more new book or books, or paper or papers, (hall be delivered to fuch refpeCtive manufacturers and dealers upon any fuch book or books, or paper or papers being fo filled up or returned, in the room of fuch book or books, air paper or papers, fo filled up,or returned, and fo wits quotiest as often as fuch book or books, or paper pr papers, (hall be fo filled up or returned; which faid books or papers refpe<5tively fo kept Such books or by fuch refpeCtive manufacturers and dealers, (hall from time to {j^rfo°thc time lie open for4he perufal and infpcCtion of the officer and in^e&ion of officers of excife under whofe furvey fuch refpeCtive manufac- the officer, turers and dealers (hall then be; and that all and every fuch and to be filled manufacturer and manufadurers, and dealer and dealers, refpec- ** hl8 rc“ tively, (ball, immediately upon every requeft of the officer or ^ officers of excife under whofe furvey fuch refpeCtive manufacturers and dealers (hall then be, fill up. fuch book and books, and paper and papers, refpeCtively, with the quantities by them (old, fent our, and confumed in each day, and up to the time of fuch requeft being fo made: and.if any fuch manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, (hall negleCt or refufe to keep any fuch book or books, ot paper or papers, refpeCtively, or to mal;e fuch entries therein, or to permit the officer or officers of excife, under whofe furvey fuch refpeCtive manufacturers and dealers (hall be, tp perufe or infpeCt the fame, or any or either of them, or not return fuch book or books, or paper or papers, or any or either of them, or not fill up fuch book pr books, or paper or papers, or any or either of theip, on requeft as aforefaid, according to the directions of this aCt, or (hall make for nedeCt in aay falfe entry therein, he, (he, or Jbey (hall, for each and every keeping fuch fuch offence, forfeit thefum of one hundred pounds.	books, etc.

CVI. And be it further enaCted, That if any officer or offi- Any unfair cere of excife (hall difpover or find any increafe not legally ac- txcefs in frock counted for in the ftock or (locks of the unmanufactured to-	rifo"

t>acco, tobacco (talks, (hort cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, roll to- ao]a by thc

E e e 3	bacco.

j68	Anno vicefimo nono Georgii IlL C. 68. [i7?9. I r

manufedtorer bacco, carrot tobacco, Spanijh, returns of tobacco* tobacco flalks I or dealer. for tobacco (talk flour, fnufF work For rappee fnuff, Chaff work 1 { for Scotch fnufF, fnufF work for brown Scotch fnuff, tobacco ftalk 1 flour, Britijb rappee fnuff, Scotch fnuff, brown Scotch (miff, or ] foreign fnuff of any manufadhirer or manufadturers of, or drakr or dealers in tobacco or fnuff, over and above the quantity of each rcfpeclive fort or denomination which the officer of taafe found in fuch manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers cuftody at the time of the laft preceding furvey upon tech manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, fcich in-creafe fhall be deemed and taken to be made by a commodity for which no duty has been paid, and which had been pnvatdy brought in by fuch manufacturer or manufacturers* or dcater or dealers, without permit, and fo much of the faid refpedlive flock or flocks as fhall be found increafed (hall be forfeited ; and a quantity, equal to the increafed quantity, (hall and may be feized and taken by any officer or officers of excife, from or oat of any part of the unmanufactured tobacco, tobacco (talks, flhort cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, roll tobacco, carrot tobacco, returns of tobacco, tobacco flalks for tobacco ftalk flour, feoff work for rappee fnuff, fnuff work for Scotch fnuff, fnuff work for brown Scotch fnuff, tobacco ftalk flour, Britijb rappee fnuff, ( Scotch fnuff, brown Scotch fnuff, or foreign fnuff, as the cafe may I require, then in the cuftody or poffeffion of fuch manufacturer or manufadturers, or dealer or dealers, in whofe flock or flocks fuch increafe (hall be difeovered or found; and fuch manufacturer or manufadturers, or dealer or dealers, in whofe flock lack increafe (hall be difeovered or found, (hall alfo forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.	J

CVII. Provided always neverthelefs, and be it further enacted, Scotch fnuff. That where any Scotch fnuff (hall, from the moifture of tbeiir, in the cuftody haVC ga|ned and acquired, in the cuftody and poflefiion of the ♦urTr^orof manufadturer or manufadturers thereof, any increafe of weight, dealers, not not exceeding the rate of five pounds weight in the hundred, having gained over and above the credit herein-before allowed to fuch maxm-thaQ fadturer or manufadturers for or in refpedt of fuch Scotch fnuff, iooib1 by^he Scotch fnuff (hall be deemed and taken to be a fair com-vnoiflure of modify, and fuch manufadturer or mahufadturers (hall be allow-the air, to be ed credit for the fame in flock, and alfo to remove the fame by deemed a fair permit, notwithftanding fuch increafe of weight; and alfo, where , co mmodity, any fnuff (hall, from the moifture of the air, have gained j and acquired, in the cuftody or poffeflion of the dealer or dealers in fnuff, who firft purchafed and received the feme by permit from the manufadturer thereof, any increafe of weight nor exceeding the rate of five pounds weight in the hundred, over and above the weight fpecififtd in fuch permit, fuch Scotch (huff fhall be deemed and taken to be a fair commodity, and fuch dealer or dealers (hall be allowed credit for the fame in flock, and alfo to remove the fame by permit, notwithftanding fucb increafe of weight; any thing in this adt contained to the cos* ti ary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

CVUI. M

Digitized by L ?le

1789.] Anno vicefimo nono GEdROii III. c. 68.	769

C VIII. Andy to prevent any fuck allowance from being made, over *nd above what is granted by thi$ provifiy be it further cnaCted,

That all and every fuch manufacturer and manufacturers, and which fnuff it dealer and dealers, (hall keep all fuch Scotch fnuff, on which any J*°	*	c^Jom

fuch allowance (hall be made, feparate and apart from all other aifotherfnuff, fnuff in his, her, or their cuftody or poffeflton, and (hall from time and Ihewn to* to time (hew the fame to the officer of excife under whofe furvey theofficer.etc. he, (he, or they (hall be, upon demand, and declare at what time on Penalty of or times any fuch allowance (hall have been made to him, her, or10 * them, in refpeCt of fuch fnuff, and the amount of fuch allowance, on pain of forfeiting the fum of twenty pounds for every negleCt dr refufal thereof.

C1X. And be it further enaCted, That if any manufacturer or Manufa&ur-manufaCturers of tobacco or fnuff (hall remove, or caufe to be ere removing removed, any tobacco or fnuff from or out of his, her, or their fnuffbdbre entered warehoufe, workhoufe, (hop, room, cellar, vault, or weighing, or other place, before the fame has been weighed and taken an ac- concealing it, count of by the officer or officers of excife undet whofe furvey to forfeit 501. he, (he, or they (hall be, according to the directions of this aCt, or (hall hide or conceal, or caufe or procure to be hidden or concealed any tobacco or fnuff from rhe fight and view of fuch officer or officers, fuch manufacturer or manufacturers fo offending (hall, for each and every fuclroffence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

CX. And be it further cnaCted, That no tobacco (not being No tobacco, returns of tobacco) of four pounds weight or upwards, nor any ctc/ the . fnuff of two pounds weight or upwards, nor any tobacco (talks,	t^be

Spanijby returns of tobacco, tobaccoitalks for tobacco (talk flour, removed from -fnuff work, or tobacco (talk flour, exceeding the quantity of two one part to hundred pounds weight, (hall be removed or carried from any another part one part of this kingdom to any other part thereof, by land or Som whhout by water, without being accompanied with a proper permit from a%rmit, on fomc or one of the officers'of excife, granted according to the penalty of for. directions of this aQ, on pain of forfeiting the tobacco, tobacco feiture,*tc, fValks, Spanijby returns of tobacco, tobaccoftalks for tobacco ftalk flour, fnuff work, tobacco ftalk flour, and fnuff rtefpe&ively, which (hall be found removing or carrying, or removed or carried from any one part of thiskingdotir to any other part thereof, without fuch permit, together with the oa(ks or other packages containing the fame, and the horfes, cattle, boats, barges, and carriages ufed in fuch removal or carriage thereof; and the Amt refpeCtively (hall and may be fcized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife.

CXI. And be it further enaCted, That when any manufacturer Officer on re-or manufacturers of, ot dealer or dealers in, tobacco or fnuff, quefttogive doly licenfed according to the diredions ot this aft, (hall have ^wmovah f occafion to remove any tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanifh, tobacco tobacco etc? ftalks for tobacco ftalk flour, fnuff work, tobacco ftallo flour, or 1 fnuff, from any fuch his, her, or their enttred houfe, warehoufe, workhoufe, (hop, room, cellar, vault, or other place, the officer qk officers of excife of the divifion or place where fuch entered

c e 4	houfet

Antjo vicefime nono Gkougii III. c. 68. [1789.

houfe, warehouse, workhoufe, (bop, room, cellar, vault, or otter place, (hall be fituate, (hall, without fee or reward, front lime n time, upon a requeft note being made and delivered according to the directions of this a<51, by fuch manufacturer or manofaAsrcn, or dealer or dealers, grant and give a permit in writing, figoed by the laid refpcCtive officer or officers, expreffing the-weight of all fuch tobacco, tobacco ftalka, Spavijb, tobacco ftaiks nr tobacco ftalk flour, (huff work, tobacco (talk floor, and fouffte-fpeCtively, fo to be removed, diftinguUhing in fetch pi unit feck tobacco, tobacco ftalka, Sps*j/k, tobacco ftalka fear tobacco flail flour, fnuff work, tobacco flalk flour,-and (buff, from each other, and alfodiftingui thing the different kinds of tobacco, (buff work, and fnuff refpeCiively from each other,-according to the denominations thereof fpecified in the requeft-note,- aednsdtag to the dire&ions of this aCt, and expreffing the mim or names of the perfon or per font from wham the dune is intended to be removed, and the name or names of the perfon or perfonrto whom, and the place to which, the feme is or areioteaded to be removed, and whether the (ameis or are intended to be removed by land or by water, aqd by what anode of conveyance the Came ts Permits to or are intended to be fent; and ail officen of exche granting or limit the time giving fuch permits Avail limit and eaprefe in fuch permits n-orremo . fp^jy^jy the time within which fuch tobacco, tobacco flaks, Spanijhy tobacco ftaiks for tobacco flalk flour, (huff work,tobacco flalk flour, of (huff, in fech permits refpeCiively mentioned, flnQ be removed from and out of the flock of the perfon or-periods taking out fetch permits, and alfo the time within which the (hoc (hall be deliveredand received into thehoofetywareboufee, wash houfes, (hops, rooms, cellars, vaults, er other places of the perfon or petrous tafperaxelyto whom: the feme is fo permitted » be fent.	>•

If tobacco, etc. be not delivered within the limited time, to be deemed a< removed without permit.

CXII. And it is further enaCtcd, That in cafe any tobacco, tobacco ftaiks, Spam^/b, tobacco ftalka for tobacco flalk fee, fnuff work, tobaoco flalk flour, or (huff,-mentioned or fpedfid in any fuch permit, (hall be removed or fent away from and oat of the houfe, warehoufc, workhoufe, (hop, room, cellar, vault, or other place of the perfon or pedum to whom any fech paw (haU be granted, within the time expreffed and limited in feck permit, and fuch tobacco, tobacco ftaiks, Speuijb, tobacco Adb for tobacco flalk flour, (miff work, tobacco ftalk flour, or (oof, (hall not within the time limited and expreffed in fuch permit he actually delivered and received into the houfe, waiehooife, workhoufe, (hop, room, cellar, vault, or other place of the pevfaaer perfbna to whom the feme is by feck permit aothorifed to te fent, then and in every fuch cafe all fuch tobacco, tobacco.(talks, Spsni/L, tobacco ftaiks fear tobacco ftalk flour, fnuff wook, tobacco ftalk flour, or fnuff, fo removed or ient away as afontfiad, (hall be deemed end taken to be tobacco, toi»eeo(blk%d^aajk

Permits not to be valid uolcfs

tobacco ftaiks for toflkcoo ftalk flour, fnuff work, flour, or fnpff, removed without permit.

CX1IL And be it further cmfled* That no permit-for tte

remove

9.3 Anno vicefimo nooo Georoii III. c. 68.	‘	771

aval of any tobacco, tobacco Aalks, , tobacco Aalks tbe requed obacco Aalk flour, fnoff work, tobacco Aalk Aour, or fnuff,

I be granted or be valid unlefs the manufacturer or manu- turers ordeal* urers of, or dealer or dealer* in, tobacco or (huff, requiring er» contain fame, (hall make and fend, or deliver to the proper officer or the particu* :e» of estcifc* by ffiba&aothorifed to grant fuch permit, a aeft note in wnnng, fpecifyinghts, her, or their own name \ames, aad alio tbe name or names of tbe perfon or perfons wboaa, and tbe place to which, fucb tobacco, tobacco Aalks, a^A, tobacco Aalks for tobaoeo Aalk flour, friuff work, tobacco k Aoqr, or Atuff refpeCtiveljr, is or are intended to be remov-the weight of aH inch tobeeeo, tobacco Aalks, Spanijb., to-xo ftatka for tobacco Aalk flour, fnuff work, tobacco Aalk or, and (stuff refpeCtively intended to be removed, and for tbe nosal of which fucb permit is required, and alfo the number of j calks or other packages containing fuch tobacco, tobacco Iks, Spanijb, tobacco Aalks for tobacco Aalk flour, (huff work, bacco Aalk flour, and fnuff refpeCtively, and whether the fame [pedively are or is intended to be removed by land or by wi> r, and by what mode of conveyance the fame reflectively are is intended to be removed} and if it be manufactured tobacco hich i# intended to be removed, whether 1 he fame is ffiort cut baccp, fbag tobacco, roll tobacco, carrot tobacco, or returns of >bacco; ana if it be fnuff intended to be removed, whether the tne ie Britijb fouff or foreign fouff, or Britijb (huff and foreign tuff mixed together; and if rhefewebe Britijb fnuff, whether le fame is Britijb rappee fnuff, Scotch fnuff, or brown Scotch tuff j and if the fame be foreign (huff, die name by wbicb the une is tnoA commonly calledaod,known} and if the lame be Witijb fnuff and foreign (huff mixed together, of what forts of tuff fuch mixture confifts, and the weights of each focb forts efpeCtively ; and if k be unmanufactured tobaoeo which is in-ended to be removed from the premifes of any manufacturer of nanufaCturers of tobacco to any mill, for the purpofe of being ut, tbe purpofe for which the feme is fo intended to be remov-:d} and if it be for the removal of any cat tobacco, cut by my cutter or cutters of tobacco for any other manufacturer or nanufaCturers of tobacco, or returns of fuch cut tobacco, which is or are intended to be removed from the mill where fach :ut tobacco (ball have been fo cut, back toebe premifes of the manufacturer or manufa&urere of tobacco from whence the unmanufactured tobacco cut into focb cut tobacco, (ball have been lent to fuch mill for tbe purpofe afore (aid, that foch cut tobacco or returns ia or are cut tobacco, and returns of fuch cut tobacco, returned by the cutter to the tobacco manufacturer, and the weight of (uch cut tobacco and returns refpeCtively, and alfo the weight of die entire quantity of the unmanufactured tobacco from whence the fame atofe, and the time when fbeh unmanufactured tobacco was received at fuch cutting mil) to be cut; and if they are tobacco Aalks for Spanijb, which are intended to bo removed from the premifes of any manufacturer or manufaCtur-



Anno vicefimo nono GeoRGII III. c. 68. [1789.

ers of tobacco, to any mill, for the purpofc of being manufactured into Spani/b, the purpofe for which the fame are fo intended® be removed; and if it be for the removal of any Spamft>, manufactured by any Spani/b cutter or Spani/b cutters for any ether manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco, or returns of furh Spani/b, which is or are intended to be removed from the raiM where fuch Spani/h (hall have been fo manufa&ured, had to the premises of the manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco, froa whence the tobacco (talks manufactured into fuch Spcmjb flu! have been fent to fuch miH, for the purpofe in that behalf afore* laid, that fuch Spani/b or returns is or are Spani/b, ary) reterra of fuch Spani/b, returned by the Spani/b cutter to the tobacw manufacturer, and the weights of fuch Spani/b and returns re-fpeCtively, and alfo the weight of the entire quantity of thews bacco (talks from whence the fame arofe, and the time wha fuch tobacco (talks were received at fuch mill to be manufacture! into Spani/b; and if they are tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk tor, which are intended to be removed froth the premifes of any ms nufaCturer or manufacturers of fnuff to any fnuff mill, fords: purpofe of being ground imo tobacco (talk 'flour, the (aid p* pofe for which the fame are fo intended to be removed, the tin: when the tobacco (talks were laid down for fuch tobacco M flour, and the quantity of tobacco (talks fo laid down; and if* be for the removal of any tobacco (talk flour ground by anyfac! miller or fnuff millers for any other manufacturer or mamrfa&p* ers of fnuff, from the tmll where the fame (hall have been grotroi back to the premifes of the manufacturer or manufacturersc fnuff from whence the tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk Bur ground into fuch tobacco (talk flour-(hall hate been fent to fa mill for the purpofe in that behalf aforefaid, that fuch tobxa (talk flour is tobacco (talk flour returned by the fnuff milkn the fnuff manufacturer, and the weight of fuch tobacco H flour, and alfo of the entire quantity of tobacco (talks for tobacr ltalk flour, from whence the fame was ground, and alfo the tiz. when fuch tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour were received) fuch mill to be ground; and if it be fnuff work which is mic& ed to be removed from the premifes of any manufacturer ore? nufaCturers of fnuff to any mill for the purpofe of being gran into fnuff, the faid purpofe for which the fame is fo intended" be removed, the time when fuch fnuff work was laid do«rn,rt| whether fuch fnuff work is fnuff work for rappee fnuff, fhs/ work for Scotch fnuff, or fnuff work for brown Scotch fnuff, & the quantities of tobacco, tobacco (talks, and returns of toba& refpedtively laid down in each fuch kind of fnuff work ; and '4' be for the removal of any fnuff ground by any fnuff miller or fed millers for any other manufacturer or manufacturers of fni from the mill where the fame lhall have been ground, badi the premifes of the manufacturer or manufacturers of fnuff tot whence the fnuff work ground into fuch fnuff (hall have fee fent to fuch mill for the purpofe in that behalf aforefaid, tat (flfh fnuff is fnuff returned by the (huff miller to the (buff

Digitized by

Google

773

] Anno vicefimo nono Georoii III. c. 68.

urcr, the weight of fuch fnuff, and alfo of the entire ity of fnuff work for rappee fnuff, fnuff work for Scotch or fnuff work for brown Scotch fnuff rcfpedtively, from cc fuch fnuff was ground, and the time when fuch fnuff was received at fuch mill to be ground ; and every permit Permits for i (hall be granted for the removal of any tobacco, tobacco removal of , Spanijb, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, fnuff tobacco, etc.

, tobacco (talk flour, or fnuff, (hall be made to correfpond j® al^particu* :fpe6t to the particulars aforefaid, with the requeft note \m wjth the" eon the fame (hall be granted; and all tobacco, tobacco requeft note,

s,	Spanijb, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, fnuff °T thc t0*

t,	tobacco (talk flour, and fnuff refpedtively, which may b/felzed be removed contrary to any permit granted on any wjth the requeft note, or wnich (hall be removed or carried caflci, &c.

er a defcription not conformable to this act, or under Jfe defcription, together with the cafks or other pack-; containing the fame, and the horfes, cattle, carts, boats, res, and other carriages ufed in the removal or carriage :eof, (hall be forfeited^ and the fame refpedliveiy (hall and f be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife; i if any tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanijb, returns of tobacco, acco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, fnuff work, tobacco (talk ir, or fnuff, removed under colour of any permit, (hall be ied by virtue of or in purfuancc of this adt, or if any action and if any 11 be brought by the owner or claimer of any fuch tobacco, aftion be >acco (talks, Spanijb, returns of tobacco, tobacco (talks for to- brought for :co (talk flour, fnuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or fnuff, thercof^th^ linft any officer or offlcers of the cuftoms or excife, or any proof (hall lie rfon adting in his or their affiftance for fuch feizure of any on the owner, :h tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanijb, returns of tobacco, to* bythc icco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, fnuff work, tobacco (talk	™

)ur, or fnuff, the proof of fuch tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanijb, ** turns of tobacco, tobacco (talks for tobacco ftalk flour, fnuff ork, tobacco (talk flour, or fnuff, being fuch tobacco, tobacco alks, Spanijb, returns of tobacco, tobacco (talks for tobacco alk flour, fnuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or fnuff, as is or are lentioned in fuch permit (although fuch tobacco, tobacco alks, Spanijby returns of tobacco, tobacco (talks for tobacco talk flour, fnuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or fnuff, (hall appear o have been kept in the officer’s books or account of the flock rom whence fuch tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanijby returns of . obacco, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, fnuff work, to-)acco (talk flour, or fnuff, was or were removed, by the denomination fpecified in fuch permit) (hall lie upon the owner or claimer thereof by the oaths of two credible witneffes, being (kilful and experienced perfons competent to decide by infpcc-tion and examination thereof,

CXIV. Provided always neverthelefs* and be it further Permitsnotto ena&ed, That no permit (hall be granted or be valid for the re- be valid for inoval of any unmanufactured tobacco (other than famples dc- t!*c rcmoval 4iwcd out of the warchoufc in manner hcrein-before mention-

cd) bacco from

Digitized by Google

774	Anno viceftmo nono GeoROII III. C. 68. £1789.

ofie pant to ed) from any part of this kingdom to any other part thereof, another of the except in the fame bogfhead, calk, chcft, or cafe in which dx of atto-B<>r^amc was'cleared and oelivered from and oat of the warehoofc Ka^rt| to* in which the fame was depofited, lodged, and fecarcd, accord* becco*ftalka, ing to the directions of this aft, with the fame marks and mia-«tc. but on- bers which were on fuch boglhead, calk, cheft, or cafe, at the htionir herein *‘n,e	^uc** c*earan^« and delivery; nor for the remoral of any

particulariz- unmanufactured tobacco (other than fuch famples) after the cd;	fame has been previoufly twice removed, (that is to fay) met

from the warehoufe in which the fame (hall have been depot* ed, lodged, and recured according to the directions of this *3, .and once more from the frock of the manufacturer or manufacturers of, or dealer or dealers in, tobacco, to whom the hate lhall be permitted, direCtly from fuch warehoufe to the frock forne other manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco; nor fa the removal of any cut tobacco, cut by any cutter or cutters a tobacco for any other manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco, from the mill where the fame (hall have been (6 cat u any other place, except back to the premifes of the manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco from whence the unman* faCtured tobacco cut into fuch cut tobacco (hall have been pa-mitted and font to fuch cutting mill for the purpofe of being e cut, .or in any quantity except the entire quantity of cut tobies cut from the whole quantity of fuch unmanufactured tobacco, fo permitted and Tent to fuch cutting miH for the purpofe a being fb.cut, or without the whole of the returns arifiog therefrom accompanying the lame, or with any other procefs or operation, except the prefling and cutting thereof, having been performed thereon; nor for the removal of aoy tobacco ftalb, Spani/b* or tobacco fralk flour, from any part of this kingdcc to any other part thereof, in the quantity of two hundred pound weight, or under, of tobacco ftalks, Spani/b* or tobacco flat flour, refpeCiively t nor for the removal gif any	mans*

faCtured by any	Spani/b cutter or gutters for	any oebe

manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco, from the mill whs: the fame (hall have been fo manufactured to any other plaa, except back to the premifes of the manufacturer or manunds-ers of tobacco from whence the tobacco (talks manufactured k-to fuch Spani/b (hall have been permitted and .feat to fuch u& for the purpofe of being manufactured into	nor	in	act

quantity, except the entire quantity of	manufacture

from the whole quantity of fuch tobacco ftalks received by bad Spani/b cutter or Spani/b cutters for the purpofe of being fo an* nufaCtured, or without the whole of the returns arifing therefrom accompanying the fame; nor for the removal of any s> bacco (talk flour or fnuff, ground by any (fluff miller or tad millers for any other manufacturer or manufacturers of fed from the mill where the fame refpeCiively (hall have been Cj ground to any other place, except back to the-premifes of fad other manufacturer or manufacturers, from whence the tefaaco {talks far tobacco fralk flour or (fluff work, ground hate fcc:

t0b3c.ii

Digitized by L^ooQle

Anno vicefimo nono Georoii III. c. 68.	77#

xo ftalk flour or fnuff, (hall have been permitted and Tent icH mill, nor in any quantity lefs than two hundred pounds or the entire quantity of tobacco flalk flour and fnuff lively ground from the whole quantity of fuch tobacco :s for tobacco ftalk flour and fnuff work refpeCtively, received ocH fnuff miller or fnuff millers for the purpofe of being and into tobacco ftalk flour or fnuff refpedtively, or with any er proccfs or operation, except the grinding thereof refpec-:ly, having been performed thereon refpedtively: and if any if to-nanufaCtured tobacco, other than fuch famples as aforefaid, r^ovedaMK 11 be removed or carried, by land or by water, from any part of trary hereto,

5 kingdom to any other part thereof, except in the fame hogf- it may be td, cafk, cheft, or cafe in which the fame was cleared and dell-ed as aforefaid, with the fame marks and numbers as aforefaid ^ d ^an*^ reon (whether a permit (hall or (hall not have been granted for officer ofthc h removal thereof;) or if any unmanufactured tobacco, after cuftoms or : fame has been previoufly twice removed as aforefaid, (hall be excife. lin removed or carried, by land or by water, from any part of s kingdom to any other part thereof (whether a permit (hall or all not have been granted for fuch removal thereof;) or if any t tobacco, cut by any cutter or cutters of tobacco for any other anufaCturer or manufacturers of tobacco, (hall be removed or rried, by land or by water, from the mill where the fame all have been fo cut to any other place, except back to the emifes of fuch other manufacturer or manufacturers of to-tcco, from whence the unmanufactured tobacco cut into fuch it tobacco (hall have been permitted and feat to fuch mill, for le purpofe of tying fo cut, or in any quantity, except the entire uantity of cut tobacco cut from the whole quantity of fuch nmanufaCtured tobacco fo permitted and fent to fuch mill for ac purpofe of being fo cut, or without the whole of the returns rifing therefrom accompanying the fame, or with any other rocefs or operation, except the preffing and cutting thereof, laving been performed thereon (whether a permit (hall or (hall lot have been granted for fuch removal thereof;) or if any to->acco (talks, Spanijb, or tobacco ftalk flour, (hall be removed or arned, by land or by water, from any part of this kingdom to iny other part thereof, in the quantity of two hundred pounds weight or under (whether a permit (hall or (hall not have been granted for fuch removal thereof;) or if any Spanijb, manufactured by any Spanijb cutter or Spanijb cutters for any other manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco, (hall be removed or carried, by land or by water, from the mill where the fame (hall have been fo manufactured to any other place, except back to the premifes of the manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco from whence the tobacco (talks manufactured into fuch Spa-mjb (hall have been permitted and fent to fuch mill, for the purpofe of being manufactured into Spanijby or in any auantity, except the entire quantity of Spanijb manufactured from the whole quantity of fuch tobacco (talks received by fuch Spanijb cutter or Spanijb cutters for the purpofe of being fo manufactures

r

*776

Manufacturers may finifh tobacco, or dry fnuff at mills, if the officer take an account of the lame.

Permits not to be for more than the quantity after tne tobacco is finiftied, and the fnuff work dried ^

If tobacco, etc. be not removed agreeable to permits, they muft be returned before the expiration of the time limited

Anno vicefimo nono Geougii III. c. 68. [178$.

ed, or without the whole of the returns arifing therefrom accompanying the fame (whether a permit (hall or (hall not have been granted for fuch removal thereof;) or if any tobacco flak flour, or fnuff, ground by any fnuff miller or fnuff millers for anj other manufacturer or manufacturers of fnuff, (hall be removed or carried, by land or by water, from the mill where the fame fhall have been fo ground to any other place, except back to the premifes of fuch other manufacturer or manufacturers of fnuff from whence the tobacco (talk flour or fnuff work refpeCtively, ground into fuch tobacco (talk flour, or fnuff repeCtivciy, (hail have been permitted and lent to fuch mill, for the porpofe of being fo ground, or in any quantity lefs than two hundred pounds weight, or the entire quantity of tobacco (talk flour and (huff refpeCtively ground from the whole quantity of fuch tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour or fnuff work refpedivelj, received by fuch fnuff miller or fnuff millers for the purpofe of being fo ground into tobacco (talk flour or fnuff refpeCtively, or with any other procefs or operation, except the mere grinding thereof, refpeCtively, having been performed thereon rcfpe&ivdy (whether a permit (hall or (hall not have been granted for fact removal thereof;) all fuch unmanufactured tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spani/h, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, fnuff work, tobacco (talk flour, and fnuff refpeCtively, together with the hogfheads, cafks, chefts, cafes, and o;ber packages, containing the fame refpeCtively, and the horfes, cattle, boats, barges, and carriages ufed in fuch removal or carriage thereof, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife.

CXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained (hail extend, or be conftraed to extend, to prevent any manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco or fauff from (loving or finifhing tobacco, or drying fnuff work, at anj cutting mill or fnuff mill, provided that the proper officer or officers of excife (hall have liberty, and be allowed to weigh and take an account of fuch tobacco or fnuff work, after fuch tobacco (hall have been (toved or finifhed, or fuch fnuff work (hall have been dried: and provided alfo. That fuch manufacturer or manufacturers (hall not be intitled to or receive a permit or permits for the removal of.any greater quantity of manufactured tobacco or fnuff, than the weight of fuch tobacco or fnuff work refpeCtively, after fuch tobacco (hall have been fo (toved or finifhed, or fuch fnuff work (hall have been fo dried.

CXV I. And be it further enaCted, That if any permit or permits (hall be granted by any officer or officers of excife to any manufacturer or manufacturers of, or dealer or dealers in, tobacco or fnuff, for the removal of any tobacco, tobacco flafc, Spani/b, returns of tobacco, tobacco (talks for tobacco (bit flour, fnuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or (huff from one part of this kingdom to any other part thereof, and if within the time limited by fuch permit or permits refpeCtively for that purpofe, fuch manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, to or

for

1789.] Anno vicefimo nono Georgii III. c. 6&	777

for whom fuch permit or permits (hall be fo granted, (hail not for removal, either actually and really fend away all the tobacco, tobacco ?ni>iCntailt3r °* talks, Spanijb^ returns of tobacco, tobacco (talks for tobacco va^of the talk flour, (huff work, tobacco (talk flour, and fnuff, by fuch tobacco, etc. permit or permits authorifed to be fent away, purfuant to the ;rue intent and meaning of fuch permit or permits, or in default of fo fending away fuch tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanijb, xturns of tobacco, tobacco (talks for,tobacco (talk flour, fnuff work, tobacco (talk flour, and fnuff, (hall not, before the expiration of the time limited in and by fuch permit and permits efpedtively for the removal of fuch tobacco, tobacco (talks,

Spanijb) returns of tobacco, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk Sour, fnuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or fnuff, from and out of :he flock of the perfon or pcrfons taking out fuch permit or permits, return fuch permit and permits to the officer or officers who granted the fame, then, and in every fuch refpedive cafe ind cafes, fuch manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or lealers, to whom fuch permit or permits, or for whofe ufe fuch )ermit or permits (hall have been granted, (hal), for all fuch * obacco, tobacco (talks, Spanijb, returns of tobacco, tobacco talks for tobacco (talk flour, fnuff work, tobacco (talk flour, ind fnuff refpeCtively mentioned in fuch permit or permits, and lot removed according to the purport thereof, forfeit treble the ralue of fuch tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanijb, returns of tobacco, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, fnuff work, tobacco (talk flour, and fnuff refpeCtively, to be eflimated according to the bed and highefl rate or price which tobacco, tobacco talks, Spanijb) returnrof tobacco, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk lour, fnuff work, tobacco (talk flour, and fnuff refpeitively,

>f the belt quality of that kind, (hall be worth in London at the ime when (uch forfeitures (hall be incurred; and if fuch permit er a°d *f not f° >ermit$ (hall not be fo returned as aforefaid, and in cafe in taking in account by arty officer or officers of excife, of the (lock of to- a >acco, tobacco (talks, Spanijb, returns of tobacco, tobacco flalks creafedoes or tobacco (talk flour, fnuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or fnuff, re- not appear to naming in the flock of fuch manufacturer or manufacturers, or ^^ent^of lealer or dealers, from or out of whofe flock the tobacco, tobacco permits,a talks, Spanijb) returns of tobacco, tobacco flalks for tobacco (talk like quantity lour, fnuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or fnuff, mentioned in fuch may be feix->ermit or permits, (hall be thereby authorifed. to be removed, cd* here (hall not appear a fufficient decreafe to.anfwer the removal of he tobacco, tobacco flalks, Spanifi» returns of tobacco, tobacco talks for tobacco (talk flour, fnuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or huff refpedtively, mentioned in fuc^ perpait or peomirs respectively* then and in fuch .cafe the refpedtive manufacturer or nanufaaujrers, or dealer or4 dealers, from or out of whofe flock ueb tobacco, tobacco flalks, Spanijb^ returns pf tobacco, tobaccd talks for tobacco (talk flour, fnuff work, tobpcco (talk flour, or nuff rcfpedtively, mentioned in fqch permit or permits* (hall be uthonfed to be removed, Jhall forfeit the Jike .quantities of to->acco, tobacco'(talks, SpaniJ}*, returns of tobacco* tobacco Stalks o	*	-	-	'' '	for

778	Anno	vicefimo	nono Gsonoil III. c. 68. {1789.

for tobacco (talk flour, fnuff work, tobacco ftalk flobryirtJfmff rcfpedively, fo permitted to be removed,' aod not rtfnbvetfic-cerding to fuch permiflion, to be feised and taken by the officer* of exciJe, or any or either of them, out of any tobacco, tobacco (talk*, Spamijb, returns of tobacco, tobacco ftalks for tobacco'ftalk flour, fnuff work, tobacco ftalk flour, or frraff, of Ac denomination given in fuch permit or permit* to the tobacco, tobacco ftalks, Spmi/b, return* of tobacco, tobacco ftalks for tobacco ftalk flour, fnuff work, tobacco ftalk flour, or fnuff, fb authorifed to be removed, aod then in the cuftody or pofleffion of fuch manufadurer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, forfeiting the lame.

Manufc£tar- CXVII. Provided always, and be it further enadtd, That 00 manufacturer or manufadurers of tobacco, not being affo a SeaJer»*not dealer or dealer* in tobacco, duly licenfed as fuch according to to fend’out the directions of this ad, (hall be entitled to any permit for, or manufactured (hall fell or fend out any manufactured tobacco, Spamjby or re-tobacco, etc. turns of tobacco, lefs in quantity than four pounds weight-; nor theqoantitiet **»y nwnufadurer or manufacturers of fnuff, not being afe neran fped- * dealer or dealers in (huff, duly licenfed as fuch seconding is fied, on pc- the diredions of this ad, be entitled to any permit for, or dell natty of sot fell or fend out any (huff left in quantity than two poinds - weight; and if any fitch manufadurer or manufadurers of tobacco, not being alifo a dealer or dealer* in tobacco, duly licenfed as fuch as aforefaid, (hall fell or fend out any manunfturd tobacco, SpMuJb, or returns of tobacco, lefs in quantity than four pounds weight; or if any fuch manufadurer or manufadurersot (huff, not being alfo a dealer or deader* in fnuff, duly licenfed as fuch as aforefaid, (hall fell or fend out any fnuff lefs in quantity than two pounds weight: every (beh manufadurer or maeflfx-tarers lb offending (hall, for each and every fuch offence ftfcfck the fum of twenty pounds.

No tobacco, CXVIII. And be it further enaded. That no tobacco, to-brauebttato ^,cco	Sptnijb, tobacco ftalks for tobacco ftalk floor,

any houfe, fnuff work, tobacco ftalk flour, or fnuff, (hall be brought into etc. of a ma- any houfe, warehoufe, workboufe, (hop, room, cellar, vault, ot nufafturer or other place, made ufe of by any manufadurer or ’mans-out rpermit" ^Aurers of, or dealer or dealers in, tobacco or (huff, without on penalty of flrft giving notice thereof to the officer of esccife under wheft it* forfeiture, furvey fuch manufadurer or manufadurers, or dealer orded-with the calk, erg, (hall then be, and without an authentick permit grated WetheTiJue ,0^ given according tothe diredions of this ad, being pruned of the to- ai>d with the officer of excife under whole (urvey fed Ipcco, etc. manufadurer or manufadurers, or dealer or dealers. Hum then be, on pain of forfeiting all fuch tobacco, tobacco ftalks, Sptip tobacco ftalks for tobacco ftalk flour, (naff work, tobaetbflrt flour, and fnuff refpedivdy, lo brought in withont fuch Mtis, or without fuch permit, together with the calks aid otheryad-ages containing the (knee; and fuch tobacco, tobadeb «db, Spa*i/b, tobacco ftalks for tobacco ftalk flour, foeff hrott^to* baccoftalk flour, and fnuff rdpedivcly, together Niththc calk) or

•• •' other

Digitized by booQle

8 9-3 Anno vjcefimo nono Georoii III. c. 68.

779

ier packages containing the fame,, fhall and may be fcized by y officer qt officers of excife; and the manufaAurer or ma-ia&urers of, or dealer or dealers in, tobacco or fnuff, into lofc houfe, warehoufe, workhoufe, (hop, room, cellar, vault, other place, any fuch tobacco, tobacco ftalks, Spanijb, tobacco Iks for tobacco ftalk flour, fnuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or uff* (hall be fo brought, (hall forfeit treble the value of fuch bacco, tobacco ftalks, Spanijb, tobacco flalks for tobacco (talk mr* fnuff work, tobacco ftalk flour, or fnuff refpeAively, to be binuated according to the heft and higheft price which tobacco, bacco ftalks, Spanijb, tobacco ftalks for tobacco ftalk flour, uflf Work, tobacco ftalk flour, or fnuff, (hall be worth or (hall 11 for in London at the time when fuch forfeiture (hall be in-jrrod.

CXIX. And be it further enaAed, That no tobacco, tobacco No tobacco, alks, Spanijb, tobacco ftalks for tobacco ftalk flour, fnuff work, £e rc“ >bacco ftalk flour, or (huff, (hall at any time (five as herein- ^yVpiace°m her is mentioned) be removed or. carried from any part of this without the ingdoro, not being within the limits of the weekly bills of mor- limits of the dity, or of the chief office of excife in London, to any place b51!9 mor." rithin the faid limits; nor (hall any tobacco, tobacco ftalks, office^Lon-pamjb, tobacco ftalks for tobacco ftalk flour, fnuff work, to- don, to any acco ftalk flour,or fnuff (fave as hdrein-after is mentioned) be place within amoved or carried from any part of this kingdom, not within *hofe limits $ he limits of either of the ports firft herein-before enumerated, o any place within the limits of cither of the port9 firft herein- the limits of lefore enumerated, or within two miles thereof; and if any to- the ports >acco, tobacco ftalks, Spanijb, tobacco ftalks for tobacco ftalk berein-befbre lour, fnuff work, tobacco ftalk flour, or fnuff, (hall be Found enumerated, emoving or carrying, or removed or carried contrary to the within or** rue intent and meaning hereof, whether with or without per- within two nit, the fame, together with the hogfheads, calks, chefts, and miles of thofe >ackages refpeAively containing the fame, and alfo the veffds on ind boats, and the horfesand other cattle, carts, or other carriages forfeiture employed in removing the time, fhall be forfeited, and may be with the * eized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife.	caflts, 8cc.

CXX. Provided always. That no &panijb> which fhall have but not to scerv m?nufa&ured by any Spanijb cutter from tobacco ftalks extend to the received by him, accompanied with a legal permit, from any 1^1 removal atlw manjufaAurejr of tobacco, for the purpafe only -of manu- °le8 ^eacin Ea&uring the fame into Spanijb^for or <uv account ot fach other fpecifkd, tnanufaAurer, nor of any cut. tobacco which fturfl have been cut tyy any cutter of tobacco from tobacco received by him, ac-	<

s^mpanied with a legal permit, from any other mantifoAurer of \ • ob^coo, for the purpofe only of cutting the fame for or On ac-w>ui^of fuchoaher maimfiaAaror, nor any tobacco ftalk flour which ft>all have been ground i>y any fnuff miller from tobacco QaM^rweeived by him, accompanied witlva4egal permit, from apy other manufcAurer of fnuftVfor ehc purpose only*of grinding into tobacco ftalk flour, forrorxx\ dccuiurtl offbch other ma-UufaAoret of fnpff, nor ^y^o^ which (bitt havd been* grdond , Vol. XXXVI.	Fff	by

yio	Anno	victGmo nono Georgii 111. c. 6$.	£

by any (buff miller from any fmiff work received by him* accompanied with a legal permit, from any other manufa&urer of fnuff, for the purpolc only of grinding the fame into (huff, for or on account of fuch other manufacturer, nor any bogfbead, calk, cbeft, or package, containing any fuch Spani/b, cut tobacco* tobacco (talk flour, or. fnuff, or the veflcl, boat, horfe, cattle, -cart, or other carriage employed in removing the fame, (hall be forfeited for or by reafon of the return of any fuch Spcmjby cot tobacco, tobacco (talk flour, or fnuff, by any fuch Sp**r/b cutter or fnuff miller, from his entered mill fituate at any part of ibis kingdom, not within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or of the chief office of excife in London, or from any part of this kingdom not within the limits of cither of the ports firft herein-before enumerated, to the entered premifes of the manufacturer of tobacco or fnuff, from whence fuch tobacco, tobacto ftalks, or fnuff work refpe&ively, were or was received for tbe purpofe in that behalf aforefaid, fituate at any place within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or of the chief office of excife in London, ,or at any place within the limits of either of the faid ports, or within two miles thereof, provided that fucb Spanijh, cut tobacco, tobacco folk flour, or fnuff, (hall be fore-turned, accompanied with a permit, according to the dire&ioas I of this a<3; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary ' thereof in anywife notwithfonding. or of fnofF CXXI. Provided alfo, That nothing herein-before contained fcrf^yth€ 01811 cxtend> or be deemed or conftrued to extend, to make it manuta urcr. un]awfuj for aDy manufacturer or manufa&urers of fnuff to fend for fale, by permit granted according to the directions of this * adt, any (nuff manufactured by him, her, or them, from any part of this kingdom to any other part thereof; any thing here-in-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwitb-(landing.

Manufatfur- CXXII. Provided alfo, and be it further enaCted, That any era or dealers manufacturer or manufacturers of, or dealer or dealers in to-tobacco'oif1 bacco or fnuff, who (hall have received into his, her, or tbeir fnuff received dock any tobacco or fnuff removed according to the dire&tont into their of this aCt, accompanied with a legal permit, (hall fee caufe to ftoc*» t0 thc return,the fame to the perfon or perfons from whom he* (be*or whom^y"1 *bey rcc^ved the feme, then and in every fuch cafe fuch raapa-received it, faCturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, (hall be at liberty under the re- within forty-eight hours after he, (he, or they (haU bavere-gulations ^ ceived the fame tobacco or fnuff into his, her, or their (lock, id * herein ipcci- gjve twcivc hours notice in writing to the officer of excife under 9	whofe furvey he, (he, or they (hall then be, of his, her, or tbar i

intention to return fuch tobacco or fnuff, and (hall in fuch notice exprefs the true.caufe and occafioft for returning the feme; and fuch officer (hall, and is hereby required to attend, and. examine fuch tobacco or fnuff; and when and fo foon as fuchoC-cer (hall have examined the. fame, and taken an account bftbt quantity and quality thereof, fuch manufacturer or manufcs&Br-ers, or dealer or dealers, (hail forthwith, in the prefenct of /ud

officer,

Digitized by t^ooQle

^{/•I Anno viccfimo’noiioGtOROillll. C.68i	*	781

oMcer^ repack fuch tobacco or fnuff, and fhall immediately; of within half an hour after the coming of the faid officer, and in the prefence of the faid officer, write on the outfide of the package in which the tobacco or fnuff fo intended to be returned (halt be, in large legible characters, as well his, her, or their own chriftian and furname, or the known name of his, her, or theft firm, as alfo the chriftian and furname of the perfon or per-fons, or the known name of'the firm or company from whofei (lock the fame tobacco or fnuff was received, and likewife th*

words, Returned Tobacco, or Snuff‘d as the cafe may require; and fuch officer (hall thereupon underwrite on the package his own chriftian and furname, and mark the faid package with fome • mark or number; and then, and not before, the proper officer ofextife (hall grant a permit to accompany fuch tobacco or fnuff fo toTbe returned, in which permit (hall be ekprefled the quantity and quality of the tobacco,or fnuff fo to be returned, the caufe ^nd occafion of returning the fame, the mark or number put bri the package, the chriftian and furnames both of the perfon or per fons from whofe ftock fuch tobacco or fnuff is removed, and of the perfon or per fons to whom the fame is to be returned, and alfo the time for which fuch permit (hall be in force; and if any fuch tobacco or fnuff be found returned, or in but if found ;>art returned or returning, without fuch permit as aforefaid ac- "turned or :ompanying the fame, or if fuch tobacco or fnuff be found re-urn&d, or in part returned, or returning, to any other perfon mit, kc.may ar perfons than the perfon or perfons from whom fuch tobacco be feized,

>r Inuff had been firft received, or if the tobacco or fnuff re- an<L^ic- **5^ urned, or in part returned, or returning, with fuch permit as t0 ftwtcU 5 * iforefaid, be not the identical tobacco or fnuff which had been * eceived as aforefaid, without any addition to, fubftraflion from,

>r alteration of the fame, then, and in each and every fuch cafe, uch tobacco or fnuff, with the hogfheads, calks, cherts, cafes,

.nd packages whatfoever containing the fame, (hall be forfeited, ind the fame refpe&ively (hall and may be feized by any office*

>r officers of the cuftoms or excife, ind the perfon or perfons eturning the fame, contrary to the true intent and meaning of his provifo, (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

CXXIII. And be it further enafled, That if any tobacco of If four lb. our pounds weight, or upwards, or any fnuff, of two pounds °f tobacco or weight, or upwards, or any tobacco ftalks, Span\Jh% tobacco two lb. of* alks for tobacco ftalk flour, fnuff work, or tobacco ftalk flour, fnuff or up-laU be found removing or carrying from any one part of this ward*, dr any ingjdom to any other part thereof, unlefs af fuch times as erein-after mentioned, (that is to fay), from the twenty-ninth ^ foundVe-ay Of September to the twenty-fifth day of March yearly, between moving from Hours of fever* in the morning and five in the evening, andfirom one part of id twenty-fifth day of March to thetwenty-ninthday of Septepib& th€ kingdom early, between the hours of five in the morning and feven in the p°r*D^cept vemhg (except the fame is removing or carrying by a known com- at the time* lohftage cbach, waggon* or other ftage carriage, which ufbally herein fped-

avtl odt of thofc hours, or by water, by a (hip* veffel, or boat, fad* to be '	Wf/	forfeited wifli

' Fffa	ufua,1>	thcca(k,6cc.

Digitized by njOOQIC

?8a

If any perfon without a permit, or if any hawker with a permit, (hall offer any tobacco. See. for fale, he (hall forfeit it, with the packages, and alfo acl.

and the per* font to whom It is offered may detain it, and bring the parties before a juftice, See.

and they (hall be entitled to the lame rewards as officers of' the cuftomi or excife.

CoTWTnffton-ers of the cuf-toms and excife may caufc three*

, A»po vjwfttw popa Cporgii HI. c. 6$.	[178^

Usually levigated, in the fair courfe of trade, out of thofe hours) all inch tobaccp, tobacco (talks, Sfxwijh, tobacco (talks for to* bacco ll^Lk flour, fouff work, tobacco (talk flour, and (buff rfe* (jpe&ivdy, together with the boglheads, ca(k$, chefts, cafes, and packages	the	fame (whether the fame be accompa-

nied with a permit or not) and all * boats, carts, carriages, horfe^ and cattle, made ufo of ip the removing or carrying the fame, (full be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the curtains or excife.

CXXIV. And be it further ena&ed, That if any pfrfon or

Serforu (hall offer any tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spaai/k? tobacco alks for tobacco (talk flour, fnuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or lnuff, to falc, not having a permit for the fame, or if any hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or any other trading perfon or perfons, going from town to town, or to other men's houfes, and trading either on foot or with any horfe or hories, or other cattle, or otherwife, (hall offer any tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanijh, tobacco fttfk* far tobacco ftalk flour, fnuff work, tobacco folk flour, or fnuff, to fale, although fuch hawker, pedlar, or trading perfon or perfons, (hall have a permit for the fame, fuch perfon or perfons, hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other trading perfon or perfohs (hall forfeit ail fuch tobacco, tobacco ftalks, §pamjb, tobaepo (talks for tobacco (talk Sour, fnuff work, tobacco (talk flour, and fnuff, together with the packages containing the fame refpe&ively, and alfo the futn of twenty pounds; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for ail and every the perfon and perfons to whom the fame (hall be fo offered to fale, to (top, arreft, feize, and detain all fuch tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanijbr tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk floor, fnuff work, tobacco (talk flour, fnuff, and packages, and carry the fame refpc&ivcly to the next warehouse belonging to the cuftoms or c*cife, and to bring the perfon and perfons Tb offering tl\c fame to fale before any one of his Majefty's juftices of the peace, who (hall thereupon commit fuch perfon and perfons fo brought before him to prifon, that fuch perfon and perfons may be profccuted for fuch penalty incurred for fuch offence; ana fuch tobacco, tobacco (talk,s, Spanijb, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, fnuff work, tobacco fialk flour, and (buff, (hall and may be profecuted.in the like manner as if the fame had been feized by any officer of the cutloms or excife ; and *fter the condemnation thereof, and commitment of the offender or offenders, the perfon or perfons fo feizing the fame as afore-faid (hail be entitled to the fame rewards, in every refpe^Vas any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife would have beta entitled to, if fuch feizure had been made bv any fu>:h officer or officers, and the faid commiffioners of the cuftoms and a-cife refpeftively, (hall pay, or cauie the fame to be paid accordingly ; and in Cafe fuch perfon or perfons fo feizing any fact tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanijb? tobacco (talks for tobacco (bft flour, fnuff wofk, tobacco (talk flour, or fnuff, (hall <iefire it, the faid rcfpe<ftive cptpmiffioners (hall, In the rircan rime, tili 0.................................. *	?	*	1	ibz

Digitized

i by Google

Anho vroefihio nonb Gfeok&n III. t. 6& %	^83

the fame can be fold or difpofed of atcbVdirig ttx the tfi'eitfbnspence for 6f tt>is i<fi caufe three-pence for every pburid of tobacco, <bb4c- ,b* co, ftalks, Spanijb, tobacco ftalks fot tobaccb ftalk floUt, frhfff” prized *0’ wprk,, tobacco ftalk flour, or fnuff, fo feized, t'O be paid 6r tfd- be paid, till yarited to fuch perfon or pelrfons, upon a certificate under tiife it can bt dif-hand arid feal of fuch juftice or juftices, of fuch offender or of- Polctl °*>ctc# fenders being cbihinittcd to prifori; arid after the falfe df rt&h tobacco, tobaccb ftalks, Spani/h, tobacco ftalks for tobacco ftalfc flour, fnuff work, tobacco ftalk flour, or fmiff (if the fame frail be fold), the ttiofiies fo paid or advanced frail be replaced but of Ihe produce oF fuch fale.

CXxV. And be it further enadted, That if any pirfdh or Perfont forg-perfohS tohatfoever frail counterfeit of fdtge, Or caufe or protute inB p««its, to be counterfeited or forged, any permit for the removal Of any	or	€1

tobacco, tobacco ftalks, Spariijb, returns bf tobacco, tobacco * ftalks for tobacco ftalk flour, fnuff work, tobaccb ftalk flour, or fnuff, from any part of this kingdom to any othfcr part thereof, and for the removal of V/hich a permit is fey this adt required; br if any perfon of perfons frail kriowingly or willingly give any falfe or untrue permit for fuch removal cf tbbadco, tobacco ftalks* Spanijbr returns of tobacco, tobacco ftalks for tobacco ftalk flour, fnuff work, tobacco ftalk flour, or fnuff, of frail ,. knowingly or willingly accept or receive any falfe or untrue permit with any fuch tobacco, tobacco ftalks, Spanijh, retutnS of tobacco, tobacco ftalks for tobacco ftalk ftour, fnuff work, tobacco ftalk flour, or fnuff, removed, or to be removed as aforc-faid;or if any perfon or perfons frail fraudulently alter or erafe any fuch permit, after the fame frail have been given or granted . by tlie proper officer or officers of excifc; or if arty perfon or perfons frail knowingly or willingly publifh or make ufe of any .	^

fuch permit fo corirtterfeited, forged, falfe, untrue, altered, or erafed; every perfon or perfons fo offending frail, for each ahd * every fuch offence, feverally forfeit the fum of fivfe hundred pounds.

CXXVl. And be it further enabled, That upon every adtion, and on every bill, plaint, or information, entered or filed in any of his Ma- j!^,on tor jefty’s courts of record at Wef.minjler^ or court of exchequer ih ^ defend^* Scotland, for the faid penalty of five hundred pounds, a Capiat in ants (hallpive the firft procefs dial I or may iflue, fpCcifying fuch periahy; and fuiftcient bail, the defendant or defendants (hall be obliged VO give fufficient bail, by natural-born fubjects, perfons naturalized, or deriizehfc, to the perfon or perfons to whom fuch Capias thall be dir'c&ed, to appear in the court out of which fuch Capias frail iflife, at the day of the return of fuch writ, to arifwer fuch foit qr prosecution, and frail likewife, at the time of fuch appearance, give * iutecierit bail or fecurity in the raid court, to $nfw‘efarid pay fuch penalty or penalties of five hundred pounds, in Cafe he,

(be, or they (haft be convi&ed thereof, or to yield his, her, or their body or bodies to prifon.

CXXVli. And be ft further enacted. That upon the expor- On exporta-tation of any Ih6rt cut tobacco, frag tobaec‘0, toll tobkeeb, ‘and hon of any

F f f o	.,rrAf	^OTt CUt tO-

* ** 3	carrot	bacco, etc.

Digitized by vjOOQIC

784	Anno vioefimo nono Georgii HI. c. 68. [ *78^

manufactured carrot tobacco, refpedtively maruifaftured at either of khe pert* at any of the ffrft herein-before enumerated, or within two miles thereof, before enu” fr°m tobacco which (hall be delivered for home trade, edrtfomp-merated, or tion, or tnanufadture, out of the warehoufe or warfchoufe in within two	which the fame (hall be depofited, lodged, and fecUTed^ accord-

mi,CS *“*810 diredlions of this act, and exported as merchandize bey*oiid*fo,	any	the	P°rts herein-before enumerated, by the

except Faro licenfed manufacturer or manufacturers who manufactured the and Ferro, feme, to any port or place beyond the feas, except the iflinds tu:reJdAkC ^aro tn<*	under	and	fubjedt	to	the	rules, regulations,

cuftomdraw- reftridtions, and provifions herein-after mentioned, over and backs follow- befides fuch of the rules, regulations, reftri&ions, and provifions ing, via. as are not repugnant to this a6t, and are now commonly prac-tifed or enforced by the officers of the cuftoms upon the exportation of manufactured tobacco, in order to obtain the drawback or drawbacks upon the exportation thereof, there (hall be paid and allowed, in the fame manner as the cuftom drawbacks upon the exportation, of manufactured tobacco are now paid and allowed, the feveral cuftom drawbacks herein-after mentioned; (that is to fay),

For every lb. of fhort cut, 6d.

For every lb. of (bag. 6d. For every lb. of roll, 6d.

For every lb. of carrot, 6d.

For every pound weight of fuch (hort cut tobacco fo exported, a cuftom drawback of fixpence:

For every pound weight of fuch (hag tobacco fo exported, a cuftom drawback of fixpence:

For every pound weight of fuch roll tobacco fo exported, a cuftom drawback of fixpence:

And for every pound weight of fuch carrot tobacco fb exported, a cuftom drawback of fixpence.

ut?onC*obe CXXVIII. And be it further enadted. That fuch exportation under the* °f fuch fhort cut tobacco, (hae tobacco, roll tobacco, and carrot rules herein tobacco, refpedlively fo manufactured and exported as afbrefaid, preferibed, as (hall be under and fubjedt to the rules, regulations, reftridtiom, ™1eVnowC an<* Provifi°ns herein-after mentioned and preferibed (over and pradtifed on hefides fuch of the rules, regulations, reftridtions, and provifions the exports- as are not repugnant to this adt, and are now commonly pradtifed tion of manu- or enforced by the officers of the cuftoms upon the exportation fa&ured to- of manufactured tobacco, in order to obtain the drawback or acco*	drawbacks upon the exportation thereof), that is to fay, fuch |

;t	manufacturer or manufacturers intending to (hip and expert

any fuch (hort cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, roll tobacco, or carrot tobacco, refpeCtively, (hall, when any fuch (hort cut tobacco* (hag tobacco, roll tobacco, or carrot tobacco is intended '*0 be packed up for exportation, give fix hours notice in Writing, ia cafe fuch (hort cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, rdH4obadC6,06r carrot tobacco is intended to be packed up within the limit* of the chief office of excife in London, and twelve hour9 rrOtfce hi writing, in cafe fuch (hort cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, ro!P tobacco* or carrot tobacco is intended fo to be packed up hi any > place put of (ho hud limits, in Griat Brit#*, erf his, her, or their in--	tentioa

Digitized by

^npo^cfimo nonoGJSQKGJilfL c. 68.	785

tenfi^a to Aip ftich, (hort cot. tobacco, (hag tobacco, rofl to^ftCOj or ca,rrot tobacco for exppfUtioo, and ofLtht time and place when and where the fame is intended to be packed ujv, a^d of the enumerated pert from whence the. fame-is intended U*be exported to the proper officer or officers of extile, and of the pqrt or place to which the fame isrintended to be exported, and of the quantity thereof, respectively, fa to be shipped and exported; and fuel) officer,or officers (ball attend to fee fuch (hort cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, roll tobacco, and carrot tobacco, refpeftiveiy, packed up for exportation, and the fame reflectively (hall be packed up in the prefence of fuch officer or officers, and (hail be fecured with fuch faftenings, and fealed with fuch Seals or marks, and in the manner, as the faid re-fuedtive commiffioners of excife, or the major part of them, for the time being, (hall from time to time diredt; apd the officer or officers of excife who (hall have feen fuch manufactured to* hacco packed up, (hall weigh and take an account of the quantity of fuch (hort cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, roll tobaccp, and carrot tobacco, refpe&ively, fa intended to be exported, and fuch officer or officers (hall make, a return thereof to the officer 1 who (hall be appointed by fuch refpe&ive commiffioners of ex-cif$, or the major part, of them, to receive the fame At fuch of the ports 'firft, hergin-before enumerated, and alfo to the fearcher pr fearchers ofjthe customs at fpefe port, from which fuch (hort cut tobacco,.(hag tobacco, roll tobacco, and carrot tobacco, re-fpofliyely are Intended to be exported ; and fuch manufacturer or,manufacturers intending to (hip any fuch (hort cut tobacco,

(h^g , tobacco,, roH tobacco, or carrot tobacco, for fuch exportation, (halfgiye fix hours notice, in writing, wixbin the.limits i>f the faid chief office, and tw^lMC hours notice in writing in 9fl}«j; places in Gnat Britajy, of-t^p time and place of (hipping '	‘

fuch fliort cut tp^cco, (bag tobacco, roll tobacco, and .carrot tobacco, rcfpedhycjy, unto fuch;officer or officers of.excife of * thp place where the fame (hall(hipped* and of the* name of the (hip or vefleUn which the fciftc is, refpeclively intended to be ibipped and exposed, and of the matter ,qr other perfon having or taking the o}iargp pf command thereof,/ and of the particular port or place to whi^h fuch (hort cut tpbacco* (hag tobacco, roll t^ba^coj and carrotf tobacco* refpeffiwdy arc. intended to be exported, and of the quantity thereof respectively fo to be (hipped,and exported: and if any. fuch (hort cut tobacco* antf ifarty (bag tobacco,* roll tobaccp, pr carrot tobacco, fo intended no be tobacco For paSfcejdup for expprtation, (hall opt be begun to be fo packed nStbe up, or if any fuchfhort cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, roll tobacco, begun to be or carrot tobaocQ, fo intended to be exported, ,(hall not be packed up, or oegun to be (hipped, at the rcfpefljye .time* mentioned for the p»pped,with« e(pq<5Hve purppfes aforefeid, in (hch nodow aforefaid, pr within o“ the time )ne hour after fuch refpe&i^e times* then fuch rcfpedtive notices fpccified in ball be void, and the like iefpe<5tive notices in writing (hall be the notice, a igaux given unto fpeh officer or officers,, previous to the packiog ^Ih F?tice ip of &ch (hort cut toba<;cq» fhag;tobaccp, roll tobacco* or car- mua be^lvca*

F f f 4	rot

786

Short cut to*

bacco and Spanifti, manufactured in

Anno vicefirao mono Gfofcan UL c. fa , [178$; tot tobacco, for exportation, or previous to the (hipping cf any fuch (hort cut tobacco, (bag tobacco, roll tobacco* or cam tobacco for exportation, as the cafe may require.

CXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That all (hort cut tobacco, and Spanijby manufactured in Great Br*m%

_ _ ________and mixed together as hcrein-after mentioned for exportation.

Great Britain, (hall, for the purpofe of exportation, be deemed and taken to be and mixed (hort cut tobacco within the meaning of this*#, and there (hall for exports- pajd ancj an0WC(j upon the exportation thereof the fame allowed the drawback as is by this a<5t granted or payable for or in refped of fame draw- (hort cut tobacco manufactured in Great Britain, and exported back as (hort as aforefaid, provided the weight of the whole quantity cf the cut tobacco, ftjort cut lobacco entered at one and the fame time, by one itid the fame perfon, for fuch exportation (hall equal or exceed foot times the weight of fuch Spanijb; and fuch (hort cut tobacco, and Spanijby refpe&ively, (hall be fevendly and Separately weighed by the manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco intending to export the fame, in the prefence of fuch proper officer or officers of cxcife, and fuch Spanijb (hall, immediately after fuch weighing, be mixed with foch (hort cut tobacco, or fome part thereof, in the prefence df fuch proper officer or officers, and immediately after fuch mixing (hall be packed up fdr exportation, and (hipped and exported, under, fubje&, and according to the rules, regulations, reftriftions, and proviftons hereinbefore prelcribcd with refpedt to fhortcut tobacco* (hag tobacco, roll tobacco* and carrot tobacco for exportation;* and if in any mixture of (hort cut tobacco and Spanijb for ertj>ortation, the mm 01 me Spanijb Contained in the whole quantity of fhort put tobacco, whole! it fhail enured at one and the fame time, by one and the fame perfon, be forfeited, for fuch exportation, (hall be More than one fifth part of tfc weight of fuch whole quantity of (hdrt cut tobacco, the whole d fuch (hort cut tqtpcco and Spanijb, together with the hog(bea6, calks, chefts, calls, and packages whatfoever, containing the fame, (hall be forfeited, and the fame re£pc£kivcly fhall and caay be feized by any officer or officers df the cuftoms or eatcife.

CXXX. And be it further ena&ed. That if any ptrfon or perfons, fave and except the proper officer of cxcife at the enumerated port of exportation, (hall open any fuch pacte after the faiufc (hall have bedn'fd fecured and fealed as aforefaid, or (hall wilfully deftroy, damage, or deface fetch feal or mart every fuch perfon or perfbnk fo offending Qali, for -every foefe offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

CXXXI. And be it fuhher enadted, That no drawback ftJ be allowed for any manufactured tobatcowhich is or (hall be mixed with rubbifh or dirt, ot any other Ingredients, matter g thing whatfoever, not neceflaryor ufual irt the Manufadurk thereof; and every perfon who (hall enter ot (hip !for exportation or caufe to be entered or (hipped for exportation, any man* fa&ured tobacco mixed With rubbifh or dirt, or with feny othe ingredients, matter or thing whatfoever, qr who (hall enter act

provided the weight of the (hort cut entered at once for exportation (hall equal 4 times the weight of the Spanifti, etc.

but if the Spaniih (hall exceed one fifth of the

with the packages.

If any perfon, but the proper of-.hcer, (liall open any fealed package, etc, he fhall forfeit 50).

PeHbns entering for exportation

tobacco m Sard with rub-bi fh, etc. to forfeit the fame, with the packager,

*very «jkf°r thlDSlar exj>orttiion as tobacco, #hjcfr o^oq examination to

*	an

Digitized by

Google

* Ahttii vTce(imo riono Georgii til. c. 6$.	ySf

>IBt?6r. or officers of the cuftoms or excife, (hall appear not !

; %c*Bacco, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof^

Forfeit all filch goods, and the hoglbeads, cafes,, chcfts,,

, 'a¥id other packages containing the fame, and alfo the fuin 16hundred pounds for every hogfhead, cafe, cheft, cafe, or r jAcfeage thereof.	...

XXXlF. And be it further ena£tcd,That if any roll tobac- Roll orcar. of ^xportafipn (hall be found to contain more than ten Jot tobaCco ids weight of water or ingredients, other than tobacco, for Jfo^coState-y one hundred* pounds weight, or if any carrot tobacco for, \ng more illation (hall be found to contain more than twenty pound* than the rht of water or ingredients, other than tobacco, for eyery j>ne qualities idred pounds height of, fuch roll tobacco or carrot tqbaccp ^ofVatcr* ►e&ively, then all fych Toll tobacco and carrot tobacco re- Ctc. tobd: * * lively tttall be forfeited, and (hall add may be feixed by any forfeited*

:cr or officers oftlie cuftoms or excife.	»

✓XXXin. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That Before fbtp- , h manufacturer or manufacturers of any fuch (hort cut to-P’D8 co, fhag tobacco, roll tobacco, or* carrot tobacco, (hall alfy ore the (hipping tkd fame, give bond to his Majcfty, his por‘tati0n, rs arid iuccinbrs, with two other fufficient fureries, of which bond to be i matter or other perfon having or taking the charge or com- g^en for its ind of the ihip or yeflel in or on board which fuch (hort cut jatcb, (hag tobacco, roll tobacco, or carrot tpbaesp refppc* mtrebandife ely, is intended to be exported,, jha.ll be one, fuch furety, to the place . tifcf thaii fuch matter or other perfon, to be approved of by fptctBed in e *efpe<ttive commillioners of excife ip England apd Scotlandf,	xlot*cc*

the major part of them refpeClively, or the proper officer or € c*

Beets of excife, in treble the amount of all the duties intended bt drawn back on fuch exportation of fuch fhort cutlcBacco, ag tobacco, roll or carrot tobacco refpe&ively, that fuch (hort jt tobaqco, (hag tobacco, roll tobacco, or caurot tobacco re?

•e&ively, and every part thereof, (hall (the dangers of the feat id themies excepted;, be (hipped and fairly exported as tner* landize to, and landed in the port or place to which the famt tfpe&ively is in.fucb notice in that behalf herein-before directed > be given, declared to be intended to be exported, and (hall otA>e exported or carrieq to any other plac^ or country what?

^ver, and (hall not be unfhjpped, unladen, or put on board ny othcf (hip, veflel* or bo^t ir> Of eat Britain ((hip wreck or rther unavoidable incident accepted), nor relandcd in Groat >

Britain) or	or	jthe	inlands	of	Gutrnftys	Jtrfey*

(fldihiey^ of . uniefc entered and (hipped out for the faid ,

(lands refpc&ively, according to this a&, or the iflandj of Faro )f Firro; which bond the properrifficer of excife of fuch of the pbfts hefeiri-before enumerated, frpm whence fuch (hort cut to* aac£p, (hag tobacco, roll tobacco, or carrot tobacco refaeftively, ftiatt be exported, is hereby directed to take, in his Majfcfty's na^afe, *rtd fo his Majefty’s ufe* and the exporter (hall jrffo, be*

TOre Ae .ttiipplng of any fuch (hortt cut tobacco, (liag tobacco, rQtl tobiCco, or carrdt tobacco fefpe&ively, make oath that he

believes

Digitized by Google	-

788	Anno vicefimo nono Georgii ill* c♦

believes the duties upon fuch tobacco have beta fully paid^ which oath they the refpeftive cotnmiflioners of exofe^, or any one or more of them for the time being, are, and the proper officer of excife for the time being is, hereby authorifed and re* and within quired to adminifter; and fuch refpeftive commiffioners of ex* a month after cife, or any one or more of them, or fuch proper officer, being the exporta- fat’rsfied ot the truth of fuch oath, (hall, within one month after , thtTcommif- l^c a<^ua* exportation of fuch (hort cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, ftoners of ex- roll tobacco, or carrot tobacco refpeftively, give to the exporter cife, etc. to thereof refpeftively a certificate or debenture, cxpreffing the give a debcn- feveral quantities of fuch (hort cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, rd cxiK>rter*C	tobacco, and carrot tobacco refpeftively, and that all the duties

*	hereby impofed on fuch tobacco have been paid for the fame,

and that bond, vjith fufficient fecurity, hath been given beta: which being the (hipping the fame for the exportation thereof; and fuch cer-produced to tificate or debenture being produced to the colleftor of excife of ofexdfc °f ^ucl1	Porls	before	enumerated,	from	whence	Caen

at the port of^*h°rt cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, roll tobacco, and carrot tote* (hipping, he co refpeftively, were fo refpeftively exported, he (hall forthwith (halt pay the pay or allow the perfon or perfons fo exporting the fame, outd foftowing viz exi,^c duties by this act impofed on tobacco, the follow^

# drawbacks of excile; (that is to fay).

For every lb. For every pound weight of fuch (hort cut tobacco fo export-of ihort cut ed, an excife drawback of nine*pence:

Forever 9ib* ^or every pound weight of fuch (hag tobacco fo exported, v oftoag &d. * excife drawback of eight-pence farthing:

1-4th.	For every pound weight of fuch roH tobacco fo exported, 2

For every lb. excife drawback of nine-pence : .

For^ver^'lb And ^or cvie?ry Pound weight of fuch carrot tobacco foexpor-of cairot^W' e<^ an exc*fe drawback of eight-pence:

If the col- and if fuch collBftor of excife (hall not have money in his ham le&orshave to pay the feme, then the refpeftive commiffioners of excife a the commif-	and Scotland refpeftively arc required to pay fuch dn*

fionert to pay ^ac^s out of the money in their hands, sirifing from the exei drawbacks. duties by this aft impofed, for or in refpeft of tobacco. Officers may CXXXIV. Provided always, That it (hall be lawful fords open fuch to- officer attending the (hipping of fuch manufaftured tobacco, thC	<*ccm lt expedient, at the port or place of exportation

portatiorTto t0 °Pcn anc* c*a®me fuch manufaftured tobacco as (ha)l be if examine it; pafcked, in order that he may be fatisfied that fuch manU&fam tobacco is the fame that is deferibed in the account to femto the officer in whofe prefence any fuch manufaftured tobacn was fo packed up.

and if after CXXXV. Provided alfo. That if after the (hipping of fh*?/h*1lt. fuch manufaftured tobacco, and the giving fuch fccurit;i cd* 0r put " af°refajd, in order to obtain any drawback by tbit aft grant* into any other the fame manufaftured tobacco, or any part thereof* (ballk ▼cflel within unihipped, unladen, or laid on land, or put into any other (hip the kingdom, vcflel, or boat within this kingdom, ((nipwreck or other c:*

avoids

Digitized by Google

•3 Anho vkefimo nono Georgii ITI. c. ,6$.

abl£r ^ccidctit excepted), that then, and in every fuch cafe, ifo&Wteove the penalty of th^ bond vfrhrch (hall bb levied' ecoVered to his Majefty’s ufe, all fuch manufactured to-ivrh&Ch ^fhall be fo unmipped, unladen, or laid ori land, or ntd'any other. (hip, vefle?, or boar, within Gnat Britain wr£ek or other unavoidable accident excepted), or the : thereof, (hall be forfeited, and fuch tobacco fhalT and may ia&ed by any officer or officers of the cuftofris or exdife. XXXVI. And be it further enabled, That fuch laft-men-rd^bbnd fo to be given (hall be difeharged in manner herein-mentioned; (that is to fay) for fuch of the faid manufac-d'tobacco as mall be entered for exportation for or landed he kingdom of Ireland, or the iflands of Guernfty, Jcrfey, rney, 6r Sdrf> upon the produ&ion, to the collector or othef f officer of the excite of fuch of the ports herein-before moated from Which fuch manufactured tobaeco was ex-ed; of a certificate, firch production thereof to be within fix tths frotp the date of fuch bond, teftifying fuch landing of i trianufadhired tobacco there; upon the like production of ke certificate, within twelve* months for fuch manufactured acco as thalfbe fo entered for, or landed in, any other port or :e in Eutdpe (other than the iflands of Faro and Ferro), or in t port or place in Afia or Africa, dr within the (freights of Tdttdri upon the like production of a like certificate, within htedn months for fuch manufactured tobacco as (hall be fo ;erc<f for, or landed in, any of his Majefty’s colonic's, planta-ns, iflands," or territories in America or Africa, or the United tesdf AnteHra;‘ arfd upon the like production of a like certifi-e, within'twenty-four months for fuch manufactured tobacco fhitt'be fo'entered for, or landed in, any port or place at or yond the Gape of Good Hope-, atid fuch certificates refpectively • fuch manufactured tobacco as (hall be landed in any port or ice where any officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms fhM! refident^ fhall be figned by the proper officer or officers of his ajefty’s cuftoms there, ancKf no officer of his Majefty’s curia* fhdll be refident in fuch port or place where fuch manu-tured tobaccb fhal! be landed, fuch certificate (hall be figned t the Btitijb conful, or other perfon acting as fuch there, and no officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms or Briti/b conful, or other irfon "acting as fuch, fhall be refident at fuch port or place here fuch manufactured tobacco fhall be landed, fuch ccrtifi-ire (hall btttader the common feal of the chief magiftrate of ich port or place, or under the hands and feals of two known W/fjft^merchiiYts then being at fuch port or place at which ich manufactured tobacco (hall be fo landed; or fuch laft-men-idhed bOnd or bonds fhall be difeharged upon proof, in any or tfhef 6f the faid cafes, that fuch fnariufadtured tobacco was akfctv by ehemiefc, or perifhed in the tea, or by fire, the ex-ifriinaironand proof thereof being left to the judgement of the aid bomAattlidners of excife in England and Scotland for the time "f ’-'d	;	r	• *	beiner-

7*9

it fhall be forfeited.

How bonds given for the exportation of (hortcut tobacco,etc* (hall be difeharged. #

> • T

^90	Anno vicefimo nono GeoRGII III. c.68.

being, refpcflivcly, or the major part of the fai4cMUBft£fieaan refpcfliveiy for the time being.

Perrons	C&XXVII.	And be it further enabled. That if soy peribs

counterfeit- or perfons (hall forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procaitjD U <atesCfor the	or counterfeited, any certificate by this a& reposed for

difeharge of	the difeharge of any bond or bonds given, entered mto,<reK»

bonds, etc.	cutcd for the exportation of any tobacco as by this ad is re-

to forfeit	quired; or (hall produce to any colle&or or other chief office

*°°	of the cuftotns, or to any collector or other officer ofcxdfe,a

make ufe of any forged, counterfeited, falfe, or untrue certific*, as and for any certificate by this adi required for the of any fuch bond or bonds; or (hall connive at any inchcerta-cate being fo forged or counterfeited, or at any fuch font, counterfeited, falfe, or untrue certificate being (o produced <r made ufe of; all anc| every the perfon and perfons Jb 0 (hall, for each and every luch offence, feverally forfeit thsk of two hundred pounds*

This ad not CXXXVIII. Provided always* and be it further cm&l importation6 ^bat nothing in this a«5i contained (hall extend or be coolbg*: or exporta- to extend to permit or allow (unlefs otherwife permuted or »>• ti on of tobac- lowed by this a eft) any tobacco or fnuff to be imported imocr co» con^?r.y exported from Great Britain, in any way or manner axitnqt fore" onOft. aay or°fparliament in force on andimmdiatdybete 10,1789* un- the faid tenth day of October one tbouland ferea hundWt* lefs otherwife eighty-nine.	,

oermitted CXXXtX. Provided alfo, and be it further eaaM,Th *crc,n> nothing in this a& contained (hall extend or be coo&ued too a%-awbacIT ten4 t0 a^ow a drawback upon the exportation of tobaoco^ wher^not al- any port or place to which a drawback was not allowed tynyt: lowed by law or a<5ts of parliament in force on and immediately beta & at that period, faid tenth day of October one thoufand feveu hundred mdeight* nine.

Tobacco, etc. CXL. And be it further ena&ed, That all tobacco, tofacc under feizure, ftalks> Spatiijb, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, faoff sort hereafter be ^ tobacco (talk flour, and (huff refpedively, which is or ire ®* feized , fhall under feizure, or which (hall or may be feized on or before fit he depofited tenth day of October one thoniand feven hundred and oghtr* in the ware- nmc> by any officer or officers of the cufioms, or which dull« ^dedumkr fe*zc** a*tcr commencement of this a £t by any office or <x this a^t, etc, cers of the ctxfioms or excife, under or by virtue of this or ac;

, other all or a&s of parliament in force at the comaunceottic I this a fl, or which (hall afterwards be made, (hall, after &ccw demnation thereof rcfpedlivelv. and before thefami^pefiiMlf, or any part thereof, (hall be fold, burnt, ordeftrayedtbefo^ and deposited, lodged, and fecured until the fame (hill be and burnt, or defiroyed, in the warehoufe or wirehosfofe#* provided according to the directions of this ti khd# . ...... ports herein-before enumerated as (hall be oeaieft

by officers of where fuch feizure refpe&ively (hall be made; sad the Wo* the cuttoma raiflioners of the cuftoms in England) or any fear cr m i

to*

Digitized by

Google

>-'3 Anno vjcafimo nono Georgii III. c. 68.

9 fof the time being, and the faid commiflioners of the cu* ft	ixf Scotland,or any three or more of them, for the time

i,	ihaii, and they are hereby refpetftively authorifed and retd fO caufe i|l fuch tobacco (except tobacco of the growth, uAkta, or manufacture of the plantations or dominions qf w or Portugal\ or of the growth or production of Ireland, or i/fajcfty's colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories in Arne-or the united dates of America) and all fuch tobacco (talks, I/h% tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flopr, fnuff work, an<) cco (talk flour, refpeCtively, as (hall be fo feized by any fuch er or officers of the cuftoms, to be burnt and deftroyed, and ive fuch officer or officers by whom the fame refpeCtively

I	have been fo feized, fuch pecuniary reward as they the faia eAivecommiffioners of the cuftoms (hall think proper, fuch ard not exceeding three-pence per pound for each and every nd of fqeh tobacco (except as aforefaid), and of fuch tobacco fcs, Spanijb, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, fnuff work, i tobacco (talk flour refpeCtively, which (hall be fo burnt or troyed; and alfo, if any fuch tobacco of the growth, pro-:lion, or manufacture of the plantations or dominions of Spain Portugal* or of the growth or production of Ireland, or his ijcfty’s colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories in America? the united dates of America, can be fold for fo much money as

II	be equal to, or exceed, the duties by this aCt impofed for or rcfpeCt of tobacco of the famfc kind, which (hall be delivered • home trade, confumption, or manufacture, out of the ware-iufe or warehoufes in which the fame (hall be depoflted, lodg-, and fccqred, as aforefaid; or if fuch fnuff, being foreign uff, cart be fold for fo much money as will be equal to, or ex-cd, the duties by this aCt impofed for or in refpeCl of fnuff of e fame kind which (hall be delivered out of fuch warehoufe or

791

may be burnt (except Spa-nifh tobacco, etc.) by order of the com-miflionera of the cuftoms, who are then to give a pecuniary reward to the feizer.

If fuch Spa-nifh tobacco, etc. or fnuff cao be fold for the prices herein-mentioned, it may be fold, and the feizer rewarded with a moietv of the produce.

arehemfes; or if fuch fnuff, being Britijh fnuff, can be fold for

ie (hilling and three-pence per pound weight, caufe fuch tobacco

\A fnuff refpe<5tively to be publickly fold, and to reward fuch

Steel* or officers of the cuftoms, by whom fuch tobacco and

luff refpedively (hall have been fo feized, with one moiety of

le money (after deducing the charges of feizure, condemna-

on, and Me) for which fuch tobacco and fnuff refpe&ively (hall

e Cp fold ; and in cafe, upon any fuch tobacco or fnuff being put But if, upon

p or offered to publick fale, no perfon or perfons (hall offer or Putt,IJSltup

»d for the fame refpe&ively fuch fum or fums of money as will

>e equal to, or exceed, fuch duties or fum of money refpectively, it duties fhould

hall and may be lawful to and for fuch commiffioncrs of the cu- notbeoffered,

toms Tpfpe&ivcly to caufe fuch tobacco and fnuff refpedlively to jtmaybe

)e burnt and deftroyed, and to give fuch officer or officers fuch dcr oVthe^

pecuniary reward as they the faid refpettive commiffioncrs of the commiflion-

:uftoms (hall think proper, fuch reward not exceeding three- ers, etc.

petfeeprr pound for each and every pound weight of fuch to^

bac$o and ftwjff refpe&ivcly which (hall be fo burnt or deflroyed; Com mi (Eon-

and tfceftid eommiffioners of excife in England and Scotland re- crsofexcifcte

fpsfllvety, or the major part of them refpeftively for the time

being? cuftoms, with

Digitized by

Google

79*

refpeff to fci* sure* made by oldie officers.

Rewards hereby autho-rifed, to be in l*eu of all claims, except pecuniary penalties.

Anno viccfimo nono Georgii III. C.61K fVy!

beings (hall, and they are hereby refpcttively authorHcd andr quired to caufe all fuch tobacco (except as aforefitd^wttchlH; be fo feized by fuch officer or officers of excife, and fedttpf 27 depofited, lodged, and fecured as aforefaid, in fuch wircWfei warehoufe* as aforefaid, and all fuch tobacco (talks, Spmjh} t bacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, fnuflf work,and tobacco fa flour, refpedtively, to be burnt and deflroyed, and to giveftK officer or officers of excife, by whom the fame rcfpe&irdjOn have been fo feized, fuch pecuniary reward as fuch rdjx&’i commiflioners of excife (hall think proper, fuch reward note ceeding three-pence per pound for each and every poundoffut tobacco (except as aforefaid), and of fuch tobacco (talks, Spsr tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, fnuff work, and tobao: ftalk flour refpedlively, which (hall be burnt ordeflrovd; c alfo* i£ any fuch tobacco, of the growth, produdtion, onnr. failure of the plantations or dominion of Spain or Pert of the growth or production of Ireland, or his Majefty'sccfer ? plantations, iflands, or territories in America, or the united lbs of America, can be fold for fo much money as will beqeah or exceed, the duties by this aCt impofed for or in refpc&ob bacco of the fame kind, which (hall be delivered for horns confumption, or manufacture, out of the warehoufe or ft* houfes in which the fame (hall be depofited, lodged, and Ikes as aforefaid, or if fuch fnuff, being foreign fnuff, can befell * fo much money as will be equal to, or exceed, the duties by* aCt impofed for or in relpcCt of fnuff of the fame kind, it lhall be delivered out of fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, <x fuch fnuff, being Britijh fnuff, can be fold for one (hJfe* three-pence per pound weight, caufe fuch tobacco and feej (peCtively to be publickly fold, and to reward fuch officerer| cers by whom fuch tobacco and fnuff refpe<5Hve1y tei r been fo feized, with one moiety of the money (after dtfJ the charges of feizure, condemnation, and fate) for which! tobacco and fnuff refpedlively (hall be fo fold $ and in caM fuch tobacco or fnuff being put up or offered to pubfckl no perfon or perfons (hall offer or bid for the fame rtf fuch fum or fums of money as will be equal to, or exc duties or fum of money refpedlively, it (hall and may belt and for fuch commiflioners of excife refpedlively, or the I part of them refpedlively, to caufe fuch tobacco and fhaffq lively to be burnt and deftroyed, and to give fuch officer4 cers fuch pecuniary reward as they the faid refpedtive < fioners of excife, or the major part of them refpe&ifc think proper, fuch reward not exceeding three-pence /*rl for each and every pound weight of fuch tobacco ah6 a fpedlivcly which (hall be fo burnt and deflroyed as lift aftj which faid rewards refpedlively (hall be in lieu of all rtwrj lowances, fums of money, and claims whatfoever, to whi fuch officer or officers of the cuflotns or excife Was, ▼! (hall be entitled by virtue of any filch adl of adl$Vothertl pecuniary penalty or penalties, for or in rcfpedl of fdei tfl

Digitized by boodle

JJ Anno viceGmo nono Georgii III. c. 68,	793

ziOt(kil\t>%9SpaniJb, returns of tobacco, tobacco (talks for to*

>	iialk flour, fnuff work, tobacco (talk flour, and fnuff, re* ivcly.

(ta* Provided always, andhbe it further enaftpd, That if Officer* fciz* officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife (hall feize any to->, tobacco (talks, Spanijb, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk fciz'jng the , fnuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or (huff, as forfeited by vcfiVhetc or or any other aft or afts of parliament in force at the com- pot difeover-cement of this aftf or which (hall afterwards be made, on in&thcPart*5* d any (hip, veflel, or boat forfeited by fuch aft or afts, and bc^juedVo not feize and profecute the (hip, veflel, or boat in-or on, fuch reward d which the fame (hall have been imported, brought, found, only as the uzed 3 or if any officer or officers (hall feize any tobacco, to- commiffion-ro (talks, Spanijb, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, fnuff o^cxcife fhall k, tobacco (talk flour, or fnuff, which (hall have been un- think proper, ped, landed, removed, or carried contrary to law, and (hail alio feize and profecute to conviftion the (hip, veflel, boat, re, cattle, cart, or carriage made ufe of in removing, carrying, onveying fuch tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanijb% tobaccp (talks tobacco (talk flour, and fnuff work, tobacco ftalk flour, or ff, if fuch (hip, veflel, boat, horfe, cattle, cart, or carriage, li be forfeited by fuch aft or afts, by reafon of being made of in the removing, carrying, or conveying fuch tobacco, toco (talks, Spani/by tobacco (talks for tobacco ftalk flour, fnuff rk, tobacco ftalk flour, or fnuff, and (hall not atfo difeover to v commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms or excife refpeftively i perfon or performs concerned in the unfhipping or receiving h tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanijb, tobacco (talks for tobacco Ik $our, fnuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or fnuff, or from lom fuch feizures were/efpeftively made, fo that he, (lie, or ry may be profecuted to conviftion for the penalties incurred law for fuch offences, fuch officer and officers (hall, in each d every (pch cafe, in lieu and in (tead of all and every reward d rewards by this aft given or granted to him or them upon s condemnation of any fuch leizuce, be entitled only to :h reward as they the faid commiflioners of cuftoms in Eng-%d% or any four or more of them for the time being, and the id commiflioners of the cuftoms in Scotland, or any three or ore of them for the time being, or the faid refpeftive commif-mersof excife, or the major part of them, refpeftively, as the ft. may require, (hall think fit, fuch reward not exceeding three ilfpence per pound for every pound weight of tobacco, to-icco (talks, Spanijb, tobacco (talks for tobacco ftalk flour, fnuff ork, tobacco ftalk flour, and fnuff, which (hall be liable to be umt or deftroyed, according to the directions of this aft, not iccecding one fourth part of the money, after deducting the targes of feizure, condemnation, and fale, arifing from the fale f tobacco and fnuff refpeftively, which (hall be fold according

>	the directions of this aft, any thing herein-before contained

) the contrary thereof in any wife nolwithftanding; and the faid Reward* tobe rfpeftiyf commiflioners of the cuftoms and excife (hall, and they

'	aro	impofed. ^

Digitized t)y vjOO^IC

burning to bacco, etc.

794	Anno	vicefimp	npno	Georgii	HI.	c.0.	[ijjj,

arc hereby refpeftively authorifed to pay or edetohe^gdi fuch rewards out of any money in the bands pf tbd^theai refpeftive commiffioners of the cuftoms and cxciferrij arifing frpm the-duties of cuftoms or excite by this as the cafe may require.

Scfearet CXLII. And be it further enafted, That all feizum to-when ware- bacco ftalks, SpctjiJb, tobacco ftalks for tobacco ftalk fax, W wor^» t^acc0 Aaik flour, and fngff refpeftively, whichMbi the itrfpe&lon	lodged,	or	fecured	in any warehoufeor iqrcho^fc

of the officers to be provided as aforefaid, that! be under and fubjtd to ihcis-•fthecnftoms fpeftion and examination of all tjie officers of the cuftoms d andexdfe,etc. CXcife refpeftively, and fhall be fubje<9 to the fame rules, rtjt-lations, reftriftions, and provifions (other than andoaytds payment of duties by this aft impofed,) to which tobacco, tobacco ftalks, Spanijb% tobacco ftalks for tobacco ftalk {qc, fnufF work, tobacco ftalk flour, and /buff, arc fubjefi bj ffe of this aft.

The comrnif* CXLIII. And be it further enafted, That the laid cunusi: firr3t°r. (loners of the cgftoms in England for the time being,orw ▼tde ktlns for four or more of thcm? and the faid commiffioners of thccc-toms in Scotland for the time being, or any three or ok a them, (hall, and they refpeftively are hereby authorifedjsdfr

Siired, out of any of the duties or revenues of cuftoens uz® eir management refpeftively, to ereft and provide hemtin to time a proper kiln or kilns in each and every fuch v»arf»« foto be provided as aforefaid, for burning and deftroyiqgfou tobacco, tobacco ftalks, fnufF work and fnufF, as fhall be bon. or deftroyed according to the direftions of this ad?.

Vcflele feized CXLIV. And be it further enafted, That all (bios,^ tinder any aft an(j boats whatfoever, which (hall be feized and conmnda any caufe of forfeiture under or by virtue of this or injotic adapted tot he »ft or afts of parliament in force at the commencement of tb purpofeiof aft, relating to tobacco, tobacco ftalk flour, or fnufF, and whic fmu^eling, to (ball appear to the commiffioners of the cuftoms in In the man- any f°ur or more of them for the time being, or to ifocim-fioners of the cuftoms irt Scotland, or any three or more pftbes for the time being, (in cafe the fame fhall be feized by it]dicer or officers of the cuftoms,) and to the commifliocers of a cife in England and Scotland refpeftively, or the majunfit \ them refpeftively for the time being (in cafe the kmc (to feized by anv officer or officers or excife,) to be p#io& adapted to tfie purpofe of fmuggling, ftiall be difpoWoU follows; (that is to fay,) The hull of every fuch (h^«fc or boat, mall be broken up, and the materials of every hull, together with the guns, ammunition, tackle, Mtrc and apparel, belonging to fuch fhip, vefiil, or boat, .Ito fold to the beft advantage, and the produce arifing tbcrtfac (the cofts and charges of the feizure, profecufion, breaking and fale thereof, being firft deducted) (hall be divided,oocnxXP to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefor*, vi other moiety to fuch officer or officers as /hail

ner herein prescribed,

and the produce divided between his Majefty and the officer.

Digitized by ^ooQle

tySg.J Anno vicefimo nono GeoRGII III. C. 68.	795

thc facoe; and the faid refpeltive commiflioners (hall alfo re- Such officers ward the officer or officers who (hall feise.any fuch (hip, veflel,to b* **• or boat, the hull whereof (hall be fo broken up, with fuch futn herdn men-or Aims of money as they the faid refpe&ive commiflioners (hall tioned. think fit, not exceeding ten (hillings per, ton for fuch veflels and boats refpe&ively as (hall be more than four tons accord-ing to legal admeafurement, and not exceeding forty (hillings for fuch vefiels and boats as (hall not be more than four tons according to legal admeafurement, fucb rewards refpcc-tively to be paid by the faid refpeftive commiflioners, out of any money in their hands refpcdtively, arifing from the duties by this adl impofed; and in cafe it (hall appear to fuch Vefifels fo commiflioners refpedively, that fuch (hip, veflel, or boat which feized, and (hall be fo feized and condemned (hall not be particularly not adapted adapted to the purpofe of fmuggling, it (hall and pnay be lawful to and for fuch commiflioners refpedively, to order fuch (hip, produce veflel, or boat, together with her guns, ammunition, tackle, divided be-furniture, and apparel, to be fold to the bed advantage, and the tween his produce arifing therefrom (the cofts and charges of the-feizure, profecution, and fale thereof being firft deduced) (hall be divided, one moiety to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to the officer or officers who (hall feize or fue for the fame.

CJCLV. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any fuch (hip, veflel, or boat (hall be neceffary and fit for	c

the fcrvice of his Majefty in his royal navy, it (hall and may be tobeio lawful to and for the faia commiflioners of the cuftoms in Eng- difpofedof. land, or any four or mote of them for the time being, or to the commiflioners of the cufloms in Scotland, or any three or more of them for the time being, and to and for the faid comraiffion-ers of excife in England and Scotland refpe&ively, or the majpr part of them refpe&ively, if they (hall think fit, to caufe the fame, together with her guns, ammunition, tackle, furniture, and apparel, to be fold to the officers appointed by the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commiflioners of the admiralty Dr of the navy, for that purpofe, and the produce arifing from uch fale (the cofts and charges of the feizure, profecution, and ale thereof, being firft deduced) (hall be divided, one moiety *

:o his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to he officer or officers who (hall feize or fue for the fame; and if my fuch (hip, veflel, or boat (hall be found fit to be ufed by iny of the officers of his Majefty** revenues of cuftoms or ex-ife, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch commiffion-rs refpeftively to caufe fuch (hip, veflel, or boat, together virh her guns, ammunition, tackle, furniture, and apparel, o be lifed in th£ fervice of his Majefty’s revenues of cuf-oms and excife refpe&ively as the cafe may require, the offi-er of officers who feized fuch (hip, veflel, or boat, being firft >aid by them the faid refpeftive commiflioners one moiety >f the value of fuch (hip, veflel, or boat (the cofts and charges Vol. XXXVI.	Ggg	of

Digitized by

Google



Hit Maiefty’i

(hare of lieizurei to be paid into the exchequer.

79$	Anno	yitfefimo none Georg n HI* c. 6fr. [1789,

of the feizure and profecuthm thereof being firft deduced*) any thing in any fuch aft or aftt contained to the contrary thereof in any will notwithstanding.

CxLVI. And be it further enafted, That the (aid coauni£» fioners of the cuftbms in England and Scotland refpeftively, and the laid commiffioners of excife in England and Scotland rdpec-tively for the time being, (hall, and they are hereby refpeftmfy authorifed and required to pay or caufe to be paid ail the money anting to his Majefty from fuch foies into th$ receipt of his Ma-jefty’s exchequer at WtJlminJler, as the d[uties of cuftoms and excife refpeftively by this aft impofed are dire&ed to be paid in there, without diftinguifhing the fame from fuch duties, md the fame (hall be carried to and made part of the fund called fit Confolidated fund*

CXLVII. And be it further enafted. That no officer of tbe cuftoms (hall be entitled to any reward given on the feizure of any tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanijb, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, (huff work, tobacco (talk flour, or fnuff, or on tbe feizure of any (hip, veflel, boat, horfe, cattle, cart, or carnage, . made ufe of in the removal, carriage, or conveyance of any fach notice at^he* toba^co» tobacco ftalks, Spanijb, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk next office of flour, fnufF work, tobacco (talk flour, or (huff, by virtue of tkk or any other aft or afts of parliament in force at the commencement of this aft, or thereafter to be made, unlefs notice of lock feizure be by him given, within twenty-four hours next after fuch feizure, at the next office of excife, or to the fupenrifor or other officer of excife of the diftrift where fuch feizure (hall be

No officer of the cuftoms to be entitle to any re war for a feizure, unlefs in aa hours there

excife, or the fupervifor or officer of the diftrift, who is to take an account of

the feme, and made; and fuch fuperrifor or officer of excife is hereby direfted, w{uch muft ^ on fuch notice, to take a particular account of the kind, and ed without°a* quantities of all fuch tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanijb, tobacco permit. (talks for tobacco (talk flour, fnuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or fnufF refpeftrvrely, fo feized ; nor (hall any fiicb tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spamfcy tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, fnuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or fnuff, be afterwards removed without a permit figned by the proper officer or fupervifor of excife of-the place or diftrift from whence ftich tobacco, tobacco ftalfcs,$f*~ nijby tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, fnuff work, eobocca (talk flour and fnuff refp^ftively, are or is to be removed, on* der the penalty of fuch tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanijb, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, fnuff work, tobacco (talk flout, and fnuff refpectively, together with the hogfheads^ cafe chefts, cafes, and packages refpeftiyely containing the feme, being forfeited, and the feme rcfpeftively (hall and may be fobbed by any other officer or officers of the cuftoms, or by apy officer or officers of excife.

SSfc^aviS CXLVIII. And be it farther enafted^ That it (hall apd my on board vef« ** lawful to and for the officers of excife, or any of them* tagP fels within on board and enter into any (hip or veflel ^hatfcewer wfach four leagues (hall be within the limits of any of tbe ports of this kingdom, to fearchfor * *°UT leagues of the coaft thereof* end tQ continue on tobacco, etc. board the fame, and to examine and fearch fucb flaps airf fjrf-

Digitized by

Google

i ?8$<] Ann* vicefimo norto GboroiI UL o» 61,

fd*refpofttvely; for til tobacco, tobacco flalks, (obaccO folk floor, andiimff, whatfoever, and to feize, for hit Majefty’s^lf, all Aich tobacco, tobacco (talks, tobacco folk flour, and fnutf, rdpeftireiy, there found, as by this aft, or by dfty law or lairs in force at the commencement of this aft, (haH be forfeited,.,together with the hoglheads, calks, chefts, cafes, and other packages containing the fane, tod etfo foeh (hip of veflel if the fame fhati be forfeited, for or on account of any fitch tobacco, tobacco flalks, tobacco ftalk flour, or fnuff.

CXL1X. And be it farther ent&ed, Tbit if any perfon or Perfon* eb-perfons whatfoever (hall aflault, refill, oppofe, mcfeft, obftruft, ftruftingof-ov binder any officer or officers of the cuftotn* or excife in the aool. due execution of this or any other ad or afts of parliament in force at the commencement of this aft, or thereafter to be made, relating to tobacco, tobacco flalks, tobacco ftalk flour, or Chuff, or of any of the powers or authorities by any fuch aft or afts of parliament given or granted to any fueh officer or officers; or fhaH by force or violence, after any fiich officer or officers (hall have lei zed any tobacco, tobacco flalks, Spanijb, -to-bacoo flalks for tobacco ftalk flour, fnuff work, tobacco ftalk Boor, or fnuff, forfeited by any fuch aft or afts of parliament, or any (hip, veflel, boat, horfc, cattle, cart, or carriage forfeited by any fuch aft or afts of parliament, for being made ufe of in the removal, carriage, or conveyance of any fuch tobacco, tobacco [folks. Spani/b, tobacco flalks for tobacco ftalk floor, fnuff work, tobacco ftalk flour, or (huff, refcue or caufe to be refCued any Kick tobacco, tobacco flalks, SpaM/br tobacco flalks for tobacco folk flour, fnuff work, tobacco folk flour, (hip, veflel, boat, horfe, cattle, cart, or carriage, or (hall attempt or endeavour fit to do, all and every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending (hall.

For each and every fuch offence for which no penalty is particularly provided by this aft, forfeit the fun of two hundred pounds.

CL. And be it further enafted, That if any perfon or periods Perfoosoffer-whatfoever (hail givey or offer to give, any bribe, recompense, yr reward whatfoever, to any officer or officers of the cnftoms forfeit Jool. nr excite, to connive at or to permit any tobacco, tobacco flalks,	,

Spmijb, tobacco folks for tobacco folk flour, fnuff work, to-jaceo folk flour, or fnuff, to be run on (hore, or to connive at ihy falfe or (hort entry of any tobacco or fimff, or (hail give or yaet to give any bribe, recompence, or reward whatfoever, in >rder to corrupt, perfuade, or prevail upon any fuch officer or sfficersy either to do or perform any aft or afts, thing or things, whatfoever, contrary to the duty of fuch officer or officers in the execution of this or any other aft or afts of parliament in force It-the-commenccment of this aft, or thereafter to be made resting to tobacco, tobacco folksy Spmtjb, tobacco folks for to-* tMcco folk flour, fnuff work, tobacco fbdk flour, and (huff, or	\

either of them, or to negteft to do or perform any aft or afts; ihing or things, whatfoever belonging at appertaining to the baflMii and ducy of fash officer and officers m the execution of 0 g g a	«ny

Digitized by Gc	?le .

Perfon • tik-ingfalfeoatht, to dc liable to the penalties for perjury.

No tobacco, etc. to be landed, without entry firft made, pa penalty of forfeiture.

Officers of excife fafped-ing tobacco, etc. to be concealed, and making oath thereof, may be authorised by the com-mifltonect of excite, or two maeiftrates, to Search for the feme, etc.

Anno viqefimo nono Georgii IIL c. 6$. X1789.

any fuch a & or alb of parliament, or to connive at or zatxcez any fraud or fraud* relating to the dupes oft tobacco of fiiof, or not to difeover the feme; all and every fuch peribn orper-fons fo offending (hail, for each and every nich offence, whether filch offer or propofol be accepted or not, forfeit the fum cf fire hundred pounds.

CLI. And be it further enaded, That any perfon'or pofens who (hall be convi&ed of wilfully taking a falfe oath, in anj of the cafes in which an oath is required to be taken by virtue of this alt, (hall be liable to the pains and penalties to which per-fons are liable for wilful and corrupt peijury.

CLII.' And be it further enaded. That no perfon or ptrfbro whatfoever, bringing any tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spamfl, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, fnuff work, tobacco ftalk flour, or fnuff, into any port or place of Great Britain, bycttol cocquet, tranfire, or permit, nor any perfon or perfons to whom the fame, or any of them, (hall be configned, fhaff lmd, or caufe any fuch tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spani/b, tobacco (hfts for tobacco (talk flour, fnuff work, tobacco (talk flour, orfaufi, to be landed or put on (hore, without firft making or cau&og to be made, with the officer or officers of the cuftoms forth* time being, appointed to receive or take fuch entries withfirfk port or place into which fuch tobacco, tobacco ftalks, tobacco (talks for tobacco ftalk flour, fnuff work, tobacco (hit flour, or fnuff, (hall be fo brought, due entry of thefaineV fpeltivcly, on pain of forfeiting double the value of fach tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spani/b, tobacco (talks for tobacco fidt flour, fnuff work, tobacco ftalk flour, and fnuff, refpe&ivtlr, landed or put on (hore contrary to the true intent and tfleaning hereof; and all fuch tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spani/b, tobacco (talks for tobacco ftalk flour, fnuff work, tobacco (talk flbor, and fnuff, refpeltively, together with the calks and padhta^rt-fpe&ively containing the lame, (hall be forfeited, and ffiaU and may be ieized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or exdft

CL1II. And be it further enalted. That if any officer or officers of excife (hall have caufe to fufpelt that any tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spani/b, tobacco (ta)ks for tobacco ftalk flour, fault work, tobacco ftalk flour, or fnuff, which (hall have beta imported contrary to the direltions of this alt, or (hall be forf&el by this or any other alt or alb of parliament now in forced or hereafter to be made, (hall be depofited, lodged, hid, or concealed in any place or places whatfoever, then, ahd in fbctrcafc, if fuch place or places (hall be within the cities of'£#*?&* or JVtjiminfier, or within the limits of the chief office oferdfc in London, upon oath made by fuch officer or officers berate the commiffioners of excife in England for the time being, orxnr two or moret>f them, or in cafe fuch place (hall be in any pthbr part of Great Britian, upon oath made by fuch officer or officers, before one or morejufticeur juftices of the peace for the riding, divifion, or place, where fuch officer or officers (hall /b(pa the feme to bc depofited, lodged, hid, or concealed (wbidha-

. • .	fpc&ht

Digitized

:ized by GOO^C

I7$9.J Anno viccfimo nono Georgii III. c. 68.	799

fpedkive oaths they the faid commiflioners of excife, or any two or more of them, and the juftice or juft ices of the peace, reflectively, are hereby authorifed and impowered to adminifter,) fetting forth the ground, of his or their fufpicion, it (hall ana may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners of excife, or any two or more of them, or the juftice or juftices of the peace refpec-tively (as the cafe may require) before whom fuch oath (hall be made, if they or he (hall judge it reafonable, by fpecial warrant or warrants, under his and their refpedtive hands and feals, to authorife and impower fuch officer or officers, by day or by night, but if in the night-time, in the prefence of a eonftable, or other lawful officer of the peace, to enter into all and every fuch place or places, where he or they (ball fo fufpedl fuch to-bacco, tobacco ftalks, Spanijby tobacco ftalks for tobacco ftalk flour, fnufF work, tobacco (talk flour, or fnufF, to be fo depofit-ed, lodged, hid, or concealed, and to feize and carry away all fuch tobacco, tobacco ftalks, Spanijb, tobacco ftalks for tobacco ftalk flour, fnufF work, tobacco ftalk flour, and fnufF, refpec-tively, which he or they (hall then and there find fo depofited, lodged, hid, or concealed, as forfeited, together with the hogf-heads, calks, chefts, cafes, and packages whatfoever containing	,

:he fame; and if.any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall let, ob- andperfona [trudt, or hinder any fuch officer or officers fo authorifed or im- obftrufting powered, or any other perfon or perfons adting in his or their to. far~ n'd or afliftance, in the execution of fuch warrant, from enter- rcl 100 # ng any fuch place Or places where fuch officer or officers (hall fo fufpedt fuch tobacco, tobacco ftalks, Spanijb, tobacco ftalks :of tobacco ftalk flour, fnufF work, tobacco ftalk flour, or fnufF, o be fo depofited, lodged, hid, or concealed, or in feizing or rarrying away the fame, or the hogfheads, cafks, chefts, rafes.

Dr packages containing the fame, or in the due execution of any uch warrant, the perfon and perfons fo dffending (hall for each tnd every fuch offence feverally forfeit the fum of one hundred Dounds.

CLIV. And be it further enadted, That no perfon whatfo- Nomanufsever, being a manufadturer of, or dealer in tobacco or fnufF, or turer, etc. or vho is or (hall be in any wife interefted or concerned in rade or bufinefs of martufadturing or dealing in tobacco <pr aiamaailtrSe huff, (hall, during fuch time as he, (he, or they, (hall be fo in- ;n theexecu-erefted or concerned In the trade or bufinefs of ipanufadturing tion of any >r dealing in tobacco or fnufF, adt as a juftice of the peace in aftrelativeto ny matter or thing whatfoever, which thall in any wife con-to°acco*ctc’ ern the execution of the powers or authorities given or grant-d by this or any other adt or adts of parliament in force at the onupencement of this adt, relating to tobacco, tobacco (talks, or nuff; and if any perfon or perfons (hall, contrary to the true itent and meaning of this adt, prefume to exercife any fuch owers or authorities, or do any adt hereby authorifed to be lone by any juftice or juftices of the peace, all fuch adts fo executed or done by fuch perfon or perfons (hall be utterly null nd void to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

8oo	Anno vkeflaw BOno G*gju>ii TO c.fll»	I

Thumb cut CLV. And be it further ena&ed, That idl thM^«^%i I tob’cdmeed ^*DS ant*tw'^ or P'S tail tobacco, Audi b« deemoi sotafeea I roU tobacco, to be roll tobacco withm the meaning of this aft; that^Vn ] etc. * bycco fmalls lifted from (bort cut tobacco, and (hagMhato^ | and a]} returns of Sjxm/b, (hall be deemed and ratal tote tv i turns of tobacco within the meaning of tbtsa&j that aB had lifted from tobacco fmalls lhall be deemed and taken to be-bacco fand within the meaning of this aft; that all robaocofidtos flattened and cut into what is commonly called Spssifa Ad be deemed and taken to be Spgaijb within the meaning of ita aft; that all tobacco (talks dripped or taken from the leaf, flaB be deemed and taken to be tobacco flalks within the maarriag of this aft; and that all tobacco dalks prepared or laid doers for being manufactured or made into tobacco (talk flow, (tat be deemed and taken to be tobacco flalks for tobacco talk fleer Wbofball be within the meaning of this aft: and alfo, that all and every (O-ta an<* P*rtas who (hall manufafture tobacco, tobacco tab, and dealer*, w returns of tobacco, or who (hall manufacture oc flatten ta " tobacco (talks, or cut any tobacco (talks into what is commonly called Spanijb, (hall be deemed and taken to be a manufeAwtr or manufafturers of tobacco within the meaning of this ad; that all and every perfon and perfoos who (hall grind or asm* fafture any tobacco flalk flour, fnuff work, or (auff, (Mb deemed and taken. t9 he a manufrflurer or manufa&aMiet fnuff within the meaning ofthis aft; that all and every pwfcn and perfons who (hall fe|| any tobacco, tobacco (talk* Wr* of tobacco, or any tob?ccp (talks flattened, or any tobacco flaiu cut into what Is commonly called $p#n&y (hall too dnsmsfl mi taken to be a dealer or dealers in tobacco within dm sacutaga this aft; and that all and every perfon or perform wbofhal M any tobacco flalk flour, fnuff work, or (buff, IhaH bo dmmtd and taken to be a dealer or dealers in fnuff within the mmntag , of this aft.

ftowpcntoM CLVL Arid be it further enaSed, That all fines, petwta, are tote bird atlfl forfeitures created pr impofed by tbit ad, and which fltall for, and vbat be. Cued for or profecuted under or by virtue of the order at psr-(hare* are to miffion of the cooiHoj(boners of the cuflome in. Sngiati ml be paid the	S(etlqa<i rqfpeftively, or	by any officer os officers of tbecaflow,

ompers. ihajl and may (where npt other-wife directed by this ad) be 1*1 for, profecuted, recovered, and difpofed of in foch ■mow*. aal by fuch ways, means, and methods, as any fines or peaatob incurred, or any goods or veflels forfeited, for any efface agaiofl the laws of cuftams, may now legally be feed for, pf»-fecutcd, recovered, and difpofed of; and the officer or oficcffcf the cuftomsconcerned in any fuch feizauesor proftrwtiamifljtal ( where not otherwife direfted by this aft), be e rustled w apd»-cpive fuch (hare of the produce arifing ftontbelfiMrfe aofley are now by law entitled to upon profecutions of fefaisetfer unlawful importation, and (where not otherwife difedfaktelfc* aft) to fuch (hare of the produce arifing from any ptewaoty penalty or compofltioo paid for any offence againfi- tint affi.at

Digitized by

Google

*;%] Anno ^cifimo norid Georoii III. c. 68.	801

thejhare aoiwby arty Ww or regulation entitled to upon prafc-cufions for pecuniary penalties.

CLVII. And be it further cnafted, That all penalties and Hwpcnaltiea forfeitures impofed by this or any other aft crafts of parliament in force at the commencement of this ad, relating to tobacco, for, and bow tobieoo (talks, tobacco (talk floury and filuff, or either of them, applied, arid which (hall bd prolecuted or (ued for by order of the coni-mifBoners of excite in England Or Scotland refpeftively, or by any officer or officers of excife, (hall be fued for, recovered, levied* or mitigated, by fuch ways, means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied, dr irtidgated, by any law or laws of excite, or by action of debt, ( bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefly^ courts of record at IFifiminfltfy of in the court of exchequer in Scotland, refpeftively; drid that ofte mbidty of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, not otherwife directed by this ad, (hall be to his Majhfiy, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and the other moiety to him,

Mr, or them, who (hall inform, difeover, or fue for the fame.

CitVlII. And be it further enafted, That all the monies Doties to be ftrifihg by the duties by this aft impofed (the necefTary charges canJ[cd to the rf railing and accounting for the fame excepted) (hall from time fund/ldatcU to- time be paid into the receipt of his Majtfiy’s exchequer at Wifitttiftjteri and the (aid money fo paid into the faid receipt of rxobequer as aforefaid, (hall be carried to and made part of the bid fimd called Tbt Confahdatid Fund.

GLIX. Arid be h further cnafted, That in cafe any tobacco Tobaccojm-hatU have been imported into this kingdom on or before the pdfted,fiut enth day of Oftober orie thoufand feven hundred and eighty- arrd tobacco* fine* and tfhich (nail not have been entered at the cufiom houfe entered but ft the port of importation, or any tobacco which may have been not ware-ntered, and the pfdper duties payable therCon fecured by bond,	«

greeaMy to the hws m force at or immediately before the	5

enth day of Oftobtr orie ^houfand feven hundred and eighty- the duties >ine, but which (hall not have been lodged in the warehouses impofed by ppoiotfed for the purpofe of fecuring fuch tobacco, all fuch to- this ad, etc. acco (hatf be confidered as having been imported after the jnfh day of Otlober orie thoufand (even hundred and eighty-irie, afrid fuch tobacco (hall be liable to fuch and the like duties, rid entitled to fuCh and the like drawbacks, and no other, and ibjeft to all arid every the rules, regulations, and reftriftions* ains* penalties, arid forfeitures, to which tobacco is refpeftively ibjeft and liable by virtue of this aft; and in cafe the importer r importers, proprietor of proprietors, confignee or confignees, f any, fuch tobacco fo imported as aforefaid, (hall have fecured Mt duties by b6rid, in riianner preferibed by law, fuch bond sail and may be dJfcharged in like manner as bonds given for ibacco remaining in the warehouse are by this aft direfted to e difeharged; any law, ufage* or cuftom to the contrary not-ith Handing.

CI*X, An4 be it further enafted. That all bonds given for Bonds For to-Curing ttadutre* upon tofcrcco, which (hall* at the commence-

Gag ji	menthoufcd at thc

wbct	commence-

802	Aoqo	ykcfimo	boro Gsorgii 1(1. Q» S8; [xyi$.

ment 6f this jnent of this a#, be in any warehoufe or nrardbaate* nrnwdtj t?becaft* fi«(f upon, or appointed by the (aid commUfieners of the atf-fuch	toms> or any f°ur or morc l^cm9 to England* (of the time

cates at the being, or by the faid commiflioners of the cuftoms, or toy three commits00- or more of them, in Scotland9 for the time being, under and by ^i?j*u^?mi’v",rtuc of the faid a<ft made in the twenty-fifth year of therein lnau duett, ^ his prcj-cnt Majefty, (hall be difeharged and cancelled by the receiver general and collectors of the cuftoms, refpc&ndy,

* having the cuftody of fuch bonds, upon fuch certificates as the faid commiflioners of the cuftoms, or any four or more of them, }n England, for the time being, and the commiflioners of the cuftoms, or anv three or more of them, in Scotland* for the time being, (hall refpe&ively dired, being produced to and left with fuch receiver general and collectors of the cuftoms rcfpedivdy.

CLXI. And whereat many perfons % having incurred heavy pecuniary penalties by reafon of offences committed againjl the Urns fer ' collecting and fecuring the duties an tobacco and fnuff^ art deterred from renouncing their evil courfes, through fear of bung difcovered by fome of their affociateSy and profecutedfor fuch pecuniary penalties^ and other per Cons are confined in ptifon for pecuniary penalties, mean-fequence of their having been convicted of fuch offences, which they are unable to payy and manyy to avoid being profeevted or taken in execution for fuch pecuniary penalties and forfeitures, have withdraw* tbemfelves intoforeign partst end procefs of outlawry may have ifimd ogatnft feme ofthem: and whereas it is expedient to extend a perdu and indemnity to perfons under fuch circumfiances: be it therefore No proiecu- enadled, That no profeciition by bill, plaint, information, eg tion to be aftion of debt, (hall be commenced for any pecuniary.penalty for^cuniary incurred hy reafon of any offence committed by any perfect or penalties for perfons againft any of the provifions of any aft or u6ts for eol-offences com- lcdting or fecuring the duties on tobacco or fnufF, committed mitted before before the twentieth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and July ao, 1789. eighty-nine, but that luch pecuniary penalties (hall be whofiy pardoned and releafed.

His Majefty’8 CLXIL And be it further enadled, That as to all pecuniary imltfea due* penalties now due on any conviftion heretofore had, or which or that may may become due inconsequence of profecytions now.carrying become due, on for any fuch pecuniary penalty or penalties, the fame dull on profecu- be pardoned and difeharged, fo far as regards his Majefty’s (hare carr8in°'on or mtereft on (*uch Penahy; and that all perfons againft whom discharged •* anY procefs of outlawry hath been foed out, for the matters andreverfal aforefaid, may be at liberty to apply, by motion, to the court

of outlawries 0ut of which fuch procefs iffued, to let afide or reverfe the may be ap- fame.

Thi aft not CLXIII. Provided always, That nothing in this a<ft con-

to acquit," tamed lhall extend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend, to

where penal- acquit, releafe, or difeharge any judgement or judgements,

ties have been where the monies or other things recovered have been adhjrmlly

taken in exe-	or	taken	in	execution before the commencement of this

cution before rv the corn * act.

mencemcnt CLXIV. And be it farther enadled. That if any perfon or pf thi a att.	perfons

Digitized by

Google

7893], AMhcPvicefimo nono Georgii'lit c. 68 *	863

yeribmmhfr (fall claim the benefit of this aft (hall, after luch^“^jp,,» rlaitn, bring or commence^ or caufe to be brought or com-newced,a!*y aftion, plaint, information, brother profecutionIng the benefit abatfoevtr, agarnft any officer of his Majefty’s navy, or any of- of this aft ker or officers of the cuftoms orexcife, or other perfon or per- againft offi-oarwho (hall have aided or affifted any fuch officer or officers, £n”thin or or concerning any aft, matter, or thing done or committed doneinregatd >y him, them, or any of them, on occafion of, or for, or by to matters eafon or means of any of the offences, frauds, mifflemeanors, hereby dif->r other matters or things intended to bi releafed and difeharged chargedt^be iy this aft, fuch claim is and (hall be deemed to be an abfolute	1	UC

iifeharge and releafe to fuch officer and officers, and other per- pleaded.

Ton and perfons refpeftively, of and from afl and every fuch iftions, fuits, and profccutions; and fuch officer and officers, ind other perfon and perfons refpeftively, may plead the general flue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence ; and fuch officer tad officers, or other perfon and perfons refpeftively, (hall reaver his cofts of fuit againft the perfon or perfons lo bringing.

>r commencing fuch aftion or profecution.

CLXV. Provided alfo. That this aft, *or any thing herein Aft not to rontained, (hall not extend, or be deemed or conftrued to ex-:end, to acquit, releafe, or difeharge any perfon or' perfons whatfoever from the payment of any cuftoms, duties, or Turns due upon the money, due and owing to his Majefty from fuch perfon or lawfulim* perfons, for or upon the lawful importation or entry of any to- j^^tlon of 3acco or fnuff, nor to any debts or Turns of money due to hislobacco* ^c# Vlajeliy, from any perfon or perfons, upon any bond, obligation,

^rqtbcr contraft or agreement whatfoever, touching orcon-:erning the lawful importing or landing any tobacco or fnuff, or the cuftoms or other duties due and payable for the fame, nor to any bonds given or entered into tor the exportation of any tobacco or fnuff from this kingdom to foreign parts, and to pre-/eut'the relandipg of the fame in this kingdom; nor to any bonds given for landing any tobacco or fnuff coallwife within this kingdom; nor to any bond or obligation given by any offi-:er or officers of his Majefty’s navy, or of the cuftoms or Cxcife, to his Majefty, or any of his predeceffors, or to any other per-Ton or perfons for the ufe of or in truft for his faid Majefty, or his predeceffors; nor to any debts, dues, or demands due or jvriug to his faid Majefty, for or in refpeft of any fum or Turns d( money by him, or any of his royal predeceffors, at any time paid upon any debenture or debentures, certificate or certificates, where any fuch debenture or debentures, or certificate or cet- • tificates, was or were wrongfully or fraudulently obtained, or where the fame debenture or debentures afterwards became void by any relamling of the goods therein mentioned, or by any other way or means whatfoever; nor to any other debts, dues, pr demands, for or in refpeft of the cuftoms, excife, and other duties chargeable on* any tobacco or fnuff, concerning which there is any sftioq, information, fuit, or profecution now dje*

y	pending

Digitized by	1



:8d4	Arinavtafimo hobo’QbokobiH£	(i|l)

- pending in any 4f bk Majlfly’s ooorao at	«	ftb

■ where.

Compofiriont CLXVI. Provided alfe, That ttt pertows who haw aha . £fn^e* pounded with, or agreed or offirrsd to pay aflf fan of rtioeey k made my of competition or chargee to hit Majdqr, or M the m *	coomtiffionars	of hie Mejefty’s treafury, or to the eeaiaifilHn

of the cuftems for ihetimc being, on hie Mejwfty’s bahdf, far or in refpeft of any of the above-mentioned offence*, or for the forfeitures or penalties aiding thereby, Anil make good fad compositions, agreements, stud offers as have been by them » fpe&ively made, or in dchtll thereof all and every facb perfao fhall be excluded and deprived of end from dll benefit and advantage of ihia ad.

This ad may CLXV1I. Arid be it further enafted, Thu* arty pufan sr ^rP*eaded ‘n per ions may plead this eft for his or their dtfrharg*, of or fa aey thing any thing that is by virtue of this aft purtfanad, diftharge^ o: hereby par- granted, or fhall and may apply for fitch efffeharg* in ofhMMrr doDed. way, by motion to the court of dxtbanner, Wtvicfa coin Adi make fuch order touehkig the flaying or difcltargff of ray fad foil, or of any perfoo imprifoned by rcafoct thereof, aoaatte faid court (hall (eem meet.

Perfoes who CLX VIII. Provided always, and bo ir further enacted, Tht have brought yj and every perfim and pevfons who fhall thfcc,- rieeftue, or k offiSts*to «• •“M®* *® any benefit or advantage by vtrrdo of eh* HhHMhih Icrfethe feme", aforefaid, either by pleading or tafiftirig on th# fate brim before they court of juflica,«r before any of the kurearof tftkdtekdf ea-claim the be. dwaaer, in a fammary way or otherwHe, and whoftetb er ftd sent of this	he,	(he,	or	they	fhan	claim	tho	benefit	of this preAhtttfi)

have brought, commenced, or peofecatod any afihuy plwot, or infer motion, indiftmena, or other ptofoeutiett whMfaertr, egainft any officer or officers of bio Majafty'e nary, or of the cuftoruS or encUe, or againft any perfoo or perfdrts who AaB or may have been aiding or affiiling to any fuck officer or officers, faro* concerning any matter, oaufe, or thing done or* cofaamtd by any fuch officer or officers, or by any perfon or pCrfonv aiding or affifting him, them, or any of them, on oceifiocr, or for, or by reafon or means of any of. the offence#, trefjpfafim, firamk, mifdemcano**, or Other matters or things by this aft hhhfa to be releafed and difehorged, fhall, before mil tew he* (he, or they (hall be admitted to make fuch plan as tforefiid, or is take- any benefit or advantage of this aft, abfohitely rcfeifc ml difeharge fuch aftion or aftione, difeonMMM and eaofif to he fthved all proceedings m all ami every fetch information*, in-di&ments, and other profecutioa and profocotfato# ttfptfikl} brought or Commenced as aforefaid.

Duties and	CLXIX. And be it further eaafted. That the feheral dorks

drawbacks of of cuftoms by this aft impofed, and the fcveraf drawback* of the der thJsaft1* dotiea of cuftema by this aft charged, and thrfewrrfdrWBkb except where of the duties of curtaaM by this aft ailowed^ fhftl (teept where hereby alter- any alteration is otpryTsly made b tkfr aft) be rifpeftfady

managed,

Digitized by L^ooQle

7?9-0 Anno viofim* opao ^Wtoii Hlrfcfife	80$

nanaaed, ascertained, railed, levied* colkded, recovered, an> ed.to be mi-werco, paid, and allowed in fuch and the like manner, andlm n*8«d	^

« by any or either of the means, waya, or methods by which ^Metc. were be duties of cuftoms upon tobacco or fnuff refpedively, and managed, etc, drawbacks of duties of cuftoms upon tobacco, by this ad re-pedively repealed, were or ought to be managed, ascertained, aifed, levied, collided, recovered, aafwered, paid^aod allowed t ind that all tobacco and fauff lefpefldvely, far or in refped whereof any duty of cuftoms is by this aft impefod, and all to» mcqo for or in refped whereof any drawback of the .duty of ruftocss is by this ad allowed, (ball be, and the fame are hereby Bade fubjod and liable (except whese any alteration is cxpreftly Bade by this ad) to all and every the conditions, rules, regm-atisM, reftiidions, provifions, and forfeitures refpediyely, to nrhioh goods, wares, or merchsndtfe in general were fubjed and liable by any ad or ads of parliament in force at. and im-Bodiately upon the commencement qf this ad, receding the evenueof cuftoms; and all and every fine, penalty, or forfeiture^ rf any nature or kind whatsoever, far any offence whatsoever committed agaioft, or in breach of any ad or ad»of parliament In force at and immediately before the commencement of this ad, made far fecuring the revenue of cuftoms, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and' the feverii powers, diroe-tiona, elaufes, matters, and things therein contained (unlefa where exprrfsly altered by this ad), (hall, arid the fame arc hereby refpedively direded and declared te extend to, and the fame rdpedUvelyfhsJl be applied, pmdifed, and put in emeu* tion,'far and in refped of the (aid duties of cuftoms by this ad impefcd, and drawbacks of dtiticaof cuftoms by . this ad granted, iues fall and ample manner, to all intents and purpefirs whatsoever, as if ail and every the (aid ads, elaufes, conditions, rules, regulations, reftiidions, provifions, powers, dimdiens, fines, pains, penakim, forfeitures, matters, and things refpedively, wens particularly repeated and re* traded in the body of tins ad.

GLXX. Aad be h further enaded, That all and every the The powers powers, disediens, rules, pen aides, forfeitures, chutes, matters, of i» Car.*, sod things, which in and by an ad, made in the. twelfth yjnr • wither °* of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An ftr |a„ refpea. tating avtty the	eemt. of wards end liveries. a tenures in Gapite, ingtheexrifk,

and if Anights fervieeandpttrveyance,. and/or fettling a revenue	except where

tie Aiajeftj m lien thereof, or by any other law now in. force re- j)*ret^^}t'r* fating to his Mtfefty’s revenue of excife, are provided and ^^ jn *" eftafcdUhed for. managing, taking, levying, coUeding, mitigating, levying the or recovering, adjudging, or afaertaining. the-duties thereby excife duties granted, or say of them, (other than in fuch cafes for which other	j®'.

penalties or provifions aaemsde and prefetibed by this ad) (hatt ^ *ctc* be pradifed, ufed, and put in execution,, in and for the mo-naging, raising, levying, colleding, mitigating, recovering, and payings the excifa duties by this ad imposed, and foe preventing, dgtfabBg, and autufbing frauds relating thereto, as folly and

effectually.

Digitized by

Google

9o 6	Anno	vicefirrto nonoGEGRGIl Hi. C.68.	[178^

effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if aH and rtoy the faid* powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, dnfa, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-coa i» this prefent aft.

CLXXI. Add fae it further enafted, That an aft, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late majefty King M Geo. a. George the Second, intituled, aftfor the more

the duties upon tobacco',to much of another aft, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his faid late majefty King and fo much George the Second, intituled. An oft for the mere of so Geo. a.	venting the fraudulent removal of	, by land and by water, cud

c‘,J*	for the cafe of the fair trader in tobacco; and for efcerteuiug tin

rates payable for the portage of certain letters;	far amending and

explaining the laws- relating to tho fafe of fpiriheans Bquors by mil, as relates to tobacco, tobacco (talks, or feoff; fo much of another aft, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his and ofaj Geo. prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft	an aft, made ike

S-®-.1*’ tsanty-fourth year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, tobacco',\o° An aft for the more effcftual feeuring the duties upon tobacco; kacco (talks, to prohibit the importation of currants into Great Britam m or fnuff; final! packages; to repeal fuch part of the provifo in an add the eighteenth year of the reign of Ms prefent Majefty, as permits Portugal and Spanifb wines, and other wines (except Atai wines) to be imported in iinall calks for private ufe; and for taking off the inland duty payable upon the importation of cocoa nuts into this kingdom, upon the exportation' thft£of *s merchandize, as relates to tobacco, tobacco (talks, or (huff; another aft, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of'bis asatfoiyGeo. prefent MajeAy, intituled,

3.	c. 81. payable on tobacco; and another aft, made in ttie tweMyftfk ands6Geo.j. year of his prefent Majefty**reign, intituled. An off far tie mm ® K	tffefinally preventing tbe fraudulent removal of tobacco, and far At

cept in re’fpect tafl °f	fa,rtrader •, for difeontinuing payment m

of duties bends before due, and ejlabli/bmg	to	be paid upon

thereby im- tbe growth of tbe Briti Ih plantations and tbe unitedfates of America; P°fc4*	(other than and except in refpeft of any duty or duties impofed

under or by. virtue of the faid aft or afts, or any or either of them), (hall’be,'and the fame are hereby, from and after the commencement of (his aft, repealed, limitation CLXXII. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-«t actions. faid, That if any aftion or fuit (hall be brought or commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing by him, ber, or then done by virtue or in purfuance of this aft, fuch aftion or fife (hall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and (hall be laid in the proper county, and the defendant or defendants in fuch aftion or fuit (hall or mayptesd General ifTue. the general iffue, and give this aft and the (pedal tnatterj&r evidence at any trial to be bad thereupon; and if afterwards'a verdift (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plate-tiff or plaintiffs (hall difeontioue bis, her, or. their nftsoo or ?ft*ons, or be nonfuited, or judgment (hall bo'given agmeft

him.

Digitized by LjOoq le

7$?t] Aq*0 yicefinao nono Georgu III. c. 69, 70.	So$r

her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwife, then fuch defendant ordcfendants (hall have treble-cofts awarded to him. Treble cofts* her, or them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs*

CLXXIII. And be it further enaded, That this ad (hall com? Commence-nence ^nd take effed, as to all fuch matters and things therein	^

rontained, in refped whereof no fpecial commencement is hereby direde'd or provided, from and immediately after the tenth lay of Ottikr one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine.

CAP. LXIX.

An a€t for the better paving, repairing, cleanfing, lighting, and watching the highways, ftreets, lanes, and other publick paffages and places, within the town and liberty of Faverlham, in the county of Kent, and al(o certain places near or adjoining thereto; and for. removing and preventing incroachments, dbftrufuons, nuifanccs, and annoyances therein.

uommiffioners, the knights of the (hire, the mayor, jurats, and common council of the town of Favertham, and too others refident in the ‘own, and when reduced to 30, others may be chofen, having iol. per inn. within the town, or 400I. real or perfonal eft ate.. Commiflioners to defray their own expences; and no aft valid, except at a meeting. Dooimimoncrs to make a rate, if the rent is not above 4I. per ann. jd. per pound. 5!, per ann. is. per pound, and above xs. yd. per pound, :he owner and tenant to pay each a moiety. Commiflioners to rate landlords for their portion of rates, where the tenants not charged to poor’s rates. * Oaft for drying hops occupied for the feafon only to pay an annual iffeflnient. No arable, hop, or marfh ground to be rated. After money harrowed is paid off rates may be reduced. General highway a& to remain in force. hfayor, jurats, and commonalty di(chargedfrom paving. Commiflioners may borrow 4000I. which may be raifed by annuities; not exceeding iol. per centum. Commiflioners to fix limits of ftreets, and put up names, and houfes may be numbered. Lamps to be fet up. Power to appoint watchmen, who may apprehend xnalefa&on. Power to pur-rhafc houfes, etc. Actions to be brought in the name of the trtafyrer, ;lerk, or furveyor, or one or more of the commiflioners. Appeal to the ~e<ftans. The inhabitants may be Witneffes. Plaintiff not to recover liter temter'of amends. Proceedings not to be quaflied for want of :orm, Qr removeable by Certiorari. Limitation of actions. Treble cofts. Rights of the corporation referved.

CAP. LXX.

a8l for dividing and inclofing the open common fen and tags in the parifti of Dunfton, m the county of Lincoln, and for draining and improving certain p^rts thereof; and alfo certain ipclofed low lands in the fald parifti, and in the parifti of Metberingham, in the (aid comity. *'

.	9	*

Three commiflioners appointed. Two commiflioners may execute this iA, and one adjourn meetings. Survey to be taken, and divifion made iceonding to the aft. Private, roads to be repaired by proprietors of illotmtnts and owners of enclofed lands. Not above 3 acres for get-ing materials for repair of roads. Entities, etc. to be vetted in the umiimflioners. Commiflioners may let the herbage of the banks. Banks n Metheringham fubjeft tp the Witham tax. The lands dug up for >anks (hall not be fuhjedt to acre-tax to Witham commiflioners whilft overflowed. Upon proprietors negiefting to cleanfe ditches, etc. the neper officer may caJife itto be done, and diftrain. The arrears of the Witham taxes for Buntton Fen are to* be paid, according to the a& . ‘	a	Geo.

tor

Anno Ttcttfitno nono Gco&oii IH« C:	[1^9.

ft Oeo. s. c. 31. ComniAoocrt to make an award rntaia fit Mil after fruiting the allotment The award to be inrolled. Tkechatpa of draining are to be paid by the proprietors and owned: Cei-miffionert 1mpowered to borrow 7000I. for embonktogw PadbAt proprietors fhaU not be Charged whh more than joi.yoiat. An additional lax of tot. per acre may be ntfed for drafamgc^ by oodwief proprietors. Powers of commiffiooers to ceafe upon eledbnt fcHbet trances. Three truftees to be chofen for fupportmg the Woctl at tfc end of every three years. Beery proprietor of fifty acres to bamavste in the choice of truftees. Annas] meetings of trafteca. Fortier asoi tax may be raifed by confent of proprietors of xs. per acre. Tkuxt not to prejudice the works of The Wftham. Saving of amendrigtoh and general laving.

CAP. LXXI.

An act for paving, lighting, deanfing, watering, and watduag feefe ftreets and other pubiick places, within that part of the paii&mSsht Pancras, in the county of Middlefex, which lies on the north ad feet! Hdes of the new road leading from Psddington to IAington, old Sommers Town, and is now actually leafed to Jacob Leroax efipke, for building upon, or that may be hereafter leafed for the like per-pofej and for preventing nuifrnccs and obftructions therein.

aio Commiffioners, whereof 5 may ad. Qualification of comaifBaiCT, tool, per a no. in the parifh of Pan eras or refideat therein, or i^ool perfooal eftate, and not to hold any place of profit. A£t x6 Geo. j.p.74 lor Higbgate turnpikes, repealed 10 far as it extends to probtt & paving, etc. and a footway to be made on each fide the road, tMt oa the north fide 540 feet from the land of Charles lord Southampton,^* ward to the land of the Skinners company* and on the foath fide is length 510 feet from the duke of Bedtoras private road, eaftnnd to the faid Skinners company's land, and a drain of three feet, aid erodings of 7 feet wide. Rates not to exceed as. in the pound of the yearly rent of land and houfes, upon the occupiers. Coamesoetsem j of rates, from March 15,1789. An additional rate not exccetfinf 64. u ' the pound of the yearly rent of houfes, etc. may be laid on phoe* set payed; on the credit of which money may be borrowed by the cofettf* Goners; for which money annuities may be granted, not exceeau*#. xos. per cent. Money borrowed to be lodged with a banker, and Sbed by the coaroifroners for the purpofe8 of this ad. Surplus money,ifer payment of intcreft and annuities, to be applied towards paying offtk principal. Securities when amount to iooil to be paid off by lot. ff»* occupied premifet to pay only half rates.	Leflees or tenants of hysh

let out in feparate apartments liable to pay the rates, etc. Pubfick buildings, and dead walls to be rated as. in the pound, or 6d pe fquare yard. Unfiniihed houfes to be rated 6d. per yard of groesi paved not more than %oo fquare yards in one place. Rates may bf demanded 60 days before the quarter day on which they become d& The goods of perfons quitting premifes without paying rates may be & trained. Sheriffs taking goods in execution to pay the rates then (fix by the owners; not exceeding one year’s rates, or the value of tie goods. Alt not to prevent lord Sommers, etc. from palling over de lands leafed to Mr. Leroux, etc. nor to veft any perfon with pdra over the Brill Farm, etc. Act not to alter the articles of Aug. 4*1713, etc.

CAP. LXXH.

Am act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from or near the borough of Andevbr, in the county of Southampton, to or near bridge, in the parilh of Milibrook, in the faid county.

Seventy-three names of proprietors, incorporated. Their ftyle. Ike company of proprietors of the Andcvor canal navigation. Camps?

impovmd

Digitized by Google

•1 Ajuiq vicefimo opto G?oMu Uh c. jit

wed to mike i navigable cut from Andevor to Redbridge; and id bridges, etc. No pater tp be talpcn from Pill HUl Brook, or the rWcr Anton below Andevor Mill. Jfp more water to be taken tkorittr Anton, than will flow through a three loch pipe. For dog the water of John Judd’s mill. The fituatipn of the firft lock atyaeds to the fouth of Fill HIM Brook, and between Grove Place tedMdM. Certain fprings to the eaftward not to be forced into anil. Bower to take levels. Limiting the ground to be taken, niffiooert to fettle differences. For recovery of the purchafe :y from the company. No pits to be worked within %o yards of the whthput content. Company of proprietors to contribute towards varfcs, not exceeding the fuja or 55,000!. . No proprietor to have ban one, or more than -thirty (hares. The money to be divided 350 equal (bares. Power to raife 30,000!. more. to,ooo1. part :of, by additional (hares, and to,ooel. refidue thereof, by mortgage, rietprs at a general aflerably. Subscribers of one 350th (hare deemed rietors; and may vote by proxies; and (hall be entitled to give one for every iool. fubfcribed. Canal not to be begun till 10 per cent, le fubfcription money is paid. Rates granted to the company of irictors, ad. a mile per ton for the lading. The expences of ;hiag and meafuring to be paid by the mailer of the barge if he s a raife account. The canal and the roads and ways open and free 11 perfons on paying the rates. Dimenfions of the vefTels to be 8 feet id and 30 feet long, and draw no more than 31-9 inches water, and gated between 4 o’clock in the morning and xo in the evening. No el €0 pafs locks without confent of proprietors, unlefs it pays after rate of a vefTel of 15 too*. Company required to make tunnels9 ins, etc. to prevent obftru&ion of watercourfes. For keeping them epair* For preferring watering places for cattle. Towiqg paths to fenced from the adjoining lands. Convenient bridges or arches to be ic over the faid canal. Bridges for the duchy eftates. Company reined from erecting any mills on the canal, etc.' Owners of land not be reftrained from ere&tng wharfs, etc. within their manors. If fuch ners (hall not, upon notice of the company intending to ufe fuch ds for building warehoufee, etc. erect fufficient warehouses, etc. ireon^ the feme may be done by the company. To pay riverage, and ike vie of lir Charles Mill’s wharf in Redbridge. Rates at fir Charles IIV wharf. For coals not landed, per chaldron, id. 1-9; other ods, xd.; coals landed 6d.; wheat, etc. per xo facks, 3d.; oats and malt r xo quarters, 3d.; timber per load of 50 feet, is.; ftone, bricks, etc. r Ion, 3S. For goods put into ftorehoufe for a month, wheat, etc. ‘per arter, 6d.; malt, etc. 3d.; fugar, tallow, foap, ftarch and tobacco per glhead, 8d.; vinegar, fpirits, etc. per hogfhead, 6d.; butter per fir* n, id.; hemp per ton, 36.; paper per ton, is.; woollen rags for ma* ire, per ton, 3d.; other rags per ton* is.; other goods in the lame oportion. And for the ufe of cranes, to pay 3d. per ton. If the owner

•	occupier of the wharf refufc to find proper conveniences^ the company ay take to the fame, or erect other wharfs. For afeertaining wharfage, 3d. per ton. Weighing engines to be erected. Names of the matter*

•	be painted on the veflcls. VeiTels may be raeafujred by the company, raduated figures to be painted on the vefTels, denoting their weight* anal not under the controul of cOmmiffioners of fewers. Two plan* lall be (igned by the fpeaker of the hpufc of commons. Committion-rs may nold fpecial meetings, to afeertain damages. Company not opowered to erect any buildings but for the purpofes of the navigation >wners of lands may. ufe pleafure boats,etc. The canal to be mcaftired, nd ftones fet up to afeertain the rates. Appeal to the quarter fcffiow. limitation of actions. General iflue* Treble cotta, nor compelling ae fobferibers to pay their fubferiptioa money.

CAP.

Anno vicefimo nono Georg 11 IQ. C.'y 3*74.; £*789.

CAP. iJKQIt . _ , ; \ '

An act for protecting andfocoring Umtot tofaMad^riytiiiik dty of Bath, from injury by incroacbmc*tSa-a*d imoylincer, farm-larging or rebuilding the prefcot pump rooms there5*for wiMsg certain ftreets, lanes, andpublick pafiages, nod for —altnycertds stw ftreets and pai&gc* to render Che approaches to the fold 1st bstfc,

. fprings, and pumpropms, more fofc and coowndions.

Twenty-five commiffioqera. and 5 to act. No order made by five feH -be revoked, onlefii a greater number fhaH concur. Ctimmiffi—cri qualifications of the corporation, or to have tool, per m ar jood perfooal eftate. Penalty on negfoft. Officers, etc. sot to take feet, Commiflioners enabled to make openings, and empowered to treat for premife8. Incapacitated perfons empowered to fell and convey. Allowing exchanges of premifes mentioned in the fchedulet. Where corporation or other perfons are foiled of premifot, part ouly of which « wanted for the purpofe of the aft, they may retain the remainder, etc. i Owners not compellable to fell part of the premifes. If parties caste? agree, a jury may be (ummoned* Jurymen may be challenged. VcnTtc of jury, etc. to be final. If the commiffioners do not puithafo wiita ten years;parties not obliged to folk Tolls tube collcded on the test? round Bath, and the produce to be applied for tfie purpofes of <be»c Tolls. Coach with 4 wheels and 1 ors horfos, 3d.; a wheels ml r borfe, id.; horfos not drawing, x-sd.; cattle per (core, yd.; iiccpai fwine, sd. x-s; on Sundays to pay doubly Ter— of the tofb, kook Monday after palling the aft. For collecting the tolls by this ad gnok. by the collectors at the prefont turnpikes. For evening gat— toccfc the tolls by the aft granted. Tolls may be collefted at the tdrspie already erected if the. commiffioners chafe it. Tolls to be prid m once a day. Cpmmiffioners may compouad for tolls for 3 yean. E: emption from tolls, horfos, etc. goiog and —turning fro nr plough, psfom I water, or carrying corn,meal, coals, cloth, wool, provifeons, or nt m terials, or poll letters, and voters at elections, or refidents of Wak. and Widcombe. Tolls, may be -reduced two-thirds. Tolfa may k leafed. For borrowing money, 05,000!. Tolls and money btxrm: applied to improving the ftreets, etc. refill- ifa. yd. ffiatl bepwfr ftated portions by the corporation, to be applied towards the porpe* of this act. pool, (hall he paid anooally by the corporation out of tfee: own eftates, in difeharge of the principal money to be borrowed m A credit of the tolls. The foveral payments to be made by the corpora? (hall be without prejudice to the prefont creditors. To bnttd 5 no ftreets. For repairing the prefeot pomp rooms, or building new ere for making areas or void fpaces round the baths and fprings, and nfi-the fame in the corporation. That nothing ihali be done to prejetk the Kingfton baths. Penalty on perfons throwing things into the btr. si. for the firft offence; and 4!- fecond offence; and iol. third oflw Penalty on obftructing the execution of the act, yl. and not ttf# iSr 40s. Appeal to quarter fcflmns. Proceedings not to be quitted U want of forxp, nor re—oveable by Certiorari. Limitation of actios: General iflue. Treble colts.

C A P. LXXIV.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from or from ic to Cromford Bridge, in the county of Derby, to join and com?, nicate with the Erewalh canal, at or near Langley Bridge; and aV collateral cut from the faid intended canal, at or hear Codnor Pis Mill, to or near Pinxton Mill, in the faid county.

Company of proprietors, feventy-eigbt in number, incorporated. TEi' powers to lay out the canal. Houfes, gardens, etc. not to be injure: Reftrictions relative to taking water out of,the fiver t>erwcnt, ati\ »: 8 o’clock on Saturday afternoon, till the fame hour on Sunday afreets.

Digitized by vjOOQlC

1789.3	Anno vicdimo nono Georgn III. c. 74.'

be Whole water taken to be eqdal to dne-twentieth port of the witer it Cromford Bridge. Power to take water from mines within one honfand yards of the canal. Nothirig to be done to the injury of the nil)8 of fir Richard Arkwright. Sir Richard Arkwright to raiie a weir m the berwent, and niake an aqnedudt through his lands to convey pater to the canal. Expenses of railing the weir and making the aque-lu& to be borne by the company. In default of fir Richard Arkwright's ’ailing the weir, and making the aquedod, the company to do it. Power o open the ftiuttles of the aquedudt from Mafton mill weir to Cromford Bridge, within an honr of the time aforefaid. No water to be taken rom Lea Brook above Mr. Nightingale's cotton mil). Mr. Nightingale mpowered to make cuts under the canal. Proprietors of fire engines to ift their Water into the canal. Limitation as to taking water from any ‘ivulets which fupply the Erewafb can&l,* not more than 30 feet below :he fummit of the intended canal. Breadth of canal, collateral cut, and owing paths, 16 yards broad. No building to be erected on the towing j>aths, except for the navigation. Commimonera for fettling differences. Qualification of commiflioners, no profit out of the navigation. Mines, rtc. referved to lords of manors, or to other proprietors. Coal mines, tc. nbt td be worked to prejudice the navigation. Company's agents to >e at liberty to enter lands or mines to view the works. Company to nake drains, etc. Works damaged by floods to be repaired by the rompany. Proprietors to raife money among ft themfelves, 46,000!. Sach proprietor not to have lefs than one fhare, nor more than ten. The noney to be divided into fbares of iool. each. Proprietors to receive ;1. per cent, till canal is finifhed. Subfcribera to have a vote for cverjr (hare. Proprietors may raife an additional fum, if neceffary. Power :o raife money by mortgage, fntereft of money borrowed to be paid n preference to dividends Affignces not to vote on account of having ent money. Each member of committee to have but one vote, except the chairman. General and fpecial afiemblies to confift of *50 fhares. Power to collect rates of tonnage. Rates. Coal, coak, lime, and lime-tone, per ton per mile, xd.; for iron, lead, minerals, marble, (tone, and imbcr* id.x-a; goods from Erewafh canal not before fpccified, ad.; or coal crofting the river Amber, is. more; foods (except lime)' from Erewafh canal, 3d. more. Proportion of a mile to be taken as a mile, tc. Recovery of rates by diftreft. Exemption from rates, dung, and nanme, (except coals) for huibandry, and gravel, etc. for roads. Rates >n the Erewalh canal leflened on all articles, except coal and coak. Payne nt for wharfage. Power to alter the rates. Mafters of boats to give in account in writing of particulars of lading. Quantity of tonnage, itc. afeertained, 50 feet of timber, a ton; nine fcore pounds weight of ime-ftone deemed cwt.; fix fcore pounds weight of ft one, coals and >ther goods deemed an cwt. If any difference concerning the weight, :ol!ectors may weigh veffels. Navigation to be free, on payment of rates. To prevent lock keepers, etc. giving any preference. Mafters to put heir names on outfide of their boats. Weight of the lading of veffel® :o be marked, and veffels to be gauged. Mafters or owners of boats an-werable for damages. For fencing off towing paths, and making iridges, etc. In cafe company do not fence off the towing paths, and nake bridges, land owners may do it at the company's expence. If bridges, etc. made by the company are infofficient, land owners may nake others. Company may cleanfe the adjoining watercourses at the and owners expence. Power to make railways. Cuts may be made to rommunicate with the canal and collateral cut. Lords of manors, and and owners, may eredt warehouses, etc. on their lands. If not done within a limited time, company may build. Regulations as to private wharfs. Committee to regulate the navigation. Canal not to be under :he power of commiflioners of fewer*. Proprietors to be taxed for lands, etc. in fame proportiou as adjoining lands, etc. Rights of lords of manors and land owners to filbery referved. Power for land owner3 to afe pleafure boats. To compel payment of fubferiptions. Recovery of forfeitures. Appeal. Limitation of adtions. General iffue. Treble cofts.

VOL. XXXV I.	H h If	CAP.

8i*

Anno vicefmio nono Georgh IIL c. 75. [1789. CAP. LXXV.

An a<ft for the better relief find employment of the po of Saint George Hanover Square, within the liberty of Weftminfter; for repairing the highways, regulating t1 watch, and patrol; for paving, repairing, cleanfing, lightia? moving and preventing nuifances and annoyances »ithm i ftreets and other puhlick paflages and places within the and for other purpofes relating to the faid parilh.

Three or more governors and dire&ors may act, and make «fii orders. One overfeer to be appointed for each ward * the pink. Power to enlarge the infirmary, and build a chapel, and purrfafejteeri for employing the poor; aud to borrow money for thofc pgfat io,cool. at intereft, and 5 per cent, yearly to be paid off, or by fiKutio with or without benefit of funivorlhip. Power to hire places toeaffef the poor, and to keep the workhoufe aud other buildings in trpw Burial ground behind the workhoule not to be ufed as a pchlicfctami ground. Veftry may appoint furveyors of the highways. Kite lobe laid for the relief of the poor, aud for repairing the highway*. Vein to appoint beadles, watchmen, and patrols, and a committee fcrlfe management of them. Committee to appoint additional watchmea uJ patrols. Rates to be laid for defraying the expences of the beadles, t 6d. per pound rent. Expences of ereding the watch-boufe to be rri burfed out of the watch rate, and the expences of ereding the wo. houfr, etc. to be paid out of the poor’s rate. Veftry to appoint a 9 ' mittee for paving, cleanfing, and lighting the ftreets. Property cf pu ments veiled in committee. Committee to caufe the ftreets to.ljei paired, clean fed, and lighted, and the garden in Hanover Square to ’ embellifbed. Contrads already made to be valid. Level or the dp ments in this and adjoining parities, at the juntlion, not to hesto without approbation of the refpedive committees of paving. Kras 0 ftreets to be put up, and boufes and lamp irons numbered. Pronfiarj for paving, etc. extended to fuch part of Bond Street as is in St. jatesi parilh. Veftry to make rates for paving, etc. Bond Street, Blcnbeiff Street, and part of Stafford and other ftreets, and for reducing#* 6fU, to pay off not lefs annually than6ool. nor more than roool. Deiiricon in the rates to be made up in the next fucceeding year. Rates salt exceed the higheft fum raifed in any year within the i aft fix years. Tn Cent fepurities for the money due to remain valid. Creditors wyfe paid by lot. Places exempted from the provifions of the adforpariq cleanfing, and lighting, Berkeley Square, or Grofvcnor Square,gawlq 6 Geo 3. c. 54. and 14 Geo. 3. c. 5a. Piccadilly, between ClargetSttr and Hyde Parke Corner, Park Lane, between Piccadilly and flcctft, Street, or to Oxford Street, or parts adjoining. Lord CameUbrd’f kafc etc. to be rated to this parifti. Carriages not to pafs alone Msdda Street and Mill Street, for one hour before and an hour after dinv fervice, on Sundays, Chriftmas Day, aad Good Friday. Scarce gen h to i'weep dirt, etc. within ten feet diftance of the common fewer*. 1 cinders, etc. to be carried away, but by the feavengers, except for ufe of the owner. No hoards to be creeled without licence. tabling the hours of taking away night foil, 11 o’clock at night rd> o’clock in the morning, from Michaelmas to Lady-day, ix odea night and 4 o’clock in the morning the other part of the year. Dircdw tor repairing pavement taken up on account of water pipes. Whetr u: pavement ie taken up, the place to be lighted in the night time. Pa-ment not fufficiently made good after repairing pipes, to be again tai up and re-laid. Pavioura to water companies to fend their names U>tk committee. Committee to be reimburfed expences of pavement bro*--for repairing water pipes. Thofe expences or rela>ing pavement£ be ascertained on oath. Time limited for demanding Inch expend months. Officers to water companies may ir.fped books of commits Owners of empty houfe6 to pay one half rate. Veftvy may employee Tons to affift in making the rates. Notice to be given of hailing of nt*

Digitized by Google ................ ’

J.}; Anno vicefTmo nono GEoftGii Ut. c. 76, 77.

■ of houfes let in feparate apartments; etc. to be paid by owners* \i€<n* *fhba0fefc>rt houfes to be paid by the landlord*. Lands, etc; nte+fopip&\nxt*(X)br<tin£tf) the-extent of the pavement, dd: per e yird^ *pW: 4 ml.'Commencement and recovery of rates, froth to w pa^ quarterly Perfons -diflhtisfied with the rattsmay forrtttef; and if diffatisfied may appeal to the quarter oaT f(^hlWdief«^ who may c*rre&, bat (half not qeath the whole Veftry may re6Hfy omHAhnadn* the rates. Veftty to appoint a are*, and collectors, and take fecurity from their collectors, ^ispthlto the .qdarterfeffion#. Where juftfces may wire cofta ip€ltaim,^eymay:dite<* by whom the'fame (hall be paid; aad if tffterffis'lhatt ite* made upon the veftry cfcfk, be (hall be reimburftd xparce*^ Vfcltrymeir, etc. "may act ts-jtt&ices. Limitation of ao ^ Oeftftrat ifliie TrCWe Cofts. Impoweritig the veftry to hold r meeting* rrhere they think proper. If umber of-reftrytnen to cow-tt wpntfettag* ofthe rector, of curate, and One churchwarden and eight rymew. Vcftrymen may retign tfcehr* office; How chairmen of tiagsftiall be appointed. Commencement Wfthtfftr, Dec. 1,17*9. ner acterepealed, 8 Geo. ». c. ry. if Geo. i.oJpy^ MGeo.J. cupo, }eoi y c. 85. fo far as relates to the parUh bPSt. George Hanover ate.- Ekpences of the act.	r	^

!*'*. .	*	.C	A	P. LXXVh — ’

act fby rivfving certain powers granted by at\ acf mide hi the tenth ear bf tfee^igjti of hUprefefit Majefty, (intituled, An act fpr dividing ndjScJbfibg Uich of the open parts of the diftrfet called the Foreft dktri^cfborcugh, in the bounty of York, as He wHtrtu the tleveh tmftitfferjea thereof; and F6r other ptorpofes therein mentioned^irtd pf tbe fourteenth year of bis Majefty*s reign, for amending ifer'act; andfpr making the faid two acts more effectual.

^private aCt. no. 91.} 14 Geo. 3. Redttldf powers to make e&l .RicifaJ of the power to tenants For lift' to borrow yot. per Rrcital tnatthecomfdifTionersexecuted theirgenera! Butler, Witligm Chippeqdale, John FlintofF, and Thomas Commtdipncrs.William Hill, and Richard Ridmrdfon, rer of exchange by parties |nterefted. Copyhold ex-.t chold to be freehold, and fo vice verfa. Rectors, etc. ge lands, etc. Atthout licence. Tenants for life may bor-nts as they dhbld have done under the former afts. To , Iritereft. PfQvifioii for eftablifhing the outboundarics of tapdl tying open to waftes of other places. Other parties cm-foi

ftd to exchange for the better fettling the boundaries. *00 acres rtwax Harrowgate for the benefit of perfons at the fpas. Certain to be iraifed therewith. Commiffionera may make rules prevail hg'aftd punching abqres. For veiling a power to alter rules her th^kfithbrity df the corntniTTioners (hall cehfe. Orders to be filed : Knafefobfou&h. Refirictions, fare only laying out tbe money. Ground s befhcfoftd' from the wafte,land, etc. not to exceed aoo acres. Ap* eklt4 |he Quarter felfioris.

4;; w cap. xxxvn.

In^aetfor continuing and making more effectual the acts, of parliament forWpetMBg, clean ling, repairing, and improving the harbour of South* wold, in the county of Suffolk.

■o Gee. i.c. 14. and go.Geo. a. c. 58. recited, and further continued or 30year*(except where hereby altered.) Coramiffioners, high Reward ad bailiffs of South wold, and the knights of the (hire for the county, if Suffolk, and 15 others. Qualification of commiffioners, 501. per inn. or spool, Two commitfioners may adjourn.. To pay their own apences. Chairman to have the calling vote. Commiffioners. may get • juBicca. Offi:ers taking fees to forfeit jol. From June *4# 1789, the . H h h %	n i duties

Digitized by VjjOOQLC

S13



Anno vicefimo nono Georgii III. c.78. [1789.

f > drift* inipoled by theredltd	thf	dultctin^lSri^lc

% *-to4h4* aft to be paid. Cofeimlfliolers to rate articles not fpepiuj intk fcbedule. Duties to be paid before departure of veflels fro* the hr-hour, etc. Double duties to be paid by foreign vrifets. Collectors nay admeafure vefTeU. Tonnage to be ascertained, according to S Asar, giv No cooyuet to be made out till the duties be paid. Q&er may diflrain for tbe duties The duties are to be applied to repair the harbour. Commiffioner* may examine perfons liable to the duties, apoa oath. Commilfionert may lower tbe dotted, and raife them agan,a&d may direct tbe mooring and ballafting of vefiels, and prevent rocnad-. menu. Account of reocipt* and payment* to be fat«Un«xfly.,;$m com mi ffl oners may borrow money. Five commiflioSeis niay act, aid none of their orders to be revoked, unlefs nine at a fuhfrqaent «eetic§ concur therein. Eleven commifljooer* may make bye-lm. Appeal CommUfioner* may compound penalties and award lafamerv Ship belonging to South wold exempted from the duties for rcpaihagfrmr harbour. Proceeding* not to be quaflied for want of turn, nor it moveable by Certiorari. Tender of amends. Limitattoi of atm General tfne. TifcbkcOfts. Bates as io ichedule.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An ad for dividing, Indofing, and draining, the open fcfch, top, patures, common*, and wafte grounds, within the to*ti(hip* of Wet Haddlefey, Chapel Haddlefey, and Eaft Haddleiey, and Temple IB, in the pari/h of Burkin, in the weft riding of the county of Yoik.

Three commiifconerp, Survey. Claim* to be J»d before the cook-ftonen, to determine what part of certain eftates is covered by note Allotment* to the redor for tythes. Certain Unds to (je.fct redor as pert of hit aUotaienu. CompenGitioa for tythes of old tab fores, where the proprietors have not foflident property is be incloied. Power to determine u hether certain eftites art fab^tt a modus, or to tythe rn kind. Allotment* to lord Steffiekl forth! fiaL Allotment for getting done, etc. Allotment for tbe commas**iterf of oertaia parts of tbe lands. Allotment of the refidue of tkcooiwr* Allotment of the refidue of the fields, inl and paftcfei. Povern make exchanges. Redor may leafe his allot merit. Comniffioam '* make embankments, and fet out roads, etc* Not to dnm;tkbaM of Selby canal, but to be a foreihoee of 5 yards,wide, and ttatastiniift one foot highj Future repair of the bantu to belong to Wijpan^ CockcH and the truftces of John Sawyer. William CockelT, etc. nbt to enter s the land* of others without proper notice. No (beep or attic to ^

: depaftured io the allotments for ieven years. Award- When iockfo ' fimfbed, all right of common to ceafc. Recovery of tytbes, etc. da before making the award to George Alderfon thf redor. x era to dired the allowance for timber, etc. Increafed rest to be ps:' , by tenants for year*. The ad not to ailed any former chute spoote lands to be indorfed. Upon death of any redor, his reprefcitattai u' have a proportion of the rents pod profits to his death. Farmen qw •ting their firms, their fummer crops' to be fubjed to tytha: Tex; of the allotments to he exchanged, which before Were cofftbokL.to k deemed copyhold, and thofe before freehold to be deemed rreebo^ Comntiffioners to appoint'the courfe of hufbandry. Allowance for crop growing at the time of the divifion. Former htdgertnay be coatimw flndofurcs to be -made and preferved at the expence of tbe omen Redor’* allotment tojbe indofed at the general exprifc&^FfojHrty , mar mark and ftake Aut their allotments, and guard their qaickib Gaps to be left In1 tfie fences. Rails may be let acrofs the adjoin: ditches* ' Rxpetidei3>f the ad to be paid by tfTe owners. Redor not:: bftfoi$ed?t* thtexpspees of ahead.* Power <0hmjmffWfotof > At the rate of 40*. per acre. Allowance to the	&•

veyors. Coihihyrioners to riceount. Appeal.

General faring. *

AN

Digitized by v^ooQle

A N

ALPHABETICAL INDEX

TO THE

STATUTES at LARGE;

ifled in the twenty-feventh Year of the Reign of King George 111.; in the Year of our Lord, one thoufanrf{even hundred and eighty-feven, being the fourth Seffion of the fixteenth Parliament of Great Britain, which began the twenty-third Day of	,

one thou (and feven hundred and eighty-feven, and ended by Prorogation the thirtieth Day of May following.

A.

Aberbrolhock.

\CTS ii Geo. 2. c. 4. and 3 Geo. 3. c. 28. as to duty on c fold in Alxrbrotbock continued/ !hap. 46. p. 266.

Accounts.

p.	208. (fee Licences). Chap. 31. f. 32.p.223.(fee&rr^/). Chap. 53. f. 18. p. 278. (fee Hatfield Cbace) , Chap. 61. f. 25. p. 261. (fee Grantham).

3.	ASions for ufing new patterns for printing linen, &c. to be brought in fix months, and defendant may plead the general iflue, and if he

J>revails have full colls. Chap. 38..

. 2. p. 261.

. Commiffioners of cuftoms may fettle accounts of collectors or receivers of cufloms, who have applied money to other branches of the revenue. Chap. 13. f. 25. p. 36.

. The feveral boards of revenue to keep quarterly accounts, and the treafury to lay them annually be-for parliament. Chap. 13. f. 72. p. 68.

A3ions.

1.	For penalties on a£l againft unlawful lotteries, to be brought in lix months, and bail given for 500L Chap. 1. f. 2. p. 3.

1.	The time limited for bringing adlions, for adiing under the following adts, viz. Chap. 28. f. 14. p. 203. (fee Glafs). Chap. 30 .f. 0. Vol. XXXVI.

Admijfms.

See Indemnity 2.

Affidavits.

1.	Power given to the court of fcf-fion of Cbefler, to appoint perfons to fwear affidavits, and take bail. Chap. 43. p. 263.

2.	But affidavits not to be fworn within a mile of Chefiery in feffion time. Chap. 43. p. 263.

See Attornies.

Aggregate Fund.

800,000l.and ioo,oooh payable to the King, &c. by 1 Geo. 3. c. r. and 17 Geo. 3. c. 21. and all the other annuities charged thereon, to X	be

Digitized by Google

306	Ale

be paid out of the confolidated fund, •nd all powers relating thereto continued. Chap* 13. f. 63. 68. p, 62.

Ale Duty.

See Abirbrotbocky Dumfries.

Allowances.

To dealers in wine, for flock in hand above 252 gallons, to be paid oiit of the revenue of cxcifc. Chap. 31.

р.	208.

America.

A<fls 23 Geo. 3. c.39. and 24 Geo. 3.

с.	45. for regulating the trade between the King’s fubje&s, and the inhabitants of the united ftates of Ame-ricay continued and rendered more effectual. Chap. 7. p. 15.

Commiffioners appointed to enquire further into lolles, and fervices of loyalifls in America. Chap. 39. p. 262.

Annuities.

x. An annuity of 2000/. a year, granted to fir John Skynner knight, late lord chief baron of the exchequer. Chap. 12. p. 22.

2.	Annuities for lives, payable at the exchequer, not claimed for three years, prior to 5 January^ 1787, or

„ within the like time hereafter, to be placed to the account of the commiffioners, for reducing the national debt. Chap. 13. f. 69. p. 61.

3.	The exchequer to give an account annually, to the treafury of annuities fallen in or unclaimed. Chap. 13. f. 61. p. 62.

4.	cut if any claimants appear they axe to be paid.

See Confolidated Annuities.

Appeals.

1. An appeal to the quarter feffions,

App

by the pawnbrokers* act. Chap. 3;. r. 30. p. 259.

2.	Alfo by the a& for paving Send* wicb. Chap. 33. p. 235.

Appropriation.	\

Of the fupplies granted for fee year, 1787. Chap. 33. p. 235.

Attormes.

The time enlarged for filing affidavits, of the execution of indentures of clerks. Chap. 40. p. 262.

B.

Bales of Goods.

See Cuflms.

Bail.

i.T N adlions on the lottery *3, de-JL fendant to give bail for not more than 500/. Chap. 1. f.9. p. 3. a. Power to take fpecial bail, in coarc of feflion of Cbtfter. Chip, 11 f. 2. p. 264.

See Affidavits.

Barrels.

Every barrel of French beer, ale. or mum, to be deemed to comae 36 gallons, Englij beer meafurc. Chap. 31. f. 27. p. 221.

Beer.

A& *6 Geo. 3. c. 40. not too-tend to beer exported, and the dn<-backs due fince Auguft j, 1786, e be paid. Chap. 31. f. 24. p. tty

See

Bills of Exchange.

The negotiating bills of exebtu?,

ad

Digitized by <^.ooQle

Bid

and promlfory notes in	for

201. and lefs than 5 L retrained by a£)s 15 Geo. 3. c. 51. and 17 Geo. 3. c. 30. made perpetual. Chap. 16. p. 176.

Blankvey Pari/h.

See Fens. Chap. 66. p. 304.

Bridges.

See Gainjborough. Chap. 15. p. 176.

Briftol.

For dividing the parish of St. ’James in	Briftol; and	for building a new

chtirch, and providing a church yard, and parfonage houfe to the new parilh. Chap. 49. p. 268.

Bahama .

See Importation and Exportation.

Chap. 27. p. 193.

€.

CaUicoes.

SEE French Goods. Chap. 13. f. 22. p. 34.

Camberwell.

For lighting and watching the village of Camberwell in Surry, and places adjoining. Chap 52. p. 269.

7..	To pay the truftees of Peckham ao /. per ann. for the terrace, f. 5. p. 269.

3.	Not to pay the patrol, from Peek* bam to London, f. 7. p. 269.

Cambricks.

X.	Cambricks and French lawns may be imported, worn, and fold, and if imported before this adl made.

Can	307

to pay duty; and if feized before, that time, may be fold for home con-fumption.Chap. 13. f 23,24^.35.

2.	If cambricks imported in (hips lefs than 60 tons; or in quantity lefs than 100 pieces, or 200 demi-pieces, to be forfeited. Chap. 13. r. 24. p. 36.

3.	French cambricks imported for exportation before 10 May, 1787, may be taken out of the King’s warehoufe, on paying the difference of duties, or not being ware-houfed, on making entry and paying duty. Chap. 32. f. 17, ifiL p. 232.

4.	None to be profecuted for having French cambricks in cuftody, prior to May 10,1787. Chap. 32. f* 19*

р.	232.

Canals.

1.	The courfe of the canal from the river Forth, to the river Clyde, by adfs 8 Geo. 3. c. 63; 11 Geo. 3.

с.	62; 13 Geo. 3. c. 104; and 24 Geo. 3. c. 59, altered, and a collateral cut made to Glafgow. Chap.

55- p. 278.

2.	The magiftrates of Paijley enabled to make a navigable canal, from the river Cart, crofs the turnpike road from Glafgow to Greenock. Chap. 56. p. 279.

Candles.

1.	Entries of candle matters, not deemed withdrawn, till all duties paid. Chap. 31. f. 18. p. 215.

2.	Officers of excife, not to enter houfe of candle makers, from 11 at night, till 5 in the morning, without a peace officer (except as mentioned). Chap. 31. f. 20. p. 216.

3.	If moulds not locked up, candle makers forfeit joo). Chap. 31, f. 22. p. 218.

Canr

X*

Digitized by Tooele

308

Can

Canterbury.

The ftreets of the city, and liter; ties, to be paved. Chap. 14. p. 176. N.B. By f. 63, no ftallion to be thewn within the walls of the • city.

Cart River.

See Canals.

Chairmen.

•Bee Margate. Chaji. 45. p. 266.

Cot	1

3.	This duty may he teed bj | 7 Jbbnd ; but if another reqwtd be* for* that is due, to hare threefe-Jcurities* and m be in peaakjof 4000/. Chap. 32. f. 22,^3.^233.

Cocoa Nuts.

Powers in force on paffing 24 Geo. 3. c. 38. to extend tofecuring the duty therebv repealed, and alio to levying the auties of exafc hid this fefiion on cocoa nuts and coffee. Chap. 31. f. 26. p. 221.

Chejler.

See Affidavits. Cfiap. 35. p. 263.

Churchv

See Stonehouffe (Eajl) Devon. Chap,. 17. p. 176. — Brijlol {St, James') Chap. 49. p, a6g. — Hanley, Siaf-fordjfhire. Chap. 62. p. 292. Wan-Jleadi Effex.	Chap. 63. p. 293.

Portffmouth common, in parifh of Portffea. Chap. 64. p. 293.

Churchwardens,	Overfeers of

the Poor.

To profecute for offences, in regard to pawnbrokers, at the expence of the parifh. Chap. 37. f, 23. p. 257.

Coalmines.

1.	The treafury enabled to purchafo of the proprietors of the coalmines ol Pittferr an in Fifejhire, the right of exemption of duty on coals exported from thence. Chap. 21* p. 182.

2.	Duty on coals carried coaftways, to be charged on all carried by fea, from port to port, except where otherwife directed by 27 Geo. 3. t. 13. Chap. 32. f. 21. p. 233*

CommiJJfoners,

See America. Chap- 39. p. 262. —

Tees. Chap. 35. p. 24i.—Lnita.

Chap. 47. p. 266.

Commitment.

See Penalties,

Conffolidated Fuel

1.	From 10 May, J787, all money paid into the exchequer, and no* otherwife appropriated, to be carried to the confolidated food. Chap. 13. f. 52. p. 50.

2.	The annuities for lives or years fpecified, the debts due to thc&stf Sea company, bank of

and the South Sea annuities per-chafed by the bank; {even!fortsot 3percent. annuities, tpertmt.m-iolidated annuities, 5 per tent annuities, long annuities, and fatten annuities and alt charges thereof to be paid out of the fame fund, tod then the annuities due to the ft-veral companies in the propottioH mentioned, and after deducing tfec feveral annuities, to be paid tbcfr out by confent of proprietors. Chap. 13. f. 53. p. 51.

3.	If this fund infufficient, the tro-fury to make good the deficiency,

to

Digitized by

Google

Cor

*> oe paid out of any future fur-plus. Chap. 13. f. 58. p. 59.

4.	And then 250,000/. to be fet apart quarterly out of this fund according 10 6 Geo. 3. c. 31. Chap. 13. f. 59. p. 60.

5.	T he duty on licences for retailing fpirituous liquors to be carried to this fund. Chap. 30. f. 8. p. 207.

6.	24,000 /. granted gut of this fund:, with other money appropriated for theferviceoftheyear, 1787. Chap. 33 P- 235-

Corn. *

See JVheat. Chap. 36. p. 242.

Cojls^ Full.

r. By a<5l for fupprefling unlawful v lotteries, the defendant if conyi&ed to pay full cods as well as penalty. Chap. 1. f. 2. p. 3. n By a<ft for encouragement of arts, &c. (fee Patterns) on adtion for offences, if defendant prevail to have full cods. Chap. 38. f. 2. p. 2di.	•

Coftsy Double.

Adis under which double cofts are 1 ireeled.—See Pawnbrokers. Chap. J7. f. 27. 258. Grantham. Chap. >1. f. 25. p. 280.

Cojts,Treble.

Adis under which treble cods are liredled. — See Lotteries. Chap. 1.

11. p. ij.—Glafs. Chap. 28. - 14. p. 203. Poft Horfes. Chap, l6, f. 17. p. 193. Licences for re-ailing Spirituous Liquors. Chap. 30. . 9. p. 208. Excife. Chap. 31. *. 32. p. 223. Affidavits. Chap, h3*	94* P* 263. Briflol. Chap,

r9# f. 52. p. 268. Devonfhire Gaol. Jhap. 59. f. 10. p. 279. Hanley Chapel. Chap. 62. f. 31. p. 292. Vanfleod Church* Chap. 63. f. 18.

Cou	309

p.293. Portfmouth Chapel. Chap.64. f. 59. p. 293. Blankney Parijb. Chap. 66. f. 71. p. 304. Sandwich Paving. Chap. 67. f. 65. p. 304.

Court of Criminal Judicature,

1.	The King enabled to eftablilh a court of criminal judicature, on

*	the eaftern coaft of New South Wales, and the parts adjacent. Chap. 2. p. 7.

y. The method of proceeding therein prescribed, and to be a cdurt of

•	record. Chap. 2. f. 2, 3. p. 9#

Court of Seffion.

See Affidavits.

Cumberland.

The duke of Cumberland not liable to land tax% Chap. 5. p. 15.

Cuftoms.

1.	The duties of cuftoms and drawbacks (except package due to the city of London, or any other corporation) to ceafe from 10 May, 1787. Chap. 13. f. 1. p. 23.

2.	From thence in lieu thereof, the duties contained in fchedules A.

B.	C. D. and E. (except as therein provided) to be levied, and the drawbacks fpecified to be allowed. Chap. 13. f, 2. p, 24.

3.	To be under the coinmiflioners of cuftoms in England and Scotland refpedtively, and levied and allowed as the old duties and drawbacks, and the penalties, bounties, and premiums, &c. and all adts relative to the cuftoms, not altered, to continue, and the duties to be con-folidated, and applied to the pub-lick revenue. Chap. 13. f, 25.

P- 36-

4.	Goods whereon duties are payable by weight, being damaged,

X 3	the.

Digitized by Google

3i°	Cvf

the damage to be allowed for according to the proof, and the goods may be laden and unladen, and the officers to attend, and have the fame fees as before. Chap. 13.

f- 33.34- P-39-	_	r	.

5.	Officers may open bales of goods (hipped for exportation, but this not to extend to veflels, coming from Afta* Africa* or America. Chap. 32. f. 10. p. 227.

6.	Further provifions made in regard to veflels, deferibed in a& 24 Geo.

3.	f. 2. c. 47; and for extending the fame to other veflels and boats. Chap. 32. p. 223.

7.	The fevcral laws amended relative to the revenue of the cuftoms. Chap. 32. p. 223.

8.	Commiffioners may reftore goods, &c. feized, on conditions, being fatisfled no fraud was intended. Chap. 32. f. 15. p. 230.

9.	But if the conditions are not complied with, the goods to be condemned. Chap. 32. f. 15. p. 230.

10.	Perfons accepting the conditions, not to have recompence for feizure. Chap. 32. f. 15. p. 230.

D.

Dev

ing the price fet, and then fold, and a moiety of the dear produce to go to the officer. Chap. 13. f. 17. p. 30.

Dcvonfhirt.

The gaol for Dexnn/biri declared to be a publick common gaol, and Denys Rolle and John Relit and their heirs, difeharged from being keepers thereof, and the fame to be improv-ed and enlarged, or a new one built. Chap. 59. p. 279.

Dominica.

See Importation and Expcrtet'un. Chap. 27. p. 193.

Drawbacks.

As to cuftoms, not to be allowed except on goods properly entered tod exported within three years, and the drawbacks claimed within two years after (hipped; nor unlefs fuch drawback be due by fome a St in force 10 May, 1787. Chap. 13. f. 3.9. p. 24.

Droits, (/indent).

See Margate. Chap. 45.

Death.

SE E Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

Debts (Publick).

All ads relating thereto to continue in force (except as hereby altered.) Chap. 13. f. 6. p. 26.

Declarations.

The value of goods non enumerated, to be ascertained by the declaration of the importer and exporter, which are to bind them refpedively as if on oath, and if undervalued may be taken for the crown on pay-

Duchy of Lancafttr.

See Lancafier Duchy.

Dumfries.

The duty on ale and beer there by 3 Geo. i. c. 6 ; 10 Geo. 2 c. 7; and 2 Geo. 3. c. 55; continued and for paving the ftreets. Chap. 57. p. 279.

E.

Eafl India Company.

1.	OODS imported from place VJT within their charter not fpe-. cifipd in the/chednlefAJ to belub-

jed

Digitized by CjOOQle

Eaf

:<Sfc to duties In table (B). Chap. 3-	15- P- 29*

To pay their duties to the re-eiver general of the cuftoms. 3hap. 13. f. 27. p. 36.

The company may continue their jvarehoufes already built and build lew ones, above 35 fquares each, not fubjedt to the building aft 14 Geo. 3. c. 78. Chap. 48. p. 267.

See Manifejls.

Exc	311

chequer bills iffued by virtue of the nralt aft. Chap. 4. p. 12.

2.	Bor railing 2,500,000/. by loans or exchequer bills as directed by the malt aft. Chap. 23. p. 187.

3.	The like for raifing 1,500,000/. more. Chap. 24. p. 180

4.	The like for raifing i,cqo,000/. more. Chap. 25. p. 180.

Exchequer.

See Annuities 2.

Eaft Sfonehoufe.

For building the chapel of Eaft onehoufe in Devonjbire. Chap. 17. 176.

Ebony.

To be manufaftured, may be im-:>rted from Africa duty free. Chap.

2.	f. 25. p. 235.

Eccleftaftical Courts.

. Suits therein for defamatory words to be commenced in 6 months. Chap. 44. f. j. p. 266.

. No fuit for fornication or incontinence, or for ftriking or brawling in church or churchyard, above 8 months after offence, nor for fornication at any time after the parties are married. Chap. 44. f. 2. p. 266.

Edinburgh.

The ftreets there widened, &c. and afts 25 Geo. 3. c. 28; and 26 Geo. 3. c. 113; amended. Chap. 51. p. 269.

The charter of the corporations of furgeons of Edinburgh, 10 far as relates to a fcheme for raifing a charitable fund, &c, confirmed. Chap.

65.	p. 293.

Exchequer Bills, b To pay 4/. 10;, per cent, on ex*

Excife.

1.	From 10 May% 1787, the excife duties (except on malt, mum, cyder and perry, by 26 Geo. 3. c. 6. and 27 Geo. 3. c. 4; and alio except the duty on licences granted by the commiffioners of excife) to ceafe, and in lieu thereof other duties granted, as fpecified in fche-dule (F). Chap. 13. f. 35. p. 40.

2.	Powers in 24 Geo. 3. c. 4. to extend.to fecure the repealed duties, and alfo to the duties on cocoa nuts, and coffee. Chap. 31. f. 26* p. 220.

3.	The new duties to be under the commiffioners of excife and railed, and drawbacks allowed fubjeft to the fame conditions and proportions, and applied to the fame purposes as before. Chap. 13. f. 36.

P-4**

4. The commiffioners of excife to tranfmit a quarterly account of the hereditary duties of excife, granted by 12 Charles 2. c. 24; and 1 Geo. 3. c. 2; 12 Charles 2. c. 23; and 9 Geo. 2. c. 23. to the exchequer, and the money arifing to be fet apart after the King’s demile and paid to his fucceffors. ' Chap.

13. r. 51. p. 47.

5.	For amending Several laws relating to excife. Chap. 31. p. 208.

6.	Commiffioners to provide frames to denote the meafuring French callicoes and other piece goods en-

X 4	num*.

Digitized by Google

314	Ext

numerated, to be marked there* with, and with (lamps to denote the duty paid. Chap. 31. f. 10,

11.	p. 213.

7.	Officers of excife may adminitter the neceflary oaths on exportation of goods entitled to drawback or bounty. Chap. 31. f. 25. p. 220.

See French Goods. Chap. 31. f. 15. p.214.

Exeter.

For taking down the chapel in the cattle of Exeter % &c. Chap. 59. p. 279.

Exportation.

Sec Importation. Chap. 27. p. 193.

F.

Fees.

COmmiflioners appointed further to enquire into the fees, gratuities, perquifites, and emoluments received in the feveral publick offices, and to examine into abufes therein, and report their observations for better conducing the bufinefs. Chap,

35.	p.241.	.

Ads 25 Geo. 3. c. 19; and %p Geo. 3. c. 66 j continued.

Felony without Clergy.

I,	Counterfeiting or felling counterfeit ftamps on paper, felony without clergy. Chap. 13. f. 46. p. 45.

2.	The like of ftamps on callicoes.

Chap. 31. f. 13, 14. p. 214. ^

3.	Counterfeiting ftamps of^feizure the like. Chap. 32. f. 14. p. 230.

4.	Representing another perfon as Special bail, felony without clergy. Chap. 43* ^* 4' P* ^5'

Fens.

For dividing and incIoGng the low

Fif

lands and common fens,inthe hamlets of Martin and Limvood, and the pa-ridles of Timbtrland and Blantaey in Lincolnshire. Chap. 66, p. 304.

Fifli and Ftfherics.

1.	The bounty of 20/. per ton granted by 26 Geo. 3. c. 81. extended to all Britijb (hips. Chap. 10. p. 17.

2.	Fi(h caught by veflcls built in the King’s dominions, and manned by his European fubje&s, may be imported duty free. Chap. 13. f. 32. P- 39-

Flajks.

Wherein wine or oil is imported the duty taken off. Chap. 32, f. a. p. 226.

Forces.

See Mutiny. Chap. 6. p. 15.

Forth River.

See Clyde. Chap. 20. p. 182.

Forfeitures.

Goods found with a counterfet (lamp of feizure forfeited, and alb 500 /• Chap. 32. f. 14. p. 229.

Sec French Goods.

French Goods«

1.	From 10 May% 1787, to 10 1800, the articles ennumerated may be imported from the French King’s European dominions on the duties in tables (C and F). Chap.

13.	f. 22. p. 34.

2.	Frsncbfovms. See Cam hr: els. Chap.

12.	f. 23. p. 35.

3.	Callicoes and other French goods ennumerated to be entered in 30 days after report, with the cd-

lc&ar

:ed by Google

Fan

Icftot of cxcifcyor the duties to be paid or the goods forfeited, and may be feized by the officer of ex-cife. Chap. 31. f. 8, 9. p. 211.

4.	On oath of fufpicion of having .Fremb calJicocs, &c. in cuftody undamped by order (in limits of excife office) of the commiffioners, and out of, by zjuftices (with a peace officer) in, the day time, houfes may be fearched by excife officer. Chap. 31. f. 15. p. 214.

5..If fuch goods found unmarked (except (hipped for exportation) forfeited and alfo 100/. Chap. 31. f. 16. p. 215.

Sec BarrelCamtricks, Wine. Funds.

See Aggregate and Confolidated Funds.

Gen	’313

28.	f. 14. p. 203. Licences on Spirituous Liquors. Chap. 30. f. 9. p. 223. Excife Aft. Chap. 31. f. 32. p. 223. Pawnbrokers. Chap. 37. f. 27. p. 258. Patterns for Linens, fcfr. Chap. 38. f. 2. p. 261. Lot-tery Aft. Chap. 41. p. 262. Margate. Chap. 45. f. 94. p. 2(36. 2W-Jiol Church. Chap. 49. f. 52. p. 268. Hatfield Chace. Chap. 53. f. 18. p. 287. Devonjbire gaol. Chap. 59. f. 10. p. 279. Stafferdjhirt Gaol. Chap. 60. f. 51. p. 279. Grantham Town-hall. Chap. 61. f. 21. p. 280. Hanley Chapel. Chap. 62. f. 31. p. 292. Wanfiead Church. Chap. 63. f. 18. p. 243. Portfmouth Common Chapel. Chap. 64. f. 59. p. 293. Parijb of Blankney. Chap. 66. f. 71. p. 304. Sandwich Paving. Chap. 67. f. 65. p. 304.

G.

Gaols.

SEE Devonjbire. Chap. 59. p. 279.

Staffer d/bire. Chap. 60. p. 279. SuJJex. Chap. 58. p. 279.

Gainjborough.

For building a bridge over theTwrt From Gainjborougb to the parilh of Saunjby in Nottinghamfbire. Chap. 15.

?♦ I76*

Gazelle.

One months notice in the gazette of time and place of letting port oorfe duty to farm. Chap. 26. f. 3.

». 189.

General IJfue.

A<5fs under which defendants be-ng fued for, adling purfuant thereof, may plead the general iflue’, ind give the fpecial matter in evi-ience. Lottery Office Aft. Chap, t. f. 11. p. 7. PofiHorfes. Chap. s,6. f. 17. p. 193. Glaft Duty. Chap,

Geneva {Foreign).

An additional duty of per gallon and a drawback of per gallon, allowed on foreign geneva imported. Chap. 32. f. 24.. p. 234.

George {St.) Hanover Square.

For rendering effectual a purchafe of a workhoufe at	C, for the parilh of St.	George,Hanover Square.

Chap. 54. p. 278.

Gla/s.

1.	Duty granted on glafs imported

from	France,to be under the com-

miflioners of excife. Chap. 28. f, j, 2. p. 197.

2.	Drawbacks on home made glafs exported. Chap. 28. f. 4. p. 199.

3.	In lieu of the prefent duty of excite, and feveral alterations made. Chap. 28. f. 5. p. 200.

Glafgow.

See Canals. Chap. 55. p. 278.

Gloucejler.

Digitized by C,ooQle

3»4

Glo

Gloucefier.

The duke of Gloucefier not liable to land tax. Chap. 5. p. 15.

Goods.

1.	Goods permitted to be entered duty free to continue fo, unlefs charged by the fchedules (A. B.

C.	D. and E.). See cufioms. Chap.

13.	f. 8. p. *7. a. But not to be imported or exported contrary to former ads, uiffefs permitted by this ad. Chap. 13. (. 10. p. 27.

3.	All goods imported to be entered at the cuftom houfe (except diamonds, jewels, pearls, precious ftones, and bullion, and frefh fifh taken and imported by Britijb fhips, and alfo except turbots and lobfters). Chap. 13, f. 12. p. 28.

4.	Goods whole duties are not fixed by fchedule (A) to be fubjed to duties and drawbacks in table fD) (except otherwife exempted or imported by the Eofi India company). Chap. 13. f. 13. p*. 29.

5.	Goods whereof' no entries made, whereon the duties are reduced by Chap. 13. of this feffion to be fubjed to thofe duties only. Ste ra/. toms. Chap. 32. f. 20. p. 232.

Grantham in Lincolnjhire.

For taking down and rebuilding the town hall at Grantham. Chap. 61. p. 280.

Grenada.

See Importation and Exportation. Chap. 27. p. J93.

H.

Hanaper Office.

i- A FTER the Kings demife JL \ 2000/. per ann. to be paid out of the alienation office for

Han

charges of this office, and the for* plus of the new wine licence doty over aod above 7,002/. 3I per ann. (dire&ed to be paid to the King and his fuccefibrs) to be carried to the conlolidited find. Chap. 13. f. 49. p. 47.

2.	The powers by 23 Geo. 2. c. 15. extended to the duties by this act Chap. 13. f. 67. p. 67.

Hanley, Slaffordflnre.

For taking down and rebuilding the chapel there, and veiling the right of nomination in truflees, &c. Chap. 62. p. 292.

Harbours.

See Margate. Chap- 45. p. 266.

Hatfield Chace.

For draining the level there anf pans adjacent in the counties of Tsri\ Lincoln, and Nottingham. Chap. 53. p. 269.

Hemp and Flax.

See Linens imported. Chap. 13. f. 65. p. 64.

Hides.

So much of 9 Geo. 3. c. 39. as relates to the free importation of nw hides and fkins from Ireland and its Britijb plantations continued to 1 June, 1791. Chap. 36. f. x. p.242.

Houjhold.

The qualification required of the mailer of the King’s houthold as a commiffioner of the land tax. Cht?.

5.	r. 99. p. 14.

Hydrometer.

Till 5 April, 1788, all fpirits to b( deemed of the degreeofftrengthwhki Qlar\t’i hydrometer, tried by the «• cife officer, (hall denote, Chap, jt, f< 17, p. ^15,

I* /*'

3*5

« Imp

I.

Importation and Exportation.

GOODS enumerated, allowed to be imported and exported in fe-veral ports in Jamaica, Granada, Dominica, and in New Providence one of the Bahama iflands, under regulations till i Sept. 1792, and to the end of the next fefTton. Chap. 27. p. 193*

Indemnity.

1.	To indemnify thofe who have omitted to qualify themfclves for offices; and juft ices of peace for not regiftering qualifications; and further time given. Chap. 40. p. 262.

1.	Alfo to indemnify members of corporations, whofe admiffions have not been damped, or are loft, and to allow further time to provide ftamps. Chap. 40. p. 262.

Inhabitants.

May be witneffes. See Sandwich >aving a A. Chap. 67. f. 62. p. 304.

Innkeepers.

Only to travel to the next market own to pay the duty. See Poji Horfe ft. Chap. 26. f. 14. p. 192*

Ire Invalids.

See Mutiny. Chap. 6. p. 15.

Ireland.

See Poftcge. Chap. 9. p. 16.

Irwin, Lady Frances.

See Gaols. Chap. 58. p. 279.

Judges.

Their falaries eftabliflied by 12 Geo. 1. c. 25 32 Geo. 2. c. 35. 5 Geo. 3. c. 47. and 12 Geo. 3. c.30; to be paid out of the confolidated fund. Chap. 13. f. 66. p. 65.

Juftices of the Peace.

1.	May commit vagrants, &c. for fmall offences, either to the common goal or to the houfe of correction. Chap. 11. p. 22.

2.	Difputes about pawning goods to be fettled by juftices of the peace. Chap. 37. 1. 17. p. 254.

3.	Juftices or their clerks not to have fees for aCting under the pawnbrokers aCt. Chap. 37. f, 25. p. 238.

4.	Juftices may order conftables to give account of marines to be quartered. Chap. 3. f. 43. p. 12.

See Indemnity. Chap. 40. p. 262*

Infurance.

lee Lottery Offices. Chap.i.f.6,7. p.5.

. When infurance made the ticket to be depolited for the remaining time of drawing with the receiver general of ftamps, or his deputy, and may be affigned with the infurance without ftamps. Chap. 1. f. 5, 6. p. 5.

Perfons not duly licenfed, making infurance, liable to the lame penalties as for keeping an unlicenfed lottery office. Chap. i. f. 7. p. 5,

K.

King, fcfc.

1.	T^HE treafury empowered to

A fell certain houfes and ground belonging to the King. Chap. 22. p. 185.	#	-

2.	After the King’s demife the 2000/. per ann. paid out of the revenue of the alienation office, for fupport of the hanaper office, and the furplus of the new wine licence duty, icc. to be carried to the con-folidated fund. Chap. 13.(49. p.47.

King's

Digitized by

Google

316	Kin

King's Warthovfes.

See Seized	Oteds. Chap. 3a.	f. 13.

p. 229.

L.

Lane after.

SO much of the aft of 16 Geo. 3.

c. 37. as relates to allowing the exportation of wheat, ice. to the fu-gar colonies from	L continued

to 1 May, 1788. Chap. 36. f. 2. p. 242.

Laucafter (Ducky).

Aft IQ Geo. 3. c. 45. touching fee farm and other rents in the duchy of Lancafltr to be fold; amended and power given to the chancellor of the duchy, &tc. to difeharge incumbran-•es. Chap. 34. p. 237.

Land Tax.



imported (granted by 7 Geo. 3. c. 58.) at the exchequer for the encouragement of raifing hemp and flax, fee. Chap. 13. T. 65. p. 64.

2a Adi 29 Geo. 2. c. 15. for granting a bounty on Britijb and Injb imeos exported, and taking off the dunes on raw linen yam made of fiax imported, continued till 24 Jwu, 1788, &c. Chap. 36. L 4. p. 242.

3.	Proprietors of original patterns for printing linens, &c. to have the foie right of printing them for two months, and the a& to continue one year. Chap. 38, p. 260.

4.	Other perfons printing the fame within that time, to be fubjed to adtion for damages, but the plates may be purchafed of ibe proprietors and ufed. Chap. 38. p. 261.

Lighting and Thatching.

See Camberwell. Chap. 52.

1.	Land Ax at 4;. in the pound for the year 1787. Chap. 5. p. 12.

2.	Where the (lamp, victualling, and navy office are to be aflefied. Chap.

5- f- 72* 73* 74- P- 13-

3.	For rectifying the commiffioners names and adding newones. Chap.

47.	p. 266.

Leith.

Linwood.

See Fens. Chap. 66.

. Loam.

See Exchequer B&s.

London.

For making a road from Leith to Edinburgh. Charp. 51. p. 269.

Licences.

1.	Additional duties laid on licences to deal by retail in fpirituous liquors. Chap. 30. p. 204.

2.	Mode of paying for licences from the excife yearly. Chap. 30. f. 2*

P- 2°5-

Linens.

I* 6,335/. 15/. to be annually fat apart out of the duties on linen

Cuftom duties colledled in Lcnda to be paid over to the receiver general the fame day. Chap. 13. f. 2;. P- 37*

Lotteries.

1.	The laws againft unlawful lotteries rendered more effectual. Chap.

1.	p. 1.

2.	The powers by 8 Geo. r. c. 2.; 12 Geo. 2. c. 28.; 17 Geo. 2. c

5.; and 22 Geo. 3. c. 47. continued in force, except fuch parts as arc altered. Chap. 1. f. j. p. 2.

3.	Ait 17 Geo. 2. c. 5, extended ro

*	telcn

Digitized by ^ooQle

Loy

dealers in tickets under %2 Geo. 3. c.47. ‘ Chap. 1; f. 6. p. 3. f. Offenders againft this a&, not to be liable to pecuniary penalties* and alfo to be punifhed as vaga* bonds. Chap. 1. f. 8. p. 6.

Nor liable to profecution on former lotteries, urUefs information made before 5 Ftf.j’jij. Chap* I. f. 9. p. 6.

>. 756,875/. railjBfl by a lottery of

50,000	tickets 15/. 2 s. 9 d. each, and 500,000/. in prizes divided amongft' 15*521 fortunate tickets, to be paid out of the fup^ plies on 1 Jun^. 1788. Chap. 41. p. 262.	*

Loyalty'^

Sec Amtrica. Chap* 39. p. 262.

Malt Duty.

rHE fame as annually. Chap.

4.	p* 12.

Manifefts.

The regulations by 26 Geo. 3. c. 40. not to' extend to beer exported, but the drawbacks to be paid as before. Chap. 31. f. 24. p. 210.	•

Manifefts required by the faid aft for (hips in the limits of the Eaft India company.to be delivered to and authenticated by the perfon who delivers the laft difpatches, having been the company’s fervant feven years, and for (hips for China by the company’s chief fupercargo there, and not by the officer of the cuftoms. Chap. 32. f. n.'p. 228.

VTanufaftures of Iron and Steel. :e	Tools.Chap. 36. f. 3. p. 242.

MarT31?

Margate.

for rebuilding the pier at Margate and eftablifhing duties in, lieu of ancient droits for fupporting the fame) and paving the town and parift) of St. John, and regulating porters and chairmen, &c. Chap. 45. p. 266.

Marines.

1.	Regulated whilft on fhore. Chap.

2.	May be exchanged in their quar-

ters, but their wives not to be quartered without .confent. Chap. 3. f. ao. 31. p. 9.	■	>

3.	Conftable quartering marines with,

out conient, forfeits 20J. Chap. 3. P- 10.	.	..

4.	Marine officer deftroyrng game to forfeit 3/. and bach-private man 20;. to the poor of the parilh. Chap. 3. f. 32. p.-Yd.

5.	Offences againft former ads may in three years be enquired of and punifhed by this *&. Chap. 3. T. 37, 38. p. 11.

6.	Marines while confined for debt to receive no pay. Chap. 3. f. 41.

p. ii.	••

7.	Conftables neglecting to quarter marines, or taking money to excure the fame, and victuallers refuting, to forfeit each 5 /. Chap.

3.	f. 42. p. 11.

Martin Hamlet.

See Fens. Chap. 66. p. 304.

Milford Haven.

See Pojl and Poji Office. Chap. 9. p. 16.

Militia.

For defraying the expence of their pay and doathing. Chap. 8. p. 16,

Mint,

Digitized by v^ooQle

318

Min

Mint.

From 10 May, 1787, the hreafury to order 1,500/. per am. to be ifluea for thepurpofes of the a<ft 27 Geo. c. ti. tor the mint. Chap. 13. f. 64. p.63.

Mutiny AR.

17.638 land forces including 2030 invalids. Chap. 6. p. 15.

N.

Navigation.

<£* E E Ships. Chap. 19. p. 176.

Newcaftle upon Tyne.

A playhoufe licenfed at NewcaJUe upon Tyne. Chap. 50. p. 268.

New	Provid.

See Importation and Exportation. Chap. 27. p. 193.

Notes (	Promif).

■ A£U 15 Geo. 3. c. 51. and 17 Geo.

3.	c. 30. made perpetual. Chap. 16. p. 170.

o.

Oaths.

DECLARATIONS of non enumerated goods not to be on oath of importer or proprietor. Chap.

13.	f. 17. p. 30.

See	Extift. Chap. 31. f. 25. p. 220.

Chap. 31. f. 25. p. 214. & 220.

Further time allowed to qualify for offices. Chap. 40. p. 262.

See	Witnoffts. Chap. 37. f. 27. p.as8.

Officers.

See CuJlomi,Excife,Penalties. Chap. 32. f. 10. 13. 25. p. 227.220.224.

of

Offices (Public!?

. See Foes. Chap. 35. p. 241. Indemnity. Chap. 40. p. 262.

Overfeers of the Poor.

See Churchwardens,

Chap. 37. f. 23. p. 257.

P.

Paper.

IN lieu of the duty on enumerated paper by 27 Geo. 3. c. 13. is to be paid for every fort not above the larged fize of neared the fame kind in the table, the duty neared above in fize and value to fuch fort: and above thelarged fize of the neared of the famefort, kind and weight, 1 duty in proportion to its fize. Cfy.

31.	f. 29. p. 222.

Papifis.

Further time allowed to inroil deeds, &c. Chap. 42. p. 263.

Parliament.

Quarterly accounts to be kept by the feveral boards of the fevenl branches of the publick revenue, sod the treafury to lay annually before parliament an account of the product of the cudoms, excife, damp duties, and incidents refpe&ively. Clap. 13. f. 72. p. 68.

Patterns for printing Linetu. See Linens. Chap. 38. p. 260.

Paving.

See Canterbury. Chap. 14. ££*■ burgh. Chap. 51. Morgan. Chap. 45. Dumfries. Chap. 57. Sat-with. Chap. 67.

Digitized by Google

Pmw-

Paw

Pawnbrokers,

he trade and bufinefs of pawrt->kers further regulated. Chap.

. p. 24a.

or counterfeiting pawnbrokers* >tes, liable to be committed for ree months, and not under one onth. Chap. 37. f. 6. p. 246.

The like punilhinent for offering > pawn goods, and the party not iving a good account of tnem-tlvcs. Chap. 37. f. 7. p. 246.

If goods are unlawfully pawned, he broker to reftore them on be-ng repaid, or to be committed till atisfaftion made. Chap. 37. f. 8. Per tons producing notes deemed owners, and if the note is loft the broker to give a copy. Chap. 37. f. 10. p. 242.

Goods pawneed deemed forfeited at the end of one year, but the owner may give notice not to fell them for 7 days beyond the year. Chap. 37. f. 12. p. 252.

. Hours of pawning limited, and if goods are fold before forfeited, of hurt, the broker to make farisfac-tion, with a penalty of 10 /. Chap. 37. f. 19. p. 255.

1.	Pawnbrokers to produce their books when neceffary, and if not kept regularly to forfeit 10/. and for other offences 5 /. each, to be levied by diftrefs. Chap. 37. f. 21. p. 257.

9.	Juftices may order 50 j. of the penalty to the profecutor, and the reft to the poor of the parifh, but information muft be given in 12 months. Chap. 37. f. 22. p. 257.

10.	This ad not to extend to perfons lending money at 5/. per cent. without further profit. Chap. 37. f. 24. p. 258.

Penalties.

1.	Penalties incurred under lottery ads 8 Geo. i. c. 2.; 12 Geo. 3. . o

Pen 319

c. 28.5 and 22 Geo. 3. c. 47. may be fued for by any perfon in fix months after the fad, and to be divided equally between the King and the profecutor, with full cofts. Chap. x. f. 2. p. 3.

2.	The King’s (hare of penalties by this ad to- be paid to the receiver general of the (lamp duties. Chap.

1. f. io. p. 6.

3.	In adions for penalty on this ad, defendant to give bail for not more than 500/. Chap. 1. f. 9. p. 6.

4.	Conftables quartering marines’ wives without confent, penalty 20s. by diftrefs. Chap. 2. f. 31. p. to.

5.	Marine officers deft raying game, penalty 5 /. and forfeiture of com-miffion. Chap. 3. f. 32. p. 10.

6.	Conftables negleding to quarter marines, or taking money to ex-cuic, or viduallers refusing to receive them, 3 /. penalty. Chap. 3. f. 42. p. n.

7.	Penalties tinder this ad, by laws of excife, by adion~at tpyiminjier^ or iff Scotland, and divided between the King and the informer. Chap. 3. f. 7. p. 207.

8.	For counterfeiting frames for

meafuring French piece goods, penalty 100/. Chap. 31. f. 12. p. 213.

9.	For undamped callicoes found, except (hipped for exportation, penalty 100/. Chap. 31.fi 16. p. 215.

10.	Soapmakers not weighing materials before officers, penalty 50/. Chap. 21. f. 19. p. 216.

XI.	Candlemakcrsnotprovidingfaft-enings, or not locking up moulds, penalties 100/. Chap. 31. f. 21, 22. p. 218.

1 a. Officers not damping good% feized, or accepting fee, penalty 200/• and alfo difabled to ferve. Chap. 32. f. 13. p. 229.

13. For having (lamps of feizure in cuftody, not being authorized, penalty 500/. Chap. 32. f. 14. p. 229.

Digitized by Google	I4'	0

3«o	Pert.

14.	For pawning other perfons goods penalty 20 s.befides the value of fuch goods. Chap. 37. f. 5, p.

15.	/or counterfeiting pawnbrokers* notes, liable to commitment for 3 months and not under one month. Chap. 37. f. 6. p. 246.

r6. For forging certificates under poft horfe farming a6t, penalty 50/. Chap. 26. f. 9. p. 191.

Perifions.

See Annuities 1.

Penftons on excife or poll office to be paid as before. Chap. 13. f. 69. P-&7‘

Pitferran.

See Coals. Chap. 21. p. 187. >

Playhoufes.

See	Newtafile upon Tyne, Chap.

50. p. 268.

Portage.

The bounty or allowance to matters of (hips inwards, called portage, to ceafe from to May, 1787. Chap. 13. f. 21. p. 34.

Ports in Jamaica.

See Importation and Exportation. Chap. 27. p. 193.

Portfmouth.

For building a new chapel on Portfmouth common in the paritt) of Portfea. Chap. 64. p. 293.

Poft and Poft Office.

1.	The poft office revenues, during the prefent King’s life, to be carried to the confolidatcd fund, and

Digitized

Pof

after to be paid to his fucceflors. Chap. 13. f. 48. p. 46.

2.	After the King’s demife, 38626/.

18	s. 10$-4. to be paid quantify

out of the poll office revenue into tbe exchequer to be earned to tbc confolidatcd fund. Chap. 13. f. 50. p. 48.

3.	The treafury enabled to let the poft horfe duty granted by 25 Geo.

3.	Chap.. 51. To firm from 1

Auguft, 1787, on one month’s notice in the gazette. Chap. ah. f. 1, 2. p. 188.

4.	No propefid to be proceeded on un-lefs delivered three days previou to the time appointed. Chap. 26. f. 4. p. 189.

5.	Tbe mode of proceeding thercoa. f. 5. p. 190.

6.	Farmers to be appointed collet* tors, and the powers of fanner alts continued, and bonds to be taken in the King’s name, and farmers to have the fame remedy as the King. Chap. 26. f. !■ p.

190.

7.	Fanners may vary mode of accounts, and forging certificate, penalty 501. Chap. 26. (. 9. p.

191.

8. Innkeepers,	Sic.within 5 mile of the ftamp office to give fanners the accounts required by former ach, but only compellable to travel to the next market town. Chap-26. f. 14. p. 192.

9.	Duties to belong to the difirid from whence the ticket iffued. Chap. 26. f. 13. p. 192.

10.	Farmers may vote for members of parliament, but none licenfed to let poft horfes, or any for his benefit, to be farmer or affigoee oi 1 tbe contra#. Chap. 26. f. 16. p.

11.	Voftage of letters between Gmt Britain and the port of Watrrftri in Ireland eftablilhcd. Chap. 9. p. 16.

Piwri,

yGoogle

Pew

Powers.

Given by feveral a<3s in regard to lotteries, extended. Chap, i. p. i.

Promijory Notes.

See Bills of Extbangt.

Projections.

See Cambricis 4. Chap. 13. f. 23. P- 35-

Qualifications.

SEE Indemnity. Chap. 48. p. 262.

See Houjhold. Chap. 5. f. 99. p. 14.

Queen.

Not liable to land tax. p. 15.

Chap. 5.

R<

Rates.

1.	'H ULES annexd to the book of XV rates eftablilhed by 12 Charles

2.	c. 4.; and 11 Geo. 1. c. 11. repealed Chap. 13. f. 31. p. 39.

2,	Rates of profit to be taken by pawnbrokers further regulated, and tables thereof to be fet up in {hops. Chap. 37. f. 1, 2. and 16. p. 242.

Recognizances.

See	Chefier,	Affidavits	and	Bail.

Chap. 43. p. 263.

Rivers.

1.	The powers of the Forth and Clyde navigation company varied. Chap.

20.	p. 182.

Vot. XXXVI.

Hod	ill

2.	For building a bridge over the river Trent at	GSee

Gainjborougb. Chap. 15. p. 176.

#

Roads*

See Leith, Chap. 51. p. 269.

Rolk.

Denys, and John Rol/e. See Jbirt. Chap. 59. p. 279.

Rum.

The produce of the	fugat

plantations warehoufed on 10 Mays 1787, may be delivered out on paying the duty laid thereon this fefliort. Chap. 31. f. 28. p. 22JU

Sa

Saks*

A N account to be kept of Tales of x\. goods pawned, and the furplus to ne paid to the owner, and the pawnbroker not to purchafe goods Whilft in his own cuftody. Chap.

r. i4. p.253.

See Pawnbrokers.

Sandwich.

For paving the ftreets of the town and port of Sandwich. Chap. 67. p. 304.

Saunby.

See Gainjborougb. Chap. t$. p. ijff.

Schedules to AH. Chap. 13.

1.	A. Cuftom of goods imported, with the drawbacks, p. 70.

The like exported, p. 135.

The like carried coaftwife, p. 138.

2.	B. The like of goods imported

Y	by

Digitized by

Google

$21	SoC	*

by the Eaft India company, with the drawbacks, p. 140.

3.	C. The like of French goods imported, with drawbacks, p. 143.

4.	D. The like of all other goods imported, not enumerated, with drawbacks, p. 148*

5.	E. The like on other goods exported, not enumerated, with drawbacks, p. 150.

6* F. Duties of cxcife, p. 151.5 allowances, p. 169.5 bounties, p. 171.5 drawbacks, p. 172.

Scotland.

1.	All annuities payable from the excife, cuftoms, or fait duties in Scotland, to be paid as heretofore. Chap. 13. f. 70. p. 68.

2.	Adf 23 Geo. 3. c. 45,; for regulating courts ot jufticiary and circuits in Scotland, made perpetual. Chap. 18. p. 176.

See Aberbrothock. Chap. 46. p. 266. Dumfries. Chap. 57, p, 279.

Search.

See French Goods. Chap. 31. f. 15. p. 214.

Seized Goods.

To be ftamped before delivered to

the King’s warehoufe. Chap. 32.

i.	13. p. 229.

Ships.

1.	The bounty of 20/. per ton by 26 Geo. 3. c. 81.; extended to all Britifh (hips employed in fi(h-eries. Chap. 10. U 2. p. 18.

2.	Britijh built (hips or prizes taken at fea by letters of marque legally condemned and owned, navigated and regiftered according to law, deemed Britijh-\m\i (hips men-

StH

tioned in the fchedules (A. C. E.) Chap. 13. f. 7. p. 26.

3.	To enforce the navigation ads j 2 Charles 2. &c. Chap. 19.

р.	176.

4.	Ships feized in America or the Weft Indies may be broken up and fold. Chap. 32. f. 12. p. 228.

5.	Further provifions made in regard to veffels deferibed in aft 24Geo. 3.

с.	47.; againft fmuggling, and extending the fame to other vtflels and boats. Chap. 32. p. 213.

6.	Cutters found within four leagues

of the coaft whofe bowfprit exceeds two thirds of the length of the veflel forfeited. Chap. 32. f. 1. p. 224.	-

7.	Names of (hips to be paipted 00 boats belonging thereto, or forfeited if ^found within limits, but not to extend to the King’s navy. Chap. 32. f. 2. p. 224.

Sinking Fund•

All money due from repealed duties and all deficiencies not carried to the finking fund* by 10 Mojy 1787, to be pan of the cpnfolidated fond Chap. J3. f. 71. p. 68.

Skynner (Sir cjohn).

See Annuities, Chap. 12. p. 22.

Skins.

See Hides. Chap. 36. p. 241.

Smuggling.

See Cufioms. Chap. 32. p. 223.

Soap,

Sec Penalties. Chap. 31. p. 216.

Spirituous Liquors.

See Licences. Chap. 30. p. 204.

Till

Digitized by ^.ooQle

3*3

'Sta

ill' 5 Jpr'il, 1788, fpirits to be Md of the Arength denoted by te’s hydrometer. Chap. 31. f. 17.

15*

Staffordjhire.

or building a new goal for Staf-'/.hire.	Chap. 60. p. 279.

Stamps.

Tickets (Lottery). Chap. 1. f. 10. P-7-

One ftamp may be uied to denote everal duties, which are to be con* folidated, and one account kept thereof. Chap. 13. f. 41. p. 43. Stamp duties to be paid into the exchequer weekly. Chap. 13. f. 42. P- 44-

Com miflioners of (lamp duties to be fubjefi to the commifiioners of treafury, and all former powers to continue in force. Chap. 13. f. 43. p. 44.

te Seized Goods. Chap. 32. f. 13. p. 229.

ee Penalties. Chap. 32. f. 14. p.230. ce Starch. Chap. 31. f. 23. p. 219.

Starch.

Not ftaro ped according to 26 Geo. 3. :. 51.} or loofe ftarch above 28 xjunds or fcrapings found in cuftody >f the maker, or dealer, or removing, orfeited. Chap. 31. f. 23. p. 219.

Stills.

With every walh flill licenced under 26 Geo. 3. c. 64; to be licenfed a low wine or fpirit flill of not left than one fourth of its contents. Chap. 31. f. 30. p. 223.

Stenchoufc (

For rebuilding the chapel there. Chap. 17. p. 176.

Sug

Sugar Colonies.

See Wheat. 'Chap. 26. f. 2. p. 242 . — Rum. Chap. jr. f. 28. p. 221.

Suits.

See EtcUJioflital Courts. Chap. 44. p. 266.

s	,

Supplies.

See Appropriations. Chap. 33. p. 235.

Surgeons.

See Edinburgh. Chap. 65. p. 293.

SufiK,

For veiling the old gaol of Suffix in lady Irwin on payment of 6201: and declaring the new gaol lately built, to be the county gaol. Chap. 58. p. 279.

T.

Tickets (Lottery).

1.	A CT 17 Geo. 2. c. 5. (con-

cerning vagrants) extended to dealers in lottery tickets, without licence purfuant to 22 Geo. 3. c. 47, &c. Chap. r. f. 3. p. 4.

2.	Juft ices may commit offenders to houfe of correction till next quarter feflions, and the powers of 17 Geo. 2. extended to this aft. Chap.

I.	f. 3. p. 5.

3.	The pofleffor of any whole on-drawn ticket may infure the fame before drawing under certain conditions exprefied. Chap. 1. f. 4.

p. 5.

.4. Agreements for the fame to be in writing, and not fubjeft to (lamp duty. Chap. 1. f. 4* P*

*

Digitized by Google

324 "Tim

’Timberland

For dividing and enclofing the low lands and common fens there. Chap.

66.	p. 304.

Took.

Aa 26 Geo. 3. e. 89. to explain 25 Geo. 3. c. 7, for prohibiting the exportation of tools ufed in the iron and ft eel manufactures, continued to the end of next feffion. Chap. 36. (. 3. p, 242.

Treafury.

.See	Coals.Chap. 21. p. 182. —*

King. Chap. 22. p. 185. — Parliament. Chap. 13. f. 72. p. 68. — Poji	Horfes. Chip. 26. p. 189.

Treafury may fix feparate diftrias for farming pou horfe duty. Chap.-26. f. 2. p. 189. .

Turnpikes.

N.B. There were 28 aa* pafled this feffion, for preding new turnpikes or continuing old ones, but none of them are printed id this col-leaion.

V.

Vagabonds.

See Ticket: (Lotteries).

/"\FFEND£RS againft this ail not V/ liable to profecutions for pecuniary penalties, andalfo as vagabonds, nor with refpeft to former lotteries, unlefs information before 5 Fibruary, iy8y» Clppi i* f. 8s p« 6#

Vagrants.

Aft 6 Geo. j. c, 19. explained and amended as to vagrants and offenders charged with fmall offences (at the diferetion of the magiftratc)

Wd

may fee committed to the cwiwkxi

glol, or to the houfe ofcorre&oo. hap. xx. p. 21.

w.

Walts.

* HE King enabled to e/bBfilh J. a court of crkn’mal judtea-fore on the eaftern coaft of New South Wales and the pans adjacent. Chap. 2. p. 7.

2.	The prince of Wales not liable td hoid tax. Chap. 5. p. 15.

Wanftead.

. Fpr rebuilding the parifh church of	Wanjltad in EJftx. Chap. 63.

p> 263.

Warehoufesi

See	Ram. Chap.	31. C 28. p. 221.

— Seized Goods. Chap. 32.	13,

p.229. — Eqft India Company. Chap.

48.	p. 267.

Watching and Lighting.

See Camberwell. Chap. 52. p. 269.

Waterford.

See	Poft Office.	Chap. 9. p. 16.

Weft Indies.

See Ships. Chap. 32. p. 223.

Wheat,

So much of f6 Geo, 3. c. 37. a relates to allowing the exportation a wheat, &c. to tho Brili/b fugar colonies in America, and of 25 Geo. 3. c. 69.; the like from	con-

tinued till i Maj} 1788. Cbap. 36 f. 2. p. 242.

Wm

Digitized by t^ooQle

Win

Wit 325

Wine

[. If more than 3 dozen of bottles or 10 gallons in cades of wine is imported into any outport, and thence carried within 20 miles of Ltndtn without a certificate that the difference of duty is paid, it may be fcized, and if itaved the owner to pay the difference of the duty. Chap. 13. f. 13,14. p. 28.

t. Allowances out ofthe excife duties made to dealers in wine. Chap. 31. f. 1. p. 209.

5.	If French wine imported in package lefs than 3 dozen quarts, forfeited. Chap. i3.f. 24. p. 36. New wine licence duty. See Hamper Qffite. Chap. 13. f. 49. p. 47.

;. Wine imported to pay excife as well as cuftoms. Schedule A. p. 124.

Witnejfes.

t. Inhabitants competent witneffes to prove an offence, though the place may.be benefited by the conviction, unlefs the penalty exceeds 20/. Chap. 29. p. 203.

2.	Inhabitants of places where offences are committed againlt the pawnbrokers alt, may be witnefles. Chap. 37. f. 28. p. 258.

Wood.

The additional duty on wood imported, contracted for before 10 1787, (fee Chap. 13.) may be added to the price. Chap. 32. f. z6. p. 231.

Workhoufes.

See Gtergt (St.) Hanover Chap. 54. p. 278.

The END of the INDEX.

Digitized by LjOoq ie

Digitized by boodle

A K

LPHABETICAL INDEX

T O T H £

SECOND PART of the XXXVI* VOLUME

OF THE

STATUTES at LARGE;

.fled in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George 111. ; in the Year of our Lord, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, being the fifth Sefiion of the fixteenth Parliament of Great Britain, which began the twenty-feventh Day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, and ended by Prorogation the eleventh Day of Jufy, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight.

A.

Aftions.

K	i

rfTE time limited for bringing adions for ading under the folding ads, viz. Chap.7. f. 7. p.342. ee Lace. Chap. 9. f. 12. p. 344. ee Bridges 1. Chap. to. f. 62. p. 44. See Churches. Chap. 14. p. 145. See Fens. Chap. 15. p. 345. ee Water. _ Chap. 35. f, 2. p. 383. iee	Regijlering Freeholds.	Chap. 30.

. 37. p. 404. See Newfoundland. ihap. 38. p. 432. See Wool. Chap. [.6. f. 81. p. 5I5. See	Chap.

56.	f. 37. p. 404. See Freeholds Re->i/lered. Chap. 37. f. 23. p. 427. lee Cuftoms and Excif Chap. 54. iee Slaves.

Africa.

The ad of 5 Geo. 3. c. 3. for Applying the export trade to Africa with callicoes from the-Eajl , &c. continued to Jan. j, 1798.

Aggregate Fund.

See Annuities.

Albans (Saint) Duke of.

See Annuities.

Allowances.

See Wines.

America.

1.	Adis 23 Geo. 3. c. 39. & 24 Geo,3*

. c. 45. for regulating the trade be«*

tween the fubje&s of this kingdom and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united dates of America, continued till the 5th of Aprils 1789. Chap, 5. p, 330.

2.	The trade between the fubjedts of the Britijh colonies in North America and in the Weft India iflands* and the countries belonging to the American dates, and between the Britijh fubjeSs and the foreign Weft Indiaregulated. Chap.

6.	p. 331.

P	3* Several

iigitized Dy vjOOQLC	*	g-

568	Ann

3.	Several futns granted by exchequer orders for relief ofAmerican loyajifts, and for making a compenfation to perfons fuffering by the cefiion of Eaft Florida. Chap. 40. p. 474.

4.	For appointing coinmiffioners further to enquire into the Ioffes and fervices of the American loyalifts. Chap. 44. p. 475..

Annuities.

1.	An annuity of i,ocol. per ann. granted to Aubrey duke of Saint Albany from Feb. 16,1783, to Oft. 10, 1803. Chap. 41. p. 475.

2.	For obviating a doubt in aft 26 Geo. 3. c. 88. relating to an annuity of 1,0001, per ann. granted to lady Maria Car It in {now lady Dorehefler) and her two fons Guy and Thomas Carlton, for life, out of the aggregate fund. Chap. 42. p.

3.	/or obviating a doubt in aft 26 Geo. 3. c. 93. relating to an annuity of jool. per ann. granted to Brook Wat fen eiquire, kte com-miflary general in North America% from Jan. 11, 1784; in truft for the life of Helen Watfon, his wife, out of the civil lift revenue. Chap. 43- P* 475-

Appeals.

f. To the quarter feffions from the oomvniffioners touching the rates for paving the town of Hertford. Chap. 75. f. 21. p. 564.

2.	Appeal to quarter feflions touching rates for the poor of the city of

. Exon. Chap. 76. f. 20. p. <64.

3.	The like as to tolls or Derby bridge. Chap. 77. f. 30. p. 564.

Apprentices.

On payment of double duty on

apprentices indentures the fame

App

may be damped at any time before Dec. 25, 1788. Chap. 22. p, 358.

Appropriation

Of the fupplies granted for the year 1788. Chap. 26. p. 362.

Attcrmes.

Affidavits of execution of articles of flerkfhip. Xhc time for filing enlarged till the laft day of MiduL mas term, 1788. Chap. 22. p. 358.

AuBfcns.

1.	Skins imported from EaflosWd Florida, on. the firft fate, by tfee original importer, in 12 meotfe, to be free of any au&ion doty.. Chap. 37. f. 12. p. 420.

2.	Complaints of fafes by aofhoo being rendered void to be made b 2 year, or in three months afterd£ covery. Chap. 37. f. 19. p. 424.

3.	No allowance of duty to pur-chafer s of their own effefis at auctions, unlefs previous notice of a bidder be given to the au&ooew. Chap. 37. f. 20. p. 425.

Avon (River).

See Bridges.

B.

Bankrupts.

ACT 5 Geo. 2. c. 30. relating tt bankrupts continued till Jme i, 1793. Chap. 24. p. 359.

Boats.

The fize of open boats employed at fea ascertained. Chap. 34. p. 380.

Bolton in the Moors.

See	S

Bends.

Bon

Bonds.

Where bonds are required on ex->rtation of goods to the BrUiJh donies, the like 10 be given on ex->rtation to the united Rates of Amt-ca. Chap. 6. f. 4. p. 332.

Bridges.

Earl Brooke and Warwick enabled to build a bridge over the river Avon in the borough of Warwick, and to open roads thereto. Chap. 9. p. 344.

For rebuilding the bridge over the river Rea, at the town of Birmingham, called Deritend Bridge, &c. Chap. 70. p. 563.

, For rebuilding the bridge over the river Derwent, at the town and borough of Derby. Chap. 7). p. 564.

, For enlarging the term and powers of the a£t$ 12 Geo. 3. c. 100. and 19 Geo. 3. c. 78. for building a temporary bridge, and completing a new (tone bridge over the river Tyne, between Newcaftle upon Tyne and Gatejbead, in the county of Durham, &c. Chap. 78.

p. 564*

, For building a bridge over the river Trent, at Sawley Ferry, in the counties of Derby and Lettefter. Chap. 80. p. 565.

Briftol.

. For removing and preventing encroachments and other nuifances within the city of Brijiol. Chap. 6^5. p. 56r.

* For regulating buildings and party walls in the city and liberties of Briftol. Chap. 66. p. 561.

For widening and rendering more commodious Broad Street, in the city of Briftol; and for enlarging the council houfe and guildhall of that, city, &c. Chajp. 67. p. 561.

Brt	569

Briti/h Weft India IJlands.

See America 2.

Brooke and Warwick (Earl oj\ See Bridges 1.

Buck or Deer Skins.

See Skins.

c.

Cambridge. gEE Paving, Tolls.

Canals.

1.	For making and maintaining a navigable canal from Pentre Rock, near the town of Flint, to Green-field, in the county of Flint. Chap. 72. p. 564.

2.	For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the canal at Donington Wood, in Shrop/bire, to Southall Bank, and from thence by two branches to communicate with the river Severn, one near Coal-brook Dak, and the other near Madeky Wood, in the fame county, &c. Chap. 73. p. 564.

Carriages.

For impofing a duty of 151, per sent, on carriages, the manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, imported diredtly from thence; which is allowed after July 5, 17&8, till May 10, 1800. Chap. 33- »• P- 375-

Carlton.

See Annuities 2«

Chefttr.

See Gaols.

P p 2	Chimney

Digitized by Google

57<>	Chi

Chimney Sweepers.

For the better regulating chimney fweepersand their apprentices. Chap. 48. p. 518.

Chrijl Church.

See Paving 1.

Churches.

1.	For pulling down the church of Saint Jameiy Qerkcnwilly in Mid-dltjcxy and for building a new one, and making a new church yard and avenues thereto. Chap. io. p. 345.

2.	For pulling down and rebuilding the parilh church of Saint Peter Te Poor, in the city of London, and widening the ftreet there. Chap. 62. p. 557.

3.	For rebuilding the parifti church of Paddington, in MiddleftXy and enlarging the church yard thereof. Chap. 74. p. 564.

4.	For repairing the parifh church of Saint Pauly Covent Gardeny in Mid-dlefexy and for removing the watch-houfe, &c. Chap. 83. p. 565.

Clerkenwell.

See Churches.

Clerks.

See Attornieu

Clerk of the Peace.

To deliver books, &c. to regifter keepers of the regifters of freeholds, and to provide books for memorials of leafes, and make out lifts of every diftritf, and fign copies iq be kept on recctd at fclfions, and to be paid expenccs out of the county rates. Chap. 36. p. 386.

Coaches.

1.	For limiting the number of perfons to be carried on the outfidf of ftage

Coa

coaches and other carriages. Chap. $Z\P-ss3-

2.	Drivers of ftage coaches carrying too many outfide paflengers, to pay 40s. for each, and owners 4/. and on non-payment, to be committed for three months, and if drivers cannot be found owners liable to penalty. Chap. 57. L 2. P- 554-

3.	For licenfing and regulating hackney coaches, chairs, and other carriages, in the city and liberties of Brtflol. Chap. 65. p. 561.

Coalbrook Dale.

See Canals z.

Coals.

1.	To indemnify perfons having incurred penalties under the ads cr 9 Ann. c. 28. and 3 Geo. 1. c. 26. relating to the coal trade, and for preventing combinations in the faid trade for the future. Chap. 53. p. 54.0.

2.	If more than five unite in por-chafing of coals, to be deemed 1 combination. Same a<5t, f.a. p.542.

Coffee.

A615 Geo. 2. c.24. for cncotnagm; the growth of coffee in the King'* plantations in America, (except th relates to the importation and exportation of foreign coffee into wd from the Britijb colonies in Amerin) continued till Sept. 29, 1795. Chip

23.	p. 358.

ConfoUdaled .

The fum of 2,545,000/. granted out of the confduiated fund for the fervice of the year 1788. Chap. 26. p.36a.

Commijfwners for Affairs ef Indio 'See Eaft India Company.

.

Digitized by Google

Cor

Corn.

16GCO.3. c. 37. and25Geo.

. 09. for allowing wheat, &c. to reported to the lugar colonies in ri*a^ continued till May 1, 1789. P- a3- P- 359-

Cojls.

n all adions forfeitures, by vir-of this ad, for regiftering frcc-ds, the party again# whom judg-nt is given (plaintiff or defendant) pay uill colls* Chap. 36. f. 37. 404.

Cojls Double,

On aftions for breach of ad relat-y to (laves, the party againft whom dgment is given to pay double cofts. hap. 54. f. 18. p. 550.

The like on the following ads. hap. 71. p. 563. See Marjbes. hap* 78. p. 504. See Bridges 4.

Cojls Treble,

Ads under which treble cods may e recovered. Chap. 7. f. 6. p. 342. ee Lace. , Chap. 9. f. 12. p. 344. lee Bridges 1. Chap. 10. f. 62. p. [45. See Churches 1. Chap. 20. f. 22. >. 347. Sec Whale Fijbery. Chap. 21. >. 357. See Lottery. Chap. 37. f. 23. ). 427. See Excife. Chap- 60. p. £56. oee Paving. Chap. 62. p. 557. See Churches. Chap. 65. 66. 67. p. 61. See Brijiol. Chap. 68. p. 561. ee	Paving.	Chap.	70.	p.	563.

See	Bridges.	Chap.	71.	p.	563.

See	Marjbes.	Chap.	72.	p.	564.

See Canals. Chap. 73. p. 564. >See Canals. Chap. 74. p. 564. See Churches. Chap. 75. p. 564. See Paving. Chap. 76. p. 564. See Pear. Chap. 77. p.	564.	See	Bridges.

Chap. 79. p. 565. See Streets. Chap. 80. p. 365. See Bridges. Chap. 83. P* 365, See Churches.

Cm//#

The cxpences incurred by the King's primer and the cleiks of the peace, in regard to the regiftering freeholds, to be paid out of the county rates. Chap. 36. f. 29. p. 402.

Courts Martial.

SecOfficers. Chap. 3. f. 43. p. 328.

Covent Garden.

See Churches.

Crtcklade.

See Rivers.

None to vote for Cricilade, but thofe who have a qualification for the county of lVilts% and the returning officer to ad as fheriff. Chap. 36. f. 41. p. 405.

Cujloms.

See Goods forfeited. r. Ad 5 Geo. i. c. 11. and alfo ad 19 Geo. 2. c. 34. continued tift Sept. 29, 1795. Chap. 23. p. 359.

2.	For reducing the duties on importation of certain goods, the growth or manufadure of the European dominions of the united provinces, into this kingdom. Chap. 27. p. 363.

3.	The exporters of goods for which the lowed duties have been paid, to be allowed drawbacks. Chap.27. f. 2. p. 364.

4.	No writ againft any perfon ading under laws of cuftotns or excife, till a months notice given, and not more than 20s. to be paid for fuch notice, and tender of amends may be made within fuch month, or paid into court before iflue joined. Chap. 37. f. 25. p. 420.

P p 3	Dc-

Digitized by

57*

Dec

D.

Declaratory AR.

j^EE Eafi India Company.

Derby.

* See Bridges 3.

Diftillers

Of fpirits for exportation, to produce between Nov. 15, and May 15, next following, for every nine gallons of wa(h within that time found in his cuftody, two gallons of fpirits; and between May 15, and Nov. 15, for everv fix gallons of waih, one gallon of fpirir, or clfe to pay 1 s. 6 a\ for each gallon of walh miffing. Chap. 46. f. 77. p. 514.

See Spirits.

DireRors.

Sec Eajl India Company.

Doningion Wood*

See Canals.

Drawbacks.

See Cujloms.

Dun dona Id (Lord).

To give an account of his dills, which are not to be infpedled without an order from the commiffioners of excife. Chap. 46. f. 29. p. 488.

E.

Eajl Florida.

COMMISSIONERS appointed further to enquire into Ioffes in confequence of the ceflion of the province of Eafi Florida to Spain, and 26 Geo. 3. c. 75. continued for one ydar. Chap. 31. p. 368.

Eaf

Eajl India Xkmpavy.

l.	For removing any doubts lefped-ing the power of the commi&o&-ers for the affairs of India, to diredt the expence of railing aod maintaining troops neccflary far the fecurity of the Britijb pcfef-fions in the Eajl Indies, to be defrayed out of the revenues arifio? there. Chap. 8. p. 342.

2p And may fend not exceeding 8,045 racri to India, for the par-pofes aforefirid, in addition to the forces already there, f. 1, 2. p.342.

3.	But not to increafe any Wane* beyond thofe already fixed by orders fent to India, nor to erfe gratuities, unlefs propofed by tk directors of the company. Chip

8.	f. 3; 4. p. 344-

4.	The directors to lay before each houfeof parliament, an annuals^ count of the produce of the itw-nues of each prefideacy and fettk-tnent, and the amount of the bosA and other debts thereof, aod the | rate and amount of imereft for th: fame. Chap. 8. f. 5. p. 344-

5.	The company empowered to borrow 1,200,000/. on bond, beywc the fum for which they may me ! by law iffue their bopds. Chap* 24 p. 366.

Exchequer.

1.	3,500,000/. raifed by loans cr exchequer bills, in the fame moaner as preferibed by the malt as, for the fervice of the year 17& Chap. 18. p. 348.

2.	The further fum of 2,000,00c. raifed in like manner, for the Uoc purpofe. Chap. 19. p. 348.

3.	The treafury may iffue excheqao orders for feveral fums mentionfi for relief of the American loyally at 3/. 10 s. per cent, intereft, fre-Juy 5, 1788, chargeable on ik lupplies for the years 1789 to tic year 1796, and in cafe of deficiency,

C3

Digitized by v^oocle

I

Exc

on the confolidated fund; the principal to be paid by inftalments of 6L 5s. per cent. April 5, and October io, yearly; fir ft payment April 5, 1789. Chap. 40. p. 474*

4.	The treasury empowered to raife a,545,000/. by loans or exchequer bills on the credit of the confoli-dated fund. Chap. 26. p. 362.

See Treafury.

Excife.

Mi All goods fubjeft to excife, and materials in cuftody of manufacturers, &c. made liable to arrears of duties and penalties, &c. under this a<5l to be recovered by the laws of excife. Chap. 37. f. 21. p. 426.

Commiffioners of excife to return to perfons having paid for licences to retail fpirituou9 liquors, fince palling the a<$t 27 Geo. 3. c. 30. not having ale licences on July 5, 1788, the mopev paid for the time clapfed fince fuch licences expired as were refufed by juftices to be renewed. Chapw 37. f. 30. p. 429.

F.

Felons.

1.	A CTS 19 Geo. 3. c. 74. and 24 JT\ Geo. 3.C. 56. for tranfporta^ lion of felons, &c» continued till June 1, 1793, Chap. 24. p.

%. ^MFenders conveyed to temporary places of confinement under 24 Geo. 3. to be treated as if fen-tenced to hard labour under 19 Geo. 3. c. 74. Chap. 24. f. 4. P* 359*

3.	The King authorifed to contract for tranfportation of offenders the fame as if fecurity given, as directed by 24 Geo. 3. c. 56. Chap. ?4- f- 5- P- 359*

Fens.

For draining fen lands in the tna-

Fif 573

v

nor of North Kyme, in lAnubJblrt. Chap. 14. p. 345.

Fifhery (Whale).

For amending adl 26 Geo. 3. c. 50. for encouragement of the louthern whale fifhery, and making further pro-vifions for that purpofe. Chap. 20. P- 348.

Flax and Cotton.

Act 23 Geo. 3. c. 77. for encouragement of the manutadture of flax and cotton in Great Britain, continued for two years. Chap. 23. p. 359.

FUntfliire,

Sec Canals.

Florida.

See Auttions% Baft Florida.

Foreigners.

Privileges granted to thofc who have carried on the fouthern whale filhery for three years paft, and coming to refide in this kingdom, &c, Chap. 20. f. 14. p. 358.

Forfeited Eftates.

See Newburgh (earl of).

i,oool.	out of the produce of the forfeited eftates in Scotland to be ordered by the barons of the exchequer there, to be paid for rebuilding the court houfe and gaol at Ar-vtrnefs. Chap. ,69. p. 563.

Forfeitures.

Reels for ounce thread lefs than a yard forfeited. Chap. 17. p. 345.

Freeholders.

See Parliarri'ent.

l.	None 10 vote till enrolled a year, and prefcribed freeholders redding at a diftance from their freeholds, to be enrolled on an attef-P p 4	tatio	1*

Digitized by

Google

57*	Ft*

ration on oath before a juflicc where they re fide, and certified by juftice where freehold lays; and regifter keeper to give a copy thereof, and all freeholders above eighteen may be enrolled, and enrolments to be made gratis. Chap.

36.	f. 3^ p. 388.

2.	Thofe to whom freeholds have come by death, office, or marriage within two years before, tendering their vote, entitled to vote if enrolled prior to fuch tender. Chap. 36. f. 8. p. 390.

French Carriages.

See Carriages.

G.

(fools.

See Itwemefs.

FOR rebuilding the gaol of the caf-tle of	Chejler, the prothonotary’s

office, the exchequer record rooms; and other offices, &c. adjoining to the faid gaol. . Chap, 82. p. 565.

Gatejhead.

' See Bridges, Streets.

Gk

Glafs.

1.	The duty of exdie 00 foreign glafs bottles imported repealed, and an additional duty of 41. and ts. 9 d.per hundred. Caftouw laid on green glafc bottle* made ia the French king’s dominions ad imported. Chap. 33. f. 9. p. 374.

2.	Caft plate glafs et 1,485 iquare inches fuperheial cootents and 25 parts of an inch thick, not to be broken into pieces by diredtioos ia adt 27 Geo. 3. c. 28. Chap. 37. f- 31- P- 43°-

Gold and Silver Lace.

Alt 15 Geo. 2. c. 20. amended

and rendered more cffia&ni. Chip.

7- P-.337*

Goods

See Cufioms.

H.

Hamel (Sir Benjamin).

SI R Benjamin Hamet knight, enabled to build a new fra from Fore Street to the church of Sant Marjy in the town of Tosofes, in the county of Smerfct. Chap. 79. p. 565.

General Iffue.

Ads under which defendants being fued for a&ing purfuant to fueft adt, may plead the general iffue, and give the a& and fpecial matter in evidence. Chap. 7, f. 6. p. 342. See Lace. Chap. 9. f. 12. Set Bridge: 1. Chap. 10. f. 62. See Churches i. Chap. 20. f. 22. p. 348. Sec Fijbe-ry (Whale).	Chap. 21. p. 357.

See Lottery. Chap. 22. p. 358. See Qualification.	Chap. 38. f. 91.

p. 470. See Wool. Chap. 62. p. 557. Sec Churches. Chap. 64. p. 559. See Paving Chap. 65,^66,

67.	SttBrijlol. Chap. 68. p. 561. See Paving. Chap. 70. p. 563. See fridges. Chap. 71. p. 563. SceFcjiS.

Harbours.

• For enlarging and improving Leith harbour. Chap. 58. p. 556.

2.	A& 2 Geo. 3. c. 87. for enlarging the terms and powers of feveral a6ts relating to the harbour of Whitehaven, in Cumberland^ and to the roads, tic. there, continued foe twenty-one years (except fo much of the a& 23 Geo. a. c. 40. as relates to the road from Colder Bridge to EgrtmonL> repealed by faid ad 2 Geo. 3. and except ex-emption from (tamp duty). Chap. 61. P. 557.

Hay.

Ti}c exportation (hereof prohibit-

cd

Digitized by Google

Hen

ill a month after the commence* it of the next feffion of parlia-nt, Chap. 45. p. 476.

Htnvill Edward.

For veiling his eftate in truftees be fold to difcharge a debt of \\-jJ. 9 s.9 d.due to the crown, lap. 32. p. 368.

0

Hertford.,

See Paving.

I.

Importation and Exportation.

^EVERAL regulations made relat-5 ing thereto, but the ad 27 Geo.

. c. 27. (fee part ift. p. 193.) for aiming importation and exportation f certain goods to the Indian iriti/b i(lands, not to be repealed, 'hap. 6. f. 15. p. 337.

t	Jmprifmnext.

VFor hiring Rocking frames and ‘citing them, iraprifonment for three nonths, and not more than twelve, whap. 55. f. 2. p. 552.

See Tranfpertation 2.

India ( Eafi) Company.

See Eaft India Company. 1 2

1.	Ad 25 Geo. 3. c. 44. for regulating infurances on goods, merchandizes, or effeds, repealed, and other provilions inftituted in lieu thereof.- Chap. 56. p. 553.

2.	In every policy of infurance is to be inferted the names or ufiltol Rile and firm of dealing of the conlignors or configneea of the property mfured, or the name of the perfon redding in Great

W	575

lain who tranfads fuch infurance, or the policy to be void* Chap. 56*

P- 553- .

3.	Pcrlons infuring the conveyance of fheep, wool, &c. to foreign pans, liable to the fame penalties as exporters, and the policy void. Chap. 38. f. 45. p. 453.

4.	No inmrance to be made on Have (hips, except perils of the Tea, piracy, infurredion, or capture by the King’s enemies, barratry of the maftCr and ere w,and deft rudion by fire. Chap. 54. f. 12. p. 547.

IJiL

See Rivers.

Inver nefs.

For building a new courtboufc and gaol in and for the town and county of lnvernefsi and for appropriating 1000/. out of the furplus from the forfeited eftates in North Britain, towards the (ame. Chap. 69. p. 563*

Juftices of the Peace.

I9 Enabled to ad as fuch in certain cafes out of the limits of the counties in which they adually are* Chap. 49. p. 525. a* Juftices ading for two or more adjoining counties, and refiding in one of them, may ad in all matters relating to fuch counties, and conftables to obey them - but the warrants, in the fifft inftance, to be direded to the conftables of the county they more particularly relate to. Chap. 49. f. 2. p. 526.

3.	Offenders may be conveyed to any juftice ading tor the lame county, refident in an adjoining county. Chap. 49. f. j. p. 526.

4.	Juftices ading for countie* at large, may ad as fuch in any adjoining city or precind, bc»ng a county of itfelf, and within luch Cpunty, but not to ad in matters

arifing

Digitized by (^.ooQle

57 <5	K

arifing within fuch city, See. Chap.

49.	f. 4. p. 527.

K.

Keelmtn.

THE fociety of keel men employed on the river T incorporated, and a permanent fund eftabliihed for the (kippers and keelmen employed there. Chap. 59. p. 556.

King. See	Tronfpertat.

King's Printer

To provide regifter books for entry of freeholds, and alfo books for copies of inrolments, dec. to be transmitted to the clerk of the peace. Chap. 36.

Kyme in	linc

See Fens.

L.

Lace.

gEE Gold and Silver

1.	All bafe metal to be fpun on thread, yarn, or inkle, and not on (ilk; and no gilt bale metal to be drawn of flatted for making lace. Chap. 7. f. 2. p. 338. a. Silvered wire ufed in gold and the Silver lace manufactory, to hold more than three penny weights of fine Silver upon a pound avoirdupois of bafe metal, drawn into wire fo ufed. Chap. 7. f. 3. p. 340.

3.	No bafe metal to be mixed with gold or Silver in nuking lace. Chap.

7.	f. 4* P* 34*•

Land Tax

At 4 s.in the pound for the year *788. Chap. 2. p. 327.

Lei

Leith.

See Harbnrs 1.

Lever.

See Scktcb.

Licences.

See Stamp

No chemifi to ufe a (HI without licence. Chap. 46. C 17. p. 481.

Lighthenfes.

For rendering more effedud aft 26 Geo. 3, c. 101. for erecting Bgb*-houfes in the northern parts of Britain. Chap. 25. p. 360.

Lime

Shippedin IVbitebavn harbour jed to the regulation of 17 trufiees, with confent of the lord of the manor of Si. Bus. Chap. 62. p. 557.

Limit alien of /Wiens

Under the following ads. Chap. 7. f. 7. p. 342. See Lare. Chap. 4 f. 12. p. 344. See Bridges 1. Chap. 10. f. 62. p. 345. See Chorda 1. Chap. 25. f. 2. p. 386, See ftundlana Fifistry. Chap. 36. C 37. p. 404. See Fruhtlds. Chap. 37. f. 23. p. 427. See Cuj Chap. 54. f. 18. p. 550.

linens.

Ad 29 Geo. 2. c. 15. for grant*’ bounties on Brilijh and Irijb linets exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of. foreign n» linen yarn, made of flax, &c. continued till June 24, 1790. Chap. 14. P* 359-

Lexer-

Digitized by L^ooQle

Lh

Uvtrpool.

For enlarging and varying the 9<3s 21 Geo. 2. c. 24. and 26 Geo. 3. c.

12.	relating to the watching, lighting, and cleanling the ftreets of Chap. 13. p. 345.

#

Loans.

See	Exche	,

Mar	577

for charges, be dtfcharged. Chap.

3.	f. 44. p. 327.

Marjhts.

For inclofing and draining the nurfhes called Malldr and Carfd-dougau, in the county of Angkftj. Chap. 71. p. 563.

Militia.

Lottery.

A lottery for 750,000	48,000

tickets at 15/. 12s. 9 each, 480,000 prizes to be paid June 1,1789. Chap.

21.	p. 358.

M.

MadeleyWood.

<^EE Canals 2.

Malt. .

For continuing and granting the annual duties on malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the year 1788. Chap. i. p. 327.

Manufactures.

See Unread (Ounce).

A&s 25 Geo. 3. c. 67. and 26 Geo. 3. c. 89. for prohibiting the ex-portation of tools, &c. and to prevent the reducing artidcers, See. continued to the end of the next feflion of parliament. Chap. 23. p. 359.

Marines.

j.	For regulation of the King’s marine forces while on Ihore. Chap.

3- P*

2.rerfons enlifling as marines, within four days and in not lcfs than 24 hours, to be carried before the next juftice, and may there declare their diflent, and on returning the ‘enlifling money, and paying aot.

For defraying the expence of the pay and cloathing the militia. Chap. 11. p. 345.

Mutiny

Alt continued, number of forces 17,697, including 1,620 invalids. Chap. 12. p. 345,

. N.

Ifewburgh {Earl of).

FOR charging feveral eftates in Northumberland, Cumberland, and county of Durham, fettled upon the late Charles Ratcliff decealed, with a rent charge of 2,500/. to be paid to Anthony James earf of Newburgh, and his heirs male, to cotnmtact Marcb 25, 1787, and-the faid earl empowered to make a jointure of 10001, per ann. Chap. 63. p. 557-

Newcafile upon Tyne.

Sec Bridget 4.

Newfoundland.

The King enabled to make fuch orders in council as deemed proper for regulation of the filhery at Newfoundland, according to the treaty of Vtr-fai/les. Chap. 35. p. 383.

North Kyme.

See

Digitized by

Google

Officers,

Of

o.

Officers.

FFICERS of land forces and marines may fit in conjunction upon courts martial, ranking accord* ing to the fcniority of their comtnif* lions. Chap. 3. f. 45. p. 328.

See Ruin 3. Seizures 2.

Oil

May be imported in (hips from beyond the Cape of Good , or through'the Stfeights of	,

duty free. Chap. 20. f. 13. p. 353.

Foreigners may import oil on giving bond to fettle in Great Same ad, f. 18. p. 356.

Ounce Thread.

See Thread {Ounce),

P.

Paddington.

gEE Churches.

Papifls.

Time for enrolling deeds and will* of Papifls, enlarged till Sept, i, 1788. Chap. 47. p. 518.

Parliament.

1.	For fecuring the rights of perfons qualified to vote at county elec* lions, freeholds to be regiflered. Chap. 36* p. 386.

2.	Trials on controverted elections and returns of members to ferve in parliament regulated. Chap. 52. p. 528.

3.	From July to, 1790, on elections of membersto parliament,the oaths of the returning officer and of the freeholders tp be omitted, and the adts 20 Geo. 3. c. 17. and 1$ Geo*

Pav

2.	c. 18. relating to eledioos and to afleflinents to land tax repealed. Chap. 36.' f. 30. p. 402.

Paving.

1.	Adi 12 Geo. 3. c. 28. for paving, &c. the parifh of Corifl Chords in Middlefex^ explained and amended, and having expended 1*513 A the commifiioners may borrow 2000Z. (befides the 14,000/. allowed by the former adl;) rates 21. 2 i. per pound. Chap. 60. p. 556.

2.	For paving, cleaning, and lights ing the town of Cambridge. Chap. 64. p. 559.

3.	For enabling the commifSoners appointed by. ad ,6 Geo. 3. c. 24. for paving the town and borough of Southwark, to open, widen, &c. the ftreets in the e*ft divifion therein delcribed. Chap* 68. p. 561.

4.	For paving the footways, and deanfing, lighting, and watching the ftreets, etc. in the borough of Hertford. Chap. 75. p. 564.

Pawkhrokers.

1.	Adl ayGeo. 3. c. 37. for regulating pawnbrokers amended, and continued for one year. Chap. 5a P- 527*

2.	Sedl. 17. of the faid ad (whereby difputcs as to pledges where under 40;. lent, were referred toajuftke to fettle) is repealed. Chap. 5a p. 527.

Penalties.

1.	Matters of (hips from Turtf iflands not anfwering queftians, 100/. penalty. Chap. 6. f. 6. p.

2.	^or ufing bafe metal contrary ro the lace adl, penalty 5 /. per ounce. Chap. 7. f. 1, &c. p. 338.

3.	For reeling ounce thread ftiort, penalty 5/. and for counterfeiting

damp

Digitized by

Google

Pen

ftamp of mother manufacturer 10 L but the penalty may be mitigated to one half and colts; wit-• nefles not attending to forfeit 5 /. Chap, 17, f. 2. p. 345.

4.	On the quarantine aCt for not anfwering queltions truly, or not holding the proper ftgnal, penalty 200/. Chap. 34. f. 1. 3. p. 378.

5.	Matters of (hips malicioufly detaining of certificates of regif-tryof (hips, penalty 100 A Chap. 34. f. 13. p. 382.

6.	For not conforming to the directions of the governor of New-founiland\ penalty 200A Chap. 35. f. 2. p. 385.

7.	For making falfe enrolments under the freehold regiftering a£t, or voting when under age, penalty 20A Chap. 36. f. 9. p. 391.

8* Regifter keepers refuting to make enrolments when required, penalty 40*. and the fecond time 10A Chap. 36. f. 11. p. 392.

9.	Making or fuborning others to make falfe declarations of right to vote at elections, penalty 500A Chap. 36. f. 35. p. 403.

10.	For felling or moving parings of hardfoap, penalty 100 A Chap.37. f. 14. p.422.

11.	For auifting in relanding rum (hipped for (tores, penalty ioo'A Chap. 37. f. 18. p. 424.

12.	For amfting to convey live (heep, &c. out of Great Britain, penalty 3 A per head, and 5 A per head for the fecond offence. Chap. 38. r. 2. p. 433.

13.	For (hipping (heep for food, without an officer prefcnt, penalty 20i. per head. Chap. 38. f. 3. P-434-

14.	For conveying wool, &c. out of the realm of Great Britain, to forfeit 3*.^rrpound, and three months imprifonment, and for the fecond offence, fix months imprifonment. Chap. 38. f. 9. p. 435.

15.	Officers of the port where wool

Pen	579

is (hipped from, not fending notice to the port where fent to, penalty 10A and for not tranfmitting the bond in feven days, fame penalty. Same aCl, f. 36. p. 449.

16.	Conftables negleCting their duty under the wool aCt, penalty 20 A Same aCt, f. 53. p. 457.

17.	Penalties under the wool aCt to be divided, a moiety to the informer, and after deducting ex-pences, the other to the fcizing officer. Same aCt, f. 66. p. 460.

18.	For ereCting (tills in Scotland, or working the fame, or other vefiei* without licence, or for diffilling fpirits without fuch licence, to forfeit 200A Chap. 38. f. 5. p. 479.

19.	Uting (tills of above 50 gallons, or by chcmiffs without licence, or diffilling fpirits, penalty 200 A Same aCt, f. 17. p. 482.

20.	Importing ffills into Scotland without notice, penalty 50 A Same aCt, f. 28. p. 487.

21.	Exporting Englijh fpirits into Scotland, or Scots fpirits into Eng-land, without entry, penalty 100 A Same aCt, f. 35. p. 490.

22.	Diftiller drawing off wafh c6n* trary to this aCt, obffructing officers in taking famples, or other-wife doing their duty, or not providing warehoufes, or opening doors without officer, or removing fpirits, or concealing wafh, penalty 200/. Chap. 46. f. 48. p. 500.

23.	Mr. Geo. Bijhop to give 12 hours notice of making wort, on penalty of 200 A Sameafl, f. 67. p. 509.

24.	Chimney fweepers taking apprentices under eight years old, or having more than fix at a time, to forfeit ioA and not deft than 5 A Chap. 48.^47. p. 519.

25.	Mafters landing (laves contrary to this aCt, to forfeit 500A Chap.

X 54‘ (• 3* P- 544*

Per-

Digitized by

Google

580	Per

Perjury.

See Chap. 54. f. lg. p. 550.

Peter (Saint) le Peer.

See Cburcbts z.

Playhoufes.

Juftices of peace at general or quarter feffions may licenfetheatrical reprefentationa occafionally, under reftriftions, viz. not within 20 miles of Louden, Weftminficr, or or eight miles of a licenfed theatre, or 10 miles from the King’s refidence, or 14 miles from Oxford or Cambridge, or within two miles of any place having peculiar jurifdiftion. Chap. 30. p. 367.

Peer.

For railing a further fum of 2,500 /. for relief of the poor of the city and county of the city of Exon; and to amend afts, viz. private aft 9 & 10

W.	3. N° 33. 31 Geo. 2. c. 53. 14 Geo. 3. c. 61. and 25 Geo. 3. c. 21. relating to the poor of Exeter. Chap. 76. p. 564.

Projections

1.	Upon the wool aft not to be in a fummaryway, for penalties of more than 2C0 I.Chap. 3S. f. 62. p. 460.

2.	Overfecrs of the poor may aft as churchwardens. Chap. 48. f. 5. p. 519.

Q,

Qualifications.

TIME for taking the facrament and oaths, and alfo for producing appointments and admiifions in ^corporations, enlarged to	25,

1788, and for militia officers to deliver qualifications, till Sept. >, 1788. Chap. 22. p. 358.

$tte

Quarantine.

To recure more effeftuaHy the performance of quarantine. Chap. 34. P- 377*

Quebec.

Sec America. — Ram.

' R.

Rea River.

gEE Bridges 2.

Reg ifier-Keepers.

1.	The colleftors of the land tax id every parifh ordiftrift, to be renter-keepers, and in his default the conftable, and he is to prcfervethe regifter and deliver it to his fuecef-for, wherein every freeholder ha

• a right to be enrolled. Chap. 36. f. 2. p. 387.

2.	Regifter-keepcr refuting to make enrolments, or to fhewgoodaufe to the contrary, to forfeit for firft offence 4 s.and for fecond ic Same aft, f. it. p. 392.

3.	His duty fpecified. Same ad, f. 11. P- 393-

Rent Charge.

See Newburgh (Earl of).

Rivers.

Afts n Geo. 3. c. 45. and ijG».

3.	c. 11. relating to the navigation of the riveTS Thames and Ifis, bon Staines to Crisklade, amended. Chap, 51. p. 527.

Rum.

1.	Allowed to be imported from the

IKefl Indies to Quebec duty fret. Chap. 39. p. 47a.

2.	Aft 19 Geo. 3. c. 22. allowing ' drawback on rum (hipped as

flows,

by Google

Sal

(tores* continued till July 5,1795. Chap. 23. p. 359.

, Officers of exctie may take fam-ples of rum to be exported according to aft 33 Geo. 2* c. 28. or for (hips ftores, on paying 35. per gallon for fuch famples. Chap. 37. f. 16. p. 423.

. Rum (hipped for ftores, if relanded, forfeited with treble v%lue and 100/. Chap. 37. f. 18. p. 424,

. s. '

Salt.

^EE Turk's IJlands.

Samples.

See Rum 3.

Sawley Ferry.

See Bridges 5.

Scales emi Weights.

Falfe fcales or weights may be sized by officers of excife. Chap. 37. 15. p. 422.

Schools.

For incorporating the governors of he free grammar fchool of the town nd parifti of Bolton in the Moors, in he county palatine of Lancaftery of he foundation of Robert Lever, gen-letnan, and'for enlarging the trufts, re. Chap. 8i. p. 565.

Scotland.

1. The hereditary revenues of the crown in Scotland, granted to King George the Second for life, to be at his prefent Majefty’s difpofal. Chap. 33. f. 13. p. 376.

For difeontinuing for a year from July 1, 1788, the feveral duties payable in Scotland upon low wines •nd fpirits* and for granting other

Sei	581

duties in lieu thereof. Chap. 464 P-476-

See Spirits 2. Inver nefs7 Leitb. Seizures.

I. Goods forfeited by virtue of this a St may be feized by any com* mander of a King’s (hip, or officer of the cuftoms. Chap. 6. f. 16.

,Pb3fcs of cuftoms or excife feizing veflels liable to be broken up, to be paid ioj. per ton, if above four ton, and 40 s. for every veflel under four ton, and vefleis not conftrufted for fmuggling to be fold, and not broken up. Chap. 34. r. 5. P; 379

3.	Goods feized under any aft relative to the trade and revenue of the Britijh colonies in America, the judge haying jttrifdiftion to try* may order fuch goods to be deiU vered up on fecurity of double value, or if the informer delays proceeding. Chap. 34. f. 7. 9. p. 380.

4.	If probable caufe of feizure the claimant to have no cofts, and the feizer not fubjeft to more than 2d. damages. Chap. 37. f. 24. p. 427;

5.	On feizure under the wool aft, though verdict found for the claimer, if probable caufe of feizure,

. not to have cofts. Chap. 38. f. 91. p. 470.

Sheep. „

See Wool. Penalties 14%

Ships.

Matters of (hips detaining certificates of regiftry, granted under aft 7 & 8 W. 3. c. 22. and 26 Geo. 3* c. 60. to forfeit 100/. to the owners, on conviftion before a juftice, who may ifliie fearch warrants, and if not found to certify the detainer that frs(h ones may be given. Chap. 34. f. 13. P- 382.

Skins.

5«*	Sii

Skins.

The duties on buck or deer (kins undrefled, Indian half drefled, and elk fkins undrefled, imported, and on hides and (kins drefled in oil in this kingdom repealed, and other duties granted in lieu thereof. Chap. 37. p. 415.

Slaves

To regulate till Aug. 1,1789, the (hipping and carrying (laves in tijh veflels from the coaft of Africa. Chap. 54. p. 548.

Smuggling.

Aft 5 Geo. 1. c. 11. for prevent* ing clandeffine running of goods, &c. and alfo aft 19 Geo. 2. c. 34. for punilhing pcrfons going difguifed, Ac. continued till Sept. 29, 1795* &c. Chap. 23. p. 358.

Soap.

1.	Aft 5 Geo. 3. c. 43. relating to cufloms and excife extended to makers of ball foap. Chap. 37. f.

13.	p. 420.

2.	Parings of hard foap removed, may be feized, and a penalty of 160/. on the maker. Chap. 3. f. 14. p. 421.

Southwark.

See Paving.

South Shields.

See Water.

Spirits.

t. Aft 27 Geo. 3. c. 31. f. 17. for limiting the ftrengthof fpirits continued till the end of next feflion. Chap. 23. p. 359. i. For charging an additional duty on fpirits manufaftured in

Sea

and imported into £qg&a£ Clap.

4.	p. 329.

3.	For di/continuing for 2 year, from Jufy 1, 1788, the federal dories payable in Scotland upon low wines and fpirits, and other duties grimed in lieu thereof. Chap. 46. p. 476.

4.	Aft 26 Geo. 3. c. 73. f. 29 k 33. relating to fpirits repealed, asd reftifiers to have an allowance 0? 42 gallons in 100, for inercafc by water, &c. Chap. 46. f. 72. p.510. j

5.	Officers to rake account of reditkrf I flock, and if an excels found to be I feized; reftifiers not to firfl /pairs ? of greater firength than one in fa hydrometer proof. Chap. 46. L 73. p. 511.

6.	Duties on walh for extnetieg fpirits for home confumpdoo by 27 G$o. 7. c. 13. continued dD j July% 1709. Chap. 46. L 79. f. 5XS-

7.	The regulations relating to fpirits for exportation in force by 24Geo. .

3.	c. 46. f. 2. 26 Geo. 3. c. 73. j and 12 Cha. a* c. 24. extended to this aft. Chap. 46. f. 83. p. 516.

Staines,

See Rivers.	j

Stamp Duty.

To exempt from flamp duties B* ■ cences by an archbiflvop, bi/hop, chancellor, or ordinary, to ftipcruJorj curates, Vrhere the amount of the ftipend is inferred. Chap. 28.9*365.

*	1

Stocking	1

For more effectually proteftis| flocking frames, and the machine ufed therewith. Chap. 55. p.330.

Streets.

See Hamtt (Sir Benj.J.

For

id by	I

Tau

For widening Bftreet in he town of Gate/bead, in the county Durham. Chap. 78. p. 564.

See Liverpool, Briflol.

T.

Taunton.

gEE Hamit (Sir Benj.).

Themes.

See Rivers.

Thread {Ounce).

The manufa&ure thereof regulated, and the reels not to be lefs than a yard. Chap. 17. p. 345.

'	Theatrical Representations.

" , See	Playbo

Tobacco Pipe City.

A& 17 Geo. 3. c. 43. allowing the fame to be exported to the Britijblugar colonies, continued till June .24, 179a. Chap, 23. p. 359.

Tolls.

X.	Taken at	Cambri or flage

coaches, London waggons, and other carriages, and for horfes laden with goods coming to or going from	Cambridge5 but no	tolls for

coaches of inhabitants, or mail horfes or carriages. Chap. 64. p. 560.

%. Tolls to be taken at Deritend Bridge, at	Birming, for four

years. Chap. 70. p. 563.

3.	Tolls to be taken at the bridge

over the river	D, at

and at Ford lane there. Chap. 77. p. 564.

4.	Tolls taken at the bridge over the river Tyne, at Nrweaflle upon Tyne,

Tra	.58.3

for paflage over the bridge. Chap. 78. p. 564.

Tranfportation.

1.	So much of 24 Geo. 3. c. 56. as extends to authorize removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement, and 19 Geo. 3. c. 74. to explain and amend the laws relating to tranfportation, &c. of offenders, continued till Junt 1,

1793, &c’ ChaP- *4- P- 359-

2.	Offendefs conveyed to temporary places of confinement, to be maintained, &c. as if fentenced to hard labour, under 19 Geo. 3. c. 74. Chap. 24. f. 4. p. 359.

3.	The King, by iign manual, may order contracts to be made for tranfporting of offenders, as by 24 Geo. 3.C. 56. without fecurity firft given. Chap. 24. f. 5. p. 359.

4.	For deftroying or altering the re-gifterof freeholders, tranfportation for feven years. Chap. 36. f. 36. P-404*

5.	For deftroying flocking frames, tranfportation for not more than 14 years, nor lefs than feven. Chap.

55- f- 4- P* 55

Treasury

May order 2,000/. to be ifliied out of the money remaining in the exchequer, for payment of the com-miffioners* clerks appointed to in-

2uire into Ioffes by the (lave adt, )hap. 54. f. 16. p. 549.

Trefpajfers.

In adtions for adting under any fummons, notice, adt, order, judgment, convidlion, determination, warrant, or other proceeding upon the Clerkemvell church adl, the defendant not to be deemed a trefpaffer for irregularity, nor ab initio, but only liable to fpecial damages in adtion on the cafe. Chap. 9. f. 13.

Q.q 1 Trials. Diqitized by Gooole

5» 4

Tr

frith.

r ■ r

Wo#

w.

; .-4

Offence* again# the law* of Warwick {E*rl of) andBrmkof

quarantine may be tried in anycoun-	• . —	--

ty of Great Britain. Chap. 34. f. 4. P- 379-

See	Briigis^" ‘ c

* V

Wtith* .

Turks9 IJIands.

1.	Ships in ballad from this united dates of America* may be laden with fait at Turtf iflanch (part of the Bahama iflands) on a duty of 25.6rf. per ton. Chap, 6. f. 5. p. 333.

2.	No goods, except fait, to be expected from Turks9 iflands to the colonies in America* or the Weft Indies. Cliap. 6. C. 9. p. 335,

Turnpikes.

N. B. There were 31 ads patted thiafeffion for ere&ing new turnpikes, or continuing old ones, which are none of th$m printed in this collection.

u.

United Provinces.

gEE Cuftoms.

All goods (except linens) the produce of the European dominions of .the united provinces, may be imported to Great Britain on like duties as fpecified in table C. to a& 27 Geo.

3.	c. 13. and all other goods (except linens)from any other foreign country in Europe, lawfully imported from thefaid united provinces, to pay the lowed duties for fuch goods. Chap. 27- P-36+-

United States of America. '

See	America', Bonds,	tp’eji	India

Iflands. ’ .	:

See Liverpool.

Wat.	-r

For fupplyipg the town ing at South Shields with wiitt.

'hap. J5. p. 34S-

Watfn.

See Atpadttfi. ' '

Wejk India fj/landb

1.	Good* allowed to beexpwted

from thence into foreign oomotria in	Europe, may be etportrrf

the American nates on the fine duties. Chap. 6. £ 3. p. 332.

2.	The goods fpecified not to be imported from the Britijt fidk iflands to foreign dominions, hot the governor on emergency may allow thfc fame. Chap. fi. f. it.

P- 335-	-

Whale hifhap. 1?

See Pijbertei." "	*

Whitt AJku.^ ... ;

A& 2 & 3 Ed. 6. ti 26. ag&l carrying white afhesootof thfcreWta, repealed. Chap. 16. p. 34$.

Whitehaven^: f;

See Harbours 2. ’	*

Wheat. *	.

' So modi of’ 16 Geo. relates td thetW6^ing<he^p«tsri^

of

ized by Google

mi

etTltdn quantities of wheat to the ;ar colonies in	,	and	the

c from Lmtafler by *5 Geo. 3. c, . continued till May 1, 1789. lap. a3. p. 359.

White Woollen Cloth

Aft vj Geo. 3. c. 13. not to ex-nd to charge white woollen cloth 'ed or .dreffed in this kingdom with vy duty on exportation. Chap. 33. x*. p. 37&

Wines.

. Aft vj Geo. 3. c. 31. for making allowances to dealers in foteign wine, &c. continued to the end of next feffion. Chap. 23. p. 359.

Woo	585

2; The duties of cuftoin and excife payable on wine (except of the produce of the European dominions of the French king, Rhenijb, man,Hungary, Portugal, and Me-ieira, or of Spain, or any of that king’s dominions) repealed, and other duties and drawbacks grant-cd in lieu thereof. Chap. 33. p.

3.& to fell	Britijb wines in their

own houfes without a beer licence. Chap. 37. f, 32. p. 431.

Wool.

For explaining, amending, and reducing into one aft of parliament, the feveraJ laws for preventing the exportation of live Iheep, wool, &c. Chap. 38. p. 432.

Th* end ofthe INDEX.

*

Digitized by L,ooQle

Digitized by boodle

AN

L’FH A BET I CAL IND E X

.	TO	THE

THIRD PART OF the XXXVIth VOLUME

.	OF	THE..

ST ATUTES at L A R G E 5

fled in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George Ilf; • in the Year of our Lord, one thtu&nel fcven hundred and eighty-nine, being the Cxth SefTion. of 'ihii.hxteenth Parliament of Great Britain, which began the third1 fitly	in	the	faid

Year one thouiaod feven hundred and eighty-nine, and ended by Prorogation the eleventh Day of Auguft, pne thoufapd feven hundred and eighty-nine.'	'	>

A.■

'Ad^Jfes by ihf Houfi of Qrnfoons.

^ R AN TED 34,370 its. 4 to nukegood-the lame. Chap.

i.jt.686.

7;	Achertifementu

An ^additional ftamp duty of 6 jr each adverrifement in any newf-aper Or paraphlet. Chap. 50. p. >33-

M:.." Africa.

ii,66ol granted for the forts and etlferoents in Africa. Chap. $1. p.

m.

See Tea. Chap. 59. p. 682. See Sltivts. Chap.66* f. at. p. 70a.

.. ,.ii: v «	i.	AJjtgtr.	. .. -

See 6ftr!$«.'£hap.u. p, 593.

'/ America.

I. Fof conttnuihg the hws for regulating the trade between the King’s

fubjjp/p^apd thq inhabitants of the Jmtruan united dates, to April 5, 1790* Chap. ** p. 587.

21"BrtadiUtWrr, frifofo corn, and live

. Hock, ,thay be imported from the united Hates of America to Quebec, thegulf of St. Lautrenct, and the coaft of	Labrador.Chap. 16. p.

594. — See Weft Indies. Chap. 56.

p. 649.

3.	L td. granted tothecom-

-	miflioners for fettling the American claims,' for expenses, fees and charges. Chap, 61, p. 686.

4.	41*559/. 11 si granted for the relief or American civil officers, fees and charges. Same ad and page.

5.	313*659/. 2i. 5 granted on orders for the relief of American and Baft Florida fufferers. Same ad and page.

6.	4^693/. 81. bd. granted to the commiffioners for enquiring into the lofts of the American loyalifts. Same ad-and page.

7.	For appointing cottuniflioners further to esquire into the lofts and

-	Services of tbofc, whole names are fpeci&ed, as have differed in their

H h hj ,	■	,	rights.

Digitized by

Google

816	Ann

rights, &e. in Am, in confe-queace of thohr iojtalty, fee. tp the -Briei/t government. Cfaap.6a.

p. 687. . * - , .

Aftnuitiu.

t. 187,000/. raifed by annuities of 7/. 9*. 9</. each per cent, for 18 years 3-quaiiersffrom/^;75,i789, payable at the bank half yearly out of the confolidated fund, and thefe annuities to be consolidated with thofe of 18 & 19 Geo. 3, Chap. 37. p.614.

a* 1,002,500/. raifed by annuities with benefit of furvivorfhip, in clafies. Contributors to be at liberty till Oflober 10,1790, to name a life for ev6ry 100/. 5 s.

/•* 5* d*

Qlafles. ill, under 20 years old 4' 30 ad, from 20 to 30	4	50

3d, from 30 to 40	406

4th, from 40 tb 50	4	13	6

5th* fromto 6p 5 f 6 firft payment to be made April 5, 1791, and all annuities falling in by death to be divided amongft the furvivon of theiclaffc tHl the .annuity for tone (hate amounts to 1,000/. per ana. Chap. 41. p. 617.

3.	Annuities may be affigned, and certificates to oe produced to the auditor, containing the name, fur-. name, addition* placeo£abedeand fge of thtmoosinec, and'if resident in Gnat Bnkuaxs) be figntd by the minifier and church wardens, if in Inland to be certified by a baron of the exchequer there, if beyoml the fea (in the King'* dominions)

.. to be certified by thp, governs or his deputy, end io^any other part of Europe* in amity, by the Britijb zninifter, and. where none fuch, by the chief ^wgidrate, and ao affidavit to be annexed to fech ctrtifi-ooe* fwonn before* barpn of the ewdieqiwr. Same a&, p.6i&

4* Certificates to be filed with the auditor, for which no fee is to be taken, or (tamp duty paid. Same aft and page.

5.	Annuities^ bi frce ef tax and -itemed pcr/opAi tfta*e. Jf oeuk-manded, por certificates produad

. in 49 days after 2. years are expired, the annuity to* be divided fmongft the furvivors of the cfafs, and an account to be made up ba\f yearly of nominee"* dying or not demanding 'their inbouie* ia 2 yeqrv fat in fpodalcafes a bafow of the exchequer may order furcberthne so be allowed. Same-a£t and* pagfc.

6,	Twafury to pobJtfh :an

r 7924 tod am yeasty ukaept fji of nominees; aos te^tJUfcritaad among "the propHewnq*cpr8a»i

*afi,<p. 619.	*

* .........

Appeals.

See Pawnbrokers. Chap. 57. L 24 p.667. 15ee Mambtfler	©bp.

5.	p. 590. See Tobacco and Sasff, Chap.6& patf* ^

V V	A,?)

Appr&tisu-	-

Time to pay double1 dtfty eA apprentices indentures^enlargcd to Jk, 25, 1789. Chap. 40. p. 617.

•n c;

• • [ ‘Atternres. ^

Tim^iaiilaigod tfefije a$fev*t«i the «*pcun*mof clcti* Mb *&***&

firft day of Michaslmasijty Same ad, p. 616.

v Juftatu. \ ^

Piece goods wove in the kingdottt

in lots of the priqe of 20 /. or op-ward^ffity b*?Wd%f atidlfcWin cd-tered places,cxemp^froai dmy 5*^ by ap<3ion,but thcau<flioneeri^so^ ftcuiity and^pn amount* g£' ftjcb**e

office? Vfcap. j&f

Babam

^Digitized by C 3^lc



q :>'"t

. . >>	Bahama	Ifidnds.„ ,,

4080/1 granted fdr' the civflefla-lllhment of the Bahama hftin&s.,'in ddition to the falaries, t6 Jan. 1, 790. Ghap. 61. p. 686. 1

Bath,	C of.

For prote&ing and fccuting the iot baths and brings in the city of taihfcomnOTjury, by ioeroachments nd annoyances 5 for enlarging the refent pump room there j for widen-og certain ftvcets,' &c. and for mak-

ag.	new Areett and pafiagcs, to ren-tar die approaches to the (aid hot >ath, fprings and pump room, more ommodious. Chap. 73. p. 810.

Barthomley, Chejhiru

See Cimnbes. Chap.' r 1. p. 592.

Bermuda or Somers' Tfiand.

580/. granted for the chief juftice >f Bermuda or Somers' ifland to Just Cl*ap, 6|. p. 686. .

Bfioks,

So mnch of alt 12 Geo. 2. c. 36. is relates to prohibiting the importa-ion of books reprinted abroad, which aero flrft cooapofed or written and ifinted in	Great Britai», continued till

'opt. 29, 1795. -Chap. 33. p. 648.

Bounties.

See	Fifis andFf/bertes. Chap. 53. p.

fctf* ' - Ci :	-	•	•

t *	^ ‘

Brandy ami other Spirits.

Ffcr obliging all dealers in brandy, not beirig retailers, rectifiers, or di-ftHKi'i', to take licences, on penally tffioo/. ’ Chap 63. f. 6. p. 694. ’.

cr.. $.#

*	- Bretmi$#e)y/ >u

iyjbol. granted for the citif vfta-hh foment 6? Cape Breton till

1790.	Chap. 64. p. 686.

Bridlington, alias Burlington, Ycrk-fliire.

See Harbours. Chap. 23 p. 596.

Britijh Mufeum.

3,000	A granted for the Briti/b Mufeum. Chap. 61. p. 686.

, C. .	1

Cape Breton.

SEE Breton (	Cape).Chap. 61. p.

686.

J ’	,

Cards and Dice,

See Stamps. Chap. 50. p. 633.

Carleton

35,200/. granted for carrying on and completing the works at Carkton houfe. Chap. 6r. p. 686.

Carrioget.

1. Additional annual duties laid on horferand canjageswith 4 wheels, vfa. Where one cpach kept (except hackney coaches) to pay if. Where % to pay for one	.

For the other -	2/.

Where 3 or more for one if.

For each of the other To be raifed according, le ad 25 Geo. 3. c. 47. Chap. 49. p. 624.

2.	Not to extend to carriages let to • travel poft by licenied perfons.

Same a«St, f. 4. p. 625.

3.	Duties to bo paid quarterly, the Aril payment Off. to, 17894 and t* be-paid into the exchequer and-H h h 4	car-

8i8	Chu

carried to the confolidated fund, and the aft put in execution by the commiflioncrs of taxes. Same aft, f. 7. p. 625.

4.	Carriages with 2 or 3 wheels ufed for pleafure and not for hufbandry or trade, to pay the duty by 25 Geo, 3. and if not entered the owner to forfeit 7/. for each carriage, to be levied by diftrefc. Same aft'i f. 18. p. 631.

/;o Sete Hot fit*	f’ /A

^ \ r '--^ r -

* Ckthhsfar*.' - • ;

• • r •	i;'	:	:v.	m

Set,Paving. Chap. 44, p. 6zcu .

c«* >

6.	For providing an addjt'toml bury

ing ground tot The parifti of St

\IVtfipmfler. . aad tfor tted-»"g;-a.SdWtmiog, sad-an hpu£f fonthe.fefii«rtofa.'Cte^-tnan, &c. to officiary *r issjtAg Ch»p. 47 ‘ p-

7.	Fqr,«onmtutiog tb^ctitoreh ofk

ip (he paciftt at Pvttnfa&'in Yorltjhire, a parifh chwe^i Cfijp. 48* P* 623*

.,	Cfifjftfftal ar '

Aft yOeoPi.

Sip». 29,1795. ;

,11 It iOS i

• ’	Churches.	'

.'» r, i f t	f •	•	' ..

1.	For buildipg a church or chapel in the parifh of Bartbomlsy \n Chejbire, by A&r?,, M&gwt and *]uditb Al/a^iTi and to endow the Jamc,, ^qd.to eftabiifhr a charity fchool in the fame parifh, and for veftiog thi prefentation in the lord of the manor of Jtfoger. Chap.u,

p. 59^ f.1 * 1	.......

2.	Aft %i Geo. 3^ c.63. foi;rebu;ld-ing ifanjjtodt church, amended* Chap, 14. p. 593.

3.	Power to raife 5,000/. by loans, or annuities, with power to fell 8 vaults under the church, but the right of the reftor favecL Sam$ aft and page.

4.	Aft 28 Geo. 3. c. 83. for repairing the churph of St. Paul, Covont Gardtriy amended, and 4000 /. to be raifed by annuities, befides the

6,000	/. already direfted. Chap. 30. p. 61 j.

5.	For rebuilding the parifh church

of St. Chad in the town of Sbrswf-burjy in Shropjhirt, and providing a new cemetry or burial ground, and making avenues to the bid church and cemetry, with power to raife 10,000//by pews and rates of 1 i 6 d. in tjte pound per ann. Chap/31. p. 612. - ,	<	<*

* ■ fhckbMfra}h^$cQttg$&

See Forfeited BJletti* ClWp. 41. p. 619.

• -i	tw.-} .

Four year* more timdgrsMCd %>r allowing drawback on tbd	Im-

ported by tbe (hip lard Gamdnrxn fee year 1780. Ch*pi6oi	^

.1	r-*.V£

,1,

1. 1,286/. .194..	&dL3d+	igcaat&Ho

difchargf .bills drawn; by Ube governors of Nova Scvtioyd Bottoms tflands, aorbof New BrmsjSeed;-*^ tbe fees and1 charges. .Gfcapkbr.

p, 686. -i. s	-	*

2.	2,075 /.to difeharge-biiis ifibodby

■of. Millar^ coramiCiry of etw'to-tlensentpf	Nem^&totb	Sank

aft and page. ,	-

. •	-. u *'•« '--j v--:*,

Confolidated

See Jota	titles,Cbapj	37.	6t4-

See Stomps. Cb*p.	ja	p.^638.

Sye Ex( heftier Bitit.) Chapu^u 6035. p. 6^4. . ,	:*rlj	>ri..	.1 n. -

1,530,000/. granted ouf of. the confolidatfd fund,.applied by. tbeip-proprjation for sbftifefvice of tfae^ne* fent year. Cbl4».^ilk;F<^86»	,

Cm-

.Digitized by Google

cat'''

TO	her,

;i8 o/j^rlfj. ^granred1 >r.'xnaintaimng^he C»rtt$£t# iri the srttourt«f	IfymMtc''OV’P'fnteuih.

:frmpl	tot.p.dg*. •rT

■ i%4. 5 el.1 graTfted'lto Z>t*mc&tn CmpUlt fot1 rn^ift Paining cnvs'kfts'dn the river	Samp

<St'~2tn d page’. ' i 6 • ■	.	*

; < .• "

Corporations.

rhe Northumberland filfiery1fociety owp^rated and enabledto Wb tribe ^epljajjoiut fteskiof >plymg the filhery, not to exceed o /. each, fhare, an<J, rjiay purchafe tds ny the* Value ofjooX per ann.

MtfNMQP* 5W»‘" '”*•

V	>

Cam and Grain.

>

The importation and exportation (of curo,and>grainregu taxed; Chap. £&‘jfu668a' ■ '	•-	5	•

. ,$0,>i»uch.of aift xi Geo; j. c. jo. as rely&j jo chufipg-by JoC^ corn factors, and requires their appear-ance at the quarter feflions, repealed, and indead thereof returns to . tdjginen in by iaijpedtors to be Splinted* Apon.oath, oh penalty of ; so/.1,' Same aft, Y* ‘i.	/

i Tnfre&qrs of corn returns to re-p#iwjt from every faftov in and the fuburbs, a weekly fetuRn vOf jtorn brought into the Thames CAftward of London bridge, fold by hint during the preceding week, and to pay the infpe&orohe halfpenny per lad of ten quarters.

.. foreign corn charged one penny per lajf, to be paid iff week after jpnihippfd, and the corn ittfpeftdr ^foitajhaToiaf laiary of$t5/. per ann. from the city of London. Same

>('ThdJ^rtfage yricftf ftdttt weekly tetprus to be deemed tlie cotamon |>rice of middiln^ cortlf Ih

C&'r*

' to tji pu«i(he<i ■J2 'Are,and ‘certified' t^Vne pi

‘^cpftoros in^e^, a^co-, PjesWintrrtuted. tofte^Qllc^ors ’ of rne cunoms at au th?. ports in 'lijfex. font, anc?	\ynen fo-

reign corn may be.i rtVport^d, and vvhea fchrn |s at oribove the prices fpecified in 13’Geo, a.& ,4.3. piay be imported into L, Kent, and Stfffex irt the. low duties.

Same aft, f. 4. p. 670.

6.	Copies of each week** account to be lent to the collectors of the cu-ftofnS in London, Ac. ' t# her the guide for the bounty on exportation. Same aft, f. $?p. 671.

7.	Accounts to be laid before, the ' Jeffipns' in London of the aggregate '■quaritityarid price of corn f pats be*cipw«f)' fold- ’ every' fix weeks.

■Sartie aa. f.b. £. 6ya.x '•;/

8.	The maritime cotidtftk'to b'e'di-

vidtSTinto diftrifW/	and

Cambridge % id .tNiitfoWad, Lincoln and Tori’; piand

Northumberland. and the tbtam. bf "Berwick upon Tfyttsd;? jth, land and JVeJbnbrtldnd; 6tn, l,ou-cafttr and Chejler; yttr, Pjinf^ Denbigh.	dnglefea. Carnarvon arid Me-

rioneth; 8th,' Cardigan. Pembroke. Carmarthen and 'Giatn'ofgdn; £th, 'Ghucejler. Sometfet aritf Monrrfdttt'b, and the qity qf Brifioli jQ^. JQe- y voti and	Car'mvhlf%itxW.^porfet"

and Hants; arid/at1 feffiOhV’the jurtldes 'to fettfe tlie price of'corn for each couatV, &c. Sami ad!, f. ).	~

9.	Two markets .to be, feinted ter (life 4eaft riding1' arid twq for )fhe ndflh ridirig of YfrB/bire. Wd fqr <Cuttiber!ind hot* aorive folir^ ahd for Pfyi'mbftlaniLi$}},J1ai& Weekly

' titcounts''iireuto'Be Sr^urrik’d*to ' receiver’of theddft'ribttftri sirirt te-rthtljM	aifir	dtpicates	to

1 flWchlfcaflfkbr ttie dliftoms. ’ Same A aft, f. 6. p.672.^ r

10. No

Digitized by

Google

Szo	Cor

IQ. No miller, fWtor, clerk, agent •r perron buying corn, to be in-ipeAors, but fuch infjteAors to be appointed and difeharged by two yufticer, and to take an oath and keep accounts of the general aggregate quantity of Britijfr com, &c-|p be tranfenitted to the coJJeAor* of the cuftoms to govern the importation, but no alterations to be mde till EaSur (effions, 1790, and if the price be above that fpecified in 13 Geo. 3. c. 43. com may be imported in that diftriA at the low duty. Same aA, f. 7. p. 672.

11.	The weekly returns to be fipnt to the coIIeAor of the cuftoms to regulate the exportation of corn> &c. Same aA, f. 14. p. 678.

It. 150 tons of bifcilit and 100 quarters of pcafe may be exported annually from Greenock in Scotland to Newfoundland. Same a A, f. 15. p. 677.

13.	The comniffioners of the cuftoms may licence what quantity of corn, &<x they think fit, not exceeding annually 1,350 facks of Hour, 30 tons of bread, 13 tons of pcafe, 13 tons of oatmeil, and 13 tons of barley, to be exported, on Jeeority, to the bay of Honduras for the Briti/b fettlers there, on the fame terms as permitted to the fu-rar colonies 10 America. Same a A, £ 16. p. 677..

14.	Though com be above the exportation price before Jan. 1,1790,

'	2,000	quarters	of wheat, 2,000

fecks of wheat Sour, and 8,000 quarters of peafe, on fecurity, the tike as to the fugar colonies, may be exported to Quebec* .Same aA, f. 18. p. 678.

ic. See Rape Seed. Same aA, f. 19.

16.	Millers, &c. buying corn to give a weekly account thereof, and to aoake oath of the prices, &c; Same aA, f. 20. p. 679.

17.	No debentures for bounty on exportation of coin, &c. to be

Com

granted, wbiW	fe.

of the fame Qtocie is pemixed to be imported at the low duty. Sane a<a, fr3£. j^6&x.

18.	In all returns, com, &c. to be competed 8 gallons to .the brfil, and 57 pounds to be deemed opal to a bulhei.' Same a 24. p.

680.

ig. Infpedlors to be aJSosred^bries by the quarter fiefikms. Sink ad, f. 25. p, 680. ao. The privileges by t ? Geo. J. c.

43.	granted to	and	etfcer

towns mentioned, as to inpifr lion of corn, extended \aBo^a,a Line obi fare. Same ad, f. p.

681.

21. This ad to commence SyM,

1789.	Same adt, L30. p-bfa.

C tftfjieubh.

■ A&k whereby double qafe«f£» K&d. See Pammbraiau CtapLjj. f. 26.666.

QfisTrtUe.

SceSbirebcufe,EJftx.Chif.%.y.w See	Lotteries. Chip. 32. p.6l4..,k

Annuities. Ch. 37. p.ot 5. & Ch.41. p. 619. See Streets. Chap.38. p.615. See ^mlifieatioa AChap. 40 p. 617. bee Horfts md Carriages. Qup

49.	f. 21. p. 633. See Set. Chap. 50. f. 16. p. 638. Set Wills, Sic. Chap. 51. f. n. g. hti. See	Tobaeto. Chap. 68V ft 172. p-fc>-

See FavcrJ&am. Chap. 69. p. 6c?. See Navigate Canals. Chap. 72. 7 809. and Chap. 74. p. 811. See Bath. Chap. 73. p. 810. See Bs>-hours. Chap. 77. p. 814.

Coven! Garden [St, Paml).

See Churches. Cbapj-^tJ; p. far.

Courts Marti A ' Officers in the KiAg*sfefV»rtyi» in the Eejt Mia co«$&6yVftmr,

.“•J

Dif

ay 6* in coojondiott inrcoUttsvBttr -

iJr-'^CJlWpt %. p.'38^."'if ■	"•

. .t'<	fif' * • ■«*'*■»• i v; ’V > 1

Cromfofd Bridge, Tkfby/ftire.

BteNaoigaklt Gauds. i Chap. 74.

^lOwrn.	1;

• . C J ^	‘	’

Cufioms. , v

Seefrejf'fndies. Chap. ^6.'C* 4> 651'.	'

The treafurc author! fed to appoint tfo comml/Uoners of the cultoms irr	Enghrid,and	one in Scotland, to

enquire upon oath into the annual amount of the emoluments of offi-

Ex£

Dijtrffls.

8ai

, See Corn and Grain. Chap. <8..

f- 7* P-.$33*	..

',,1	.; <, \ ■'	,

Dminica (j/laiti)

6o6f.' grSntedfor the Cfndfjhffic* there to Jen. r, 1790. Chap. 61-

p, 686.'

Dunjton,	h

*	• .	:	t

See Intkfurts. Chap. 70. p. 807, Duplicates.

_______ T____	..._____■______________ For	making	out duplicates of ex-

cer$ bf the cuftoms, and others chequer bills, lottery tickets, certifi-eraployed in th^t revenue. Chap, cates, receipts, annuity orders, loft, 6a, p. 695/	(	burnt,	or	deftroyed.	Chap.6i.jp,	68$«

when tire enquiry is ‘completed, to report to the treafury the refult thereof. Same a&, f. 1.

>T*etfi*y tb iflue 1,300 /. to pay dqdcs. See. and the a& to eoniU nue till Sept. 1, 1790. Same a6V,

frond,Perry. ,

SeeJHMv Aft. ■ GhAp. 10. p.

> -q

D.

Dice.

,.. . E. .. ..

^Eafi Florida. >

900 /. granted to the commTflffon-ers enquiring into the lofles occafion-ed by the ceffion of Eaft Florida to the king of Spain, Chap. 6t.lp. 686.

TLrewoJh. .

See Navigable Canals. Chap. 74. p. 810.

Ejfix.

\For building a fhirehoufe fix \ N additional duty of an 6d. per the county of EJfex. Chap. 8. “X pair laid pn dice, andaa allow- p. 590.

Jufticea >y afleffnaents on landlords and tenants in equal moieties, mayraiti: 1,4001. Sau»a$,f.xi.

See Corn and Grain. ' Chap. 58. AH of 38 Geq. 3. c^ 46. relating f. 4. p.670.

N additional duty of 6 per pair laid pn dice, and an allow-ice made as before for prompt pay-rent. j Chap. 50. p. 633.

Drillers.

> the Stoich diftfllery, f. 62, 63, 64 : 65* repealed, and the relb of that 51 continued till July 5,1790. Chap. 5. p. 620.

See Spirits] Chap. 55. p« 648. See pirituotn	JJfxm.Chap- 63. L 5.

• 093*

Exchequer Bills.

x. For railing 3*500,000/. by loans or exchequer hiHs£ in -the fame manner as preferifced hy the malt all, for the ferricc at. the year

1789,

Digitized by v^ooQle

Szz	Fir

I 1789, and charged on the confofi-dated fond* Chap. 34. p. 614.

2. Fo^ raifing 2,000,coo/. more by the lame means for the like pur-pofe* and charged on the fame fund. Chap. 35. fame page.

3* 3,500,00oJL granted to difeharge exchequer bills, i(Tued by virtue of 28 Geo. 3. Chap. 61. p. 686.

4.	2,000,000/. more granted'totfif-charge other exchequer bills, ilTued by virtue of the fame a&. Same a<5f.

' .1 * , ;;

■ Favarjham, ‘	,,

Paving. Chajpl‘6ij. £$071

’	Feesi

• 761/. iV. granted for falarier ai>4

cxpences of the fcomnAfifeners for

enquiring into fee*, &c. Chap. 61.

P-686.

-v*£ Fbir! **'‘

1.	A£t3iQco..j2Y.c.t8,.for draining fen lands in the ifte of Ely, and county of Cambridge, between Cam, •lias Grant; Ottft, and MUdtnhall rirer», &c. amended, ancf for empowering the Bedford Level company to felf certain- inverted lands, And for laying rates on vefiels na-

* vigatSag the fajd rivers, towards fuppdrtipgthebanks theroof-Chap.

aa.	p. 596.

2.	For draining the fens, &c. in the

parifh of NoRon and -worth, in the county of Lincoln, and in the parifh of	in

the county of the city of . Taxer ij. per acre,- and 6i. per acre more may be adefied by con-font. Chap. 32. p. 612.

- Ftjbond Fineries.

. See. Northumberland Fifbtrj SocitfJ.

Chap. 25. p. 597.

x. For further enederagmg and n-

hnd, and fouthem whale fifhery. CH4p. 53? p. 645.	\

2.	’ Ntf fim’,- untefi caught by BriiA - Aibje&v, to • he-fendwl dr drietat

Newfoundland, ('except a* to the right ceded to the French). Same aa, f. 1/- A - -

3.	Ship* entitled t»,U»ntie*-by Gcq. 3. C. 41. failing by AprSic,

, ywly, td have tte (fo»e bounty tlWMgh they leave tho -GwaW , fa qrjflew'-i Sir eights before/thj.

, ro,«Hl we pot ladenupon rtvs-cen-{wfon, fpecihed. $am* a f.a. 4 TJ’* 3 foipa^witfei to Woatfo

: hyASGpo. 3* c» 20- letidotfoling . Gape Hern, o« porting M	to .b#Vf> -ibet-fane

bounty though they do not attara in 16 months, or by Du. 10, in the fecond ye^r. vi Same ad, f. 3. p. 646.

^.Minerspetn^tttngApprtfltfe'em-ployed in the hfhcrics to ijuit the fervice before the ypd.of lj« term, to forfeit joi oiilehr dlfclbrced bc-fq/tt a n^%gHVate, . pr tufoo^nyer to another mailer ta-the irnen-Same act, f. 5.	~~

6.	No premium unlefs the name « the (hip be infenpd in the indenture of the appfentice/hip. Same a«St, f. 7.	’	.

.Fh* and Gatign,

A<ft 23 Geo. 3. c. 77.' as 'fo4be manufanores of mxan'd Cotton <$n-tinued to March 25, 1793^ Chap. 34* P* 648.

FUetJbreet, Landau.

See Streets. Chap. 38. p. 615.

Feyrhee Hundred,in fit. Sec Pfitfr. Chap,.4, p. 59a,,

Digitized by CjOOQle

’ C'

'..I	.	'	G-jy}	|A‘]

'orfar ipwntyvfjii Sutisndi

or repairing the^roads fa fhe a*y pf Forfar in $wffcidf) w# fqp ula^ng tht (Utute laj^oar., Cbap.

Forfaited EJlattSf

j^oob/i‘^ppnipri^^ *6ut ef the jnexhaO(t<d balance or forplus afrWhgfreto the forfeited cftatCs in N*r*hJBfitdi!ti to bdapplfeS by the highfaftd (btfcty of Scotlandat jE&i-butgb WjMtfidc ufeifrrtH*t part of the kingdom. GhapJa8. pi^io, -Ijbobft* ifcttrfeapplied out of thfc furpWrs of tht forfeited* in Scotland*	building a	bridge

Berthe rite* A*, at Gukbrirnjfttb. Cbaj^ ii p, "614 ^	1 v' ’ - ■ ■

;oj. v- *'• <g -	t'

,; rr>N ^ Forefts.	-4-1

Se$ XwrsQwough TorMuro. Chap. &p*S*3-	'

kWhfUt (RegiJlriHg). ■

Chap. r3« &18.

.;! Go

m

d PktHatiitnt.

•

K> .nm

5iii

^ai&3

ill) 1 r jtn *fj‘« 1;.*^ .*iMv Gaols.

u A T Michaelmas felons yearly, \ e^Wr^aolef to^Jeliver a certi-^JifBt^in the form prejpribed by* the fc	)>e fcad in open dourt,-and

^jj^ntered on record* and then, to be

*	taken into conficieration Jby the court, and may give directions, and make orders relative thereto. Chap^.'piydfc. ‘ • '■

2. Qapl^r neglecline to deliver certi-‘fiiite^to forfeit, if a county gaoler 50/. and other gaolers 20/. to be rtedvei^d by any perfbn who (hall fue for the fame by action, in any eburt of record at Wcjlminjhr Hall,

•	\orcourt of great feffion in IVales,

'~\fV ■» 'M	’	1	JTifi

Of ‘thejco^myipoIhtinfeofiCh^a^ if thectfeoce aftfc<thereylan(frjii et-feia/flia and bofeyone impaebnee allowed. Same wS, p.703.

* J<k*ertdtjfae*'

V«	' ' '	.	'	, ' ’ „T |'*’V N >

A&s whereby the general iflue may be pleaded. See S Chap.

8.	p. 591. , S<e Annuities. Chap. 37, 38. & 41. p. 615. & 619. See Qualification A8. Chap. 40. p. 617.-See Bath. Chap. 73. p. 810. See and	Carriages. Cpap. 49. f. 21. p.

632. See Harbours. Chap. 77. p. 814. See Newfpapers. Chap.io. f. 16. p. 638. S8fc 'f'effletjkdm • Chap. 69. p. Spy, See,Wills. Chap.51, f. 11. p. 64 i.'Sit Navigable Canals. Chgf. 72. p.809. Chap. 74. p. 8x1. See Pawnbrokers. Chip. 57.	26. p.

66p., St^Tobavt. and Snuff. Chap.

$8.	806.V .

Gibraltar. ; . ..

See Tea. Cb^fU 59. p. 682.

Grants by Parliament.

331,649/, x8 s. 3d37. granted to make good the deficiency of grams . for 1788, Chap. 61, p. 686.

k	,	•

Greenock.	•

See	Harbours, Water.	Paving, &c.

Chap. 43. p. 619.	and

Grain. Chap. 58. f. 15. p. 677.

.. Greentbith Hojpital.

See '§layei^Chap.6^ ^,22. p. jrtDi.

Sec Tea. Chap. 59. p. 682.

" H.

Haddlifey, Tbrk/hire.

g E E Intlofurts. Chap.78. p» 814.

Hanover

Digitized by

Google

824	'

Hanover Spun (St. George).

See Poor. Chap. 75. p, 81 a;

Harbours.

See Now Slxreham. Chap. 21. p. 596.

1.	The term and powers enlarged of ails i & 9 W. 3. c. 29. 1 Geo. 1. c. 49* S,w°* 1. c. iq. 7 Geo. i. c. 16^ and 26 Geo. 2. c 10. for repairing the piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington* in Yorkjhire. Chap. 23. p. 596,

2.	Ail 13 Geo. 3. c. 28. for cleaat ing tire harbour of Greenock in Scotland enlarged, the rates granted by the former ail toceafe, and in lieu thereat, befidep the forma* duties, all fhips at the port of Greenoci% \o pay id. xq. per ton coming in, and the lame going out, Britijb (hips from other parts of Britain9.Set. \d. inwards and the fame outwards ; and foreign (hips, from foreign parts id. 3?. inwards and outwards, and coming from other parts of Great Brl-tabiy 2d. per ton, inwards and outwards; coal (hips for the town exempted, and (hips above 30 ton, and not lefs than 15 ton, maycom- * pound, and goods remaining on quaysabove48 hours, topay wharfage; when 2,000/. moreraifed, rates to ceafe. Chap. 43. p. 649,

3* For continuing and making more effectual the a&s 20 Geo. 2. c. 14. and 30 Geo. 2. c. 58. for repairing and improving the harbour or haven of Scutbwoldy in the county of Suffolk. Chap. 77. p. 813.

. Haftings (Governor).

20,342/. 6i. 4d% .granted for ex-pences of his trial not before made good by parliament. Chap. 61. p.686.

Hotvkets and PetfJars.

1. Acl 25 Geo. 3. c. 78. repealed, fo

fTaio

hr aVrt&at£$ to the

< plained, fame. '	,	.	i

3.	From Aug'. I, 178$, OTtawkerj, tit. travelling either on fob/, dr wfth one or radre hotfes, m England or Walesy or B/rtfrVI, ar.dfelling goods at other mertVhdufei, to pay a duty of 4A per atMV Iqr licence, and for each hoifr,^ bearing burthen, or drawing, rite like fum of 4/. per arm. Same aS,

4.	Hawkers, &c.

. aUdtioh, to Forfeit 5^/.	a^,

r-> P-599-	1

5.	Perforts taking licence;iH£ & the duty down, and to pfodutt a certificate of a good character from the minifter, irntf i hdwraokien of his paijfh, and to xn^rkoafe par IfLtjunfed HawJtet^frd Sbt felling fmuggled goods, roFodeit

' his licence. Same adt* f. 5.

6.	For trading with opt

refufing to produce if to a junSce, mayor, coriftable, or pciOeofitvxf or brbuftom^ 'or sol. arttMhe hawker,1 carried before m joftfce,' and the penalty cMrkined for,*ftd3n ilda-r

' payment the party may be^crxfr-mitted till payment, but not for more thati three roonrbs.v4amc

aa’f'9*.	.

7.	For forging a licence, or hawker*

trading without one,^o forfeit ico£ and for lending rt, or trading with a lent one, to forfeit 40/. :Swt a<5l, f/12.

8.	Not to trade in market towns, or within 2 miles thereof, except <xi

* market.or fair days, but if Ikcnfcd may fet up trades jwhere retjdcm, aod whole fale traders not deemed hawkers, and this aft not to extend to perfons felling printed ft-

cenfed

Digitized by

Google

Her

*fe4 pipers, (HI), fruit, pr Quails, or the real maker of y goods, &c. in Great Britain, their children, apprentices, or ©jnfs, nor to tinkers, coopers, raters, plumbers, or harnefs ertders* Same ad, f. 21.	'

‘empties. &c. to be recovered, ap-icd, ana offenders convided as f .former ads, and jufUces may cciv^ the King’s (hare, to be paid • the calhier of this duty, and by Lai into the exchequer, towards *e iund for ftavy annuities, and he powers by 96c 10 Wf 3. c. 27.

3 be in force where not altered, amc ad. f. 29.

^ rifles refu&ng to attend juf-ices on complaint to forfeit 10/. and (efcaadants may plead the gener9l flue, and have treble cofts. Same 32*

'.^(tiejfe (Landgrave).

56,16537.151, grantedto Landgrave fiefi,^ot frisfobfidy. Chap 61.

C ’	‘	"

LfiJjf&and Society (Scotland).

3^3«^pWopriated out of the un-haiufcd; balance arifing from for-ited^atesjo	Ntrtb , to be

dd<by $he baroos of the exchequer > the highland focieiy of hap. 28. p« 609.

... Migfworth, in WiUJhire.

Set Petr.Chap. 29. p. 61 f.

Honduras Bay.

See	ten end	Grain. Chap. 58.

. 16. p. 677.

Horfes.

[. Where two horfes are kept for riding or drawing any carriage liable to former duty, to pay an additional annual dury, betides the -former,	e



625

$• d.

For one of them	50

If 3, 4 or 5 horfes, for each beyond one	7 6

If 6or more, for each beyond one 10 o Chap. 49. f. 1. p. 624.

2.	This aft not to extend to horfes exempt from duty by 2+ Geo. 3. c. 31., qrby any fubfequent aft, ana duty for hones let out by the year, to be paid for by the hirers. Chap. 49. f. 3. p. 626.

3.	No licence to be granted to an horfe dealer, unlefs he declares where the bufinefs is to be carried on, ahd if granted to perfons, other than thole feeking their living thereby, to be void. Same aft, f. 5.

4.	If licetifed horfe dealers keep horfes for riding or drawing, and do not give a lift thereof to afleflors, they miy charge the duty for the dunwr fo kept. Same ad, f. 6. p. 626.

HofpUoh.

177,4.68/. os. id. granted for Cbeh fee nofpital. Chap. 61. p. 686. See Slants, as to Greenwitbhoipuel. .Chap. 66. f. 22. p. 702.

Hydrometer.

So much of 27 Geo. 3. c. 31. as direds that all fpirits fhall be deemed of the ftrength, denoted by Clartfshydrometer,continued to the end of the next fellidn. Chap. 55. p. 648.

J*

Jamaica.

3,000/. granted to John Ruder, for his lodes by difmantling an iron foundery at Jamaica, 1782, by'order of tir Archibald Campbell, governor of the ifland. Chap. 6t. p. 686.

James

Digitized by

Google

826	ind

James (Saint)

Sec Cbnribti.' Ctup. 47.^. 621.

'Jerfej.

See Tat, Chap. 59. p. 68*.

Imprijmmnt.

See Slavery. Chap. 66. f. 15.

p. 699.

Inclofures.

1.	For dividing and incloling the open eomoaon fen and Mgs in thepaeiih of Dun in ijnfcln-

Jbirt, and aUo the low lands in the faid panto, and in the pari to of Metberingbam, and the commif-fionert may borrow 7,000/. and raife a further tax of is. per acre. Chap. 70. p. 807.

2.	For dividing, inclofing, and draining the open fields, ings, paftures, commons, and walie grounds in the towntoips of Weft HaddUfn, Chapel HadSefejt Bajl

and	TempleHirjlt in the parilh of

Birkin, m the well riding of	-

fiire. Chap. 78. p. 814.

See Kreanfiiratib toreft.

Chap. 76. p. 813.

India (Eq/t)

1 The company with the approbation of the trealiiry, may raife

1,000,000 Lfor further increafing their capital, to be fubfcribed at the rate of 170/. per cent, and to make the fame dividend thereon as at prefent. Chap. 65. p. 697.

2.	Preference to be given to the prefent proprietors fubfcribing till Sept, i, 1789, and if the fubfcrip-tions exceed the fum propofed, deductions to be made from each fubfeription, and if (hort, the deficiency to be difpofed of to others.

- -Same adt, f. 3 p. 698.

3.	The diredors may contract with

'* -Last

one orawnre 'ptriona'far the whole. Swne,adtvf. 4..	.	;:o.>

4. Bnrriipti wwbcimnafiyyablethl if thcFubfatibenhuhanp^mim^be

fiock. mey he iold tot otbea*t*nd the depofit to be forfeited. Same atf.f. 6.

Ltjpe&ars See Certs ami Crain. Chap.	£70.

John (Saint) ijlanLt

1,90b/. granted	eWtl go-

vernment thereof to Jan. 1, 1799. Chap. 61. p» 686*

k.

Katt. _ .„p

SEE Corn and Grain.

f. 4. p. 67O.	*	;	*

Knar thorough(Terkjhirt).

r. The powers given by 10 Geo. 3. (private aft, K° 94.) ibrdHdmg

and endofing fachofahV) open parts of the fureftof Knassjkwmgk, as lie within dm ekrto riot thereof, and by the xy^yeo. 3. N° 54. revived and Oasafemorr effiwSual. Chap. 76. m 9*3-2. Copyhold exchanged

to be freehold, aiod- fprd>9 «°* trary. Same soft, C fo A .r 3. 200 acres allotted fats Hgwiift Spa. ’ 8wne a&, f.9.	-	.{•	>

L. -

4

’Labrador (CadjF). •

*4

g E E Jmtrka. Chap.16. f. 594

I.sauajkcr.

See Rivers. Chip, j/tp

Digitized by

Google

;	Lin

• . > -r:	.i'Ltuli

3,000/.granted to thesooanmiffi-ners appeuited~ to. *ntpntre into iCniaiKk revenues belohgingto the Ghap.-6tvp.'686.-	•

£	?ttc(	'•	•••>	*

Land Taxi

Land ta* for $78^,to be 4 in the

Cta^^ ;	.

Lfywtxu ^GuIpkofJaint).

See	Annm.X&qM&jy 59V

See Stomps. Chap. 51.' p. 639.

A.. .

Licences.

See Hawttrs'dnd Pod fori. Chap. &,< f.j. p.,593- i>e« Brand}. .Chap.

■	3. f.o. p. 694. See• ’hap. 68. f. 117. p. 779.

■	! .	S*	s	.	i*	>

vd

•O J.rt

vi' #ctr gtytag father power to' the.

cbfftnMTidaeh-under. a& Qeo. 3. ^\tu*>*odfa€.-Q<to.fg«i9f *5.to ■x<*e*dlglitheb6»:Si4he .northern ■'phi® atf $SVta£mdn*ivi«« -oh the' 3 mMtd	btujrnwf w .the iQimTLof

jpSpwgyahd oitytfwrbbafe tends) bmtbdrsow %fOpol. more. Chap. y*.p^643v	-

>. And t$idl (im centatiffioners may, Whin theduckrf aht&iiieieij*,. jredt other iightbhufesir.and ete& tho; •chief .magiilratt; of the neareft1 royal burgh, and the fherifF de-' putc of the cqunty, to be commif-fioners, but norteconcefhed in any corpm&to a£t..; Chap. 53. f. 4.

. p. 644*

See Lancafler. Chap. 39 p^6t6.

Linehlnfhire.

Set Fens. Chap. 32. p»6t2. See fntMfres. Chap. 70. p. 807.

Voi. XXXVI.

827

’ ’ • Lwfty )'.Wv-y

A A# 17 Geo; 3. c. 38^ relating to plates for printing linens, continued till July 1^1794. Chap. 19, p.596.

2. For entering any houfe, ite. in Stttbnd, with intent to deftroy linen or'MITMiflYht loom,&c. and - cohtifted in the judiciary or circuit courts, to fuffer death. Chap.

” 46. p. 6ii.	'

M,*	“m	*

*	c

Uan/jllin

fti the county •in fP'ales, for' huiWing a market ,houfe there. ' Chap. 24.-p, 597.

Littdm. ■'

•>' Sec Corn ahd Grain.', Chap; 58. f. 4. p. 67O.	-

* *	1	1	•	■

' 1‘ ■ .; Loti&ifS.

771,562/. icj. raiffd bjr a lottery; tickets at 15/. 8<. ;flf, l-a each, and .590,090/.' in prizes ro he paid June 2,47^0.' Chap. $3. p. 643.

1'' , .*	*	,%s-	r	}	•	>	•

.Ltmy^nesA,'.

For continuing th<?a£\ 27 Geft. 3.

c. 13. as to low wines, &c. in Sett-land, till July 5, 1790. Chap. 45. p. 62(3.

..... ..

Malt A3.. V

FOR continuing and granting the annual duties on malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the year 1789. Chap. io. p. 591.

. Mancfiejier Square.

i. Forlmproremem thereof. Chip.

5.	p. 590. Womeh may-rote by proxy. Same aft,'is-3s

I i I	a.	Rates

Digitized by

Google

8*3	M

2.	Rates 6d. per pound, according to the rent, and empty houfes exempt, and owners of houfes to psy for ambafladors. Same 3ft, f. 9.

3.	The trurtecs may raife 80c/. by annuities, or at legal intereft. Same aft, f. 15.

4.	Appeals allowed to the truftees, and from them to the quarter fefii-ons, but no Certiorari. Same aft,

i. JLU.

5.	This aft not to affeft .any other

part of St. fitarytibcmi par\(h. 'Same aft, f. 28/	;

. > Manrffaflnrcs* = »•

3.	Militia clothiqg.?ct> £h»p. 15. •P«59+-

Mufaun, Btitifii’

See Britijj Aluftust. p. 686. ...	.

■ ;

1. Land forces, 17,448, nienioouJ-; ingi,72Qinvalids. Cbap.a.p.5®. The loads of waggons employed 2*for the army increased to johsp-1 dred weight. Same aft, f. 46., ^ ,

1 fir# ^

x. Aft 23 Geo.7 3. c. 77. for encouraging the manutafturers of

flax and cotton, continued till March 25,1793- Chap. 54. p. 648. 3. Piece goods wove at home cnayr be fold by auction, in whole lots, of not lefs than 20/. price, exempt from aufticn duty laid by 27 Geo. 3. CM3, but mufl be fold in entered . places. Chap. 36. p% 691.

See Tobaqa Snuff. Ch*p. 68* P-79S-

Marine Ail.

' Chap. 3. p< 590*

'	' 4	. ' •	‘	t	a	«

1 Marjhes.-See	Fm. Chap. 21. p. 596.

Metheringham-tUncolnjhire.

See Incltfurti. Chap. 76. p. 807.

N.

. 1 •	__

'NavigableCanals.

a T7vOR roa^'rt{» a namgaWetaaC’ f from the borough df JMfcay in Hamp/krre, to Rtoiriigr, irrftef parrfh of Millbrobt, in the fef ; county. Chap.	pi 8©8. ;

' The like from Cromftrd Bnsgry in Utrbjjbxrty v tojoia with tbe Ertwa/b canal hear and allbsa -<»ll*te*i*t-cut dotpabt;: faid intended catral ow Ga^w*-' Fori	PtquiM.AfilirM&t

(aid county. Chap. 74. p. ;

•r • • • ,1	rn	j	0	-	•

5,400 l.granted for abetaiviLgfcv. vernment of Ntw	A’

| June 24,1790. Chap. 61. p. 686.'

*	’•	/r

JfftqfmHand.. -

.	)	Muiia.:r

1.	Militia^uui (enable tneh, WhtoJn a&ual fervice to be regularly muf-tered. Chap. 2.'pi'589. A

2.	The names of militia men, &c.< within 6 month# of the expiration of their fervi.ee jo he certified on the. hack £flfye mutter roll. Same a<a, and page. s

f. I. p. 645.

Chap. 58. p. 677.

• 1,182 I.tor. graftted for faliries for the governor r and civil .officers of

Newfoundland^to Apdi 1.1799, Chap.

61. p. 686.* -v,	-y

Digitized by Google

Nov

*	'■ ‘ Jtftwjjpaptrt.

\n additional ftamp duty of one alfpenny Maid* onn ncwfpapers, nd to be ftamped before printed* :hip^6. p. 633.

\n abatement out of the duty of r /. per cent, on payment of to/, it one time for Jtamps; but )^aytf:ers letting out newfp^pers oibriSit 5/. Same aft, f. 8. PrSjtfietors of newfpapers fojoia in iedpfities according to 5 Geo, 3., 46;* for payment of the dutyori. adverti feinents, add if paper liable ’ to duty be printed before fecurity is given, the printer or poblUher to forfeit 500/. Same a£t, f. 10. p. 636.

To pay the duty in 30 days, or if not in to days more, after nptice, may be fued m-the-4exchequer. Sa^aca^Cria.,pr637^i ^	;

•	If*	WtWVer5

gcj^cfsu of the flamp,duty, audto

bq^prri^t&jhe cq^ibl»4ate4,fW-Same a&*.ft x5- P* j

V( * ^ •I'O * * ^ m •	<

^ \: *, \

1.	2j8^7‘S°»6<* granted fer the civil

eftBBWbmcrtt of .9rtfM Wales, uto'O&eber	Chap.	6r.

p. 686u^ 0 r.	•■*'■••••'•*	;

2.	2*075 A 6;. 1 d. more granted to difeharge bills drawn by vf. Millar, comtniflary of the fettlement of

NeviiSmb Wales.' Satne>aft, and P*fe»-

Northumberland*

The Nirthumbeflarrtf Fi/htry incorporated,&c. Chap. 25.p. 597.

Nova Scotia.

h,nil'ijs.td. granted for the civil government thereof, till 'Jan. 1,

1790.	Chap. 61. p. 686.

Pat- S&

-xi 'Vine 1	brie	‘

\isO 'j.v.i • -1wo 1 *:»c 'iv'i v'

Oaths. f ‘bfc?:nrai£

TIME allowed, a^ji^emnity^ officers,&c. who Omittedto take

the oatba, £c. requbedbv the.»ft*»

1 Geo. 1. ft. 2, 5.

13 Car. 2. c.* 1. .Sec 25 Car. 2. c. 2. See Service and crament 1. 3P Car. 2^ft. 2>,c, i. f. 6. See Papijh. 8 Geo* jv\o,-6a Sep Quakers. 9 Geo. a. c. 26. See Oaths.. 18 Geo. 2. c. 20. See JujHces of the Peace, and 6Ge04's5 *^«6e Oa/Aj, continued till Dec. 25* 17 89*, Chap.

4°-*V7v	.w-r.

’	' Opfes-JP^i^ t*; *:

7&itfy r J. 'gran»ed t>cnbfe comroif* fioners for1 enquiring into fats',. Stc. 0/ ppblick . offices, $ for I; < falajiesy ’ clerks," and- cxpenceev b Chap;* 6r. J

•p. 6 $6,	•.	■ ; ■ . .

.	-Offictrs.	>	■

. 17*,776/.'^. gfantetr^bKrighpi propriated by 28 Geo. 3. c. z6.) to reduced officers for 178$, {be overplus to be difpoftd of to maimetr officers, 'widows and children, arabeKing fhali direft. Same aft, and page.

See Tobacco and $*^,y£hap. 68,

p. 705.

»/-’' >



PopiJls.

THE time for inrollment of deeds and wills of Papifts, enlarged tillS/^r. 29,1789. Chap'. 36. p. 614. S	cc QathnChapu^o; p. igriyr

Parhamnt.

I. Aft28 Geo. 3. c. 26. for rtgrf tog ; freeholds, ‘ ftifpe ^ rif[5,1790. Chap, r

Sc. 26. s,' nifpettHcd'till ApriX^ 1790. Chap', ii. p. 593. . And repealed bjr Chhp. 8.

I i i 2

Digitized by

Google

&3'o P^y'

Paving* Lighting'and Watching.

1.	For paving, &c. Whitby, in York* fbire* and regulating carriages, &c.

• there, and makihg/cotovdbteflra>-. proacbes to tbe bridge over jibe river Ejki Chap* 12* pvMfej •

2.	The lord of tbe otancir or Whitby . to pave the market. place, and a

duty of is* per ton laid on coals. Samea<5h

3.	The triiflres may borrov the.money neceffary on arinuitics,. and aflign the rater, and appeals 10 tbe

. feflions, and inhabitants may be wimefles, but.no Certiorari. S*tnc a dh

4.	For* paving the ftreets, and repairing the highways, in the paurifh of St. Cicmtnt in the town and .port of

• ffajlingj, in the coiihty of $trjpx% ■ fcc. rates notmorethan f20/.; pet-Utin; and may raife 1,500/. at in-rereft; Charp. 27. p. ^09.

-5.For paving, &c. the town of Cklhnf~ ford, in Effc*. Cba^>. 44. p. 62b.

6.	For paving, &c. the town and li-v berty of Favtr/bam in Kent. Chap, i 69. p. 8p,7.

7,	For paving, &c. ftreets, tea. in the p^rifli of Pantrac in Middiefex* lying on the north and .fouth tides of ‘ the road from Paddington to Jflington, called Somers Town* and rates at 6 d. and 2 s. in the pOuhd. Chgp. 71. p. 808.

Pawnbrokers

. Further regulated, for one year^ and to the erld 6f the next fefiion of parliament. Chap, 57; p. 651. This fl(ft is the fame verbatim as .07 Geo.

3.	c. 27.' (except f. 17. which is re-’ pealed by 28 Gco.( 3. c. 50.)

Poymaftor General.

1. 398,769/. 1/3i. remaining in his haritfs, to be applied in dif-charge of "the extraordinaries of

Qua

the army, from Dec. Z4*1787,. to • Dec. 24, *7j88. Chap. of. p. 685* 2* 63*04,3/. 5 j, granted tothe?3y-. tnaftbr general* Secretary at war, &c. Same act, and page.

P&th* County of (Scotland).

For repairing tbe roads in die county of Pert by and amending the z& 25 Geo. 3. c. 13. Chap. 17, P* 395-

Plates.

See Linens (Printed). Chap* 19.

p- 596.

PontefraB (TTorkfhirt).

See Cburcbes. Chap, 48. p. 623,

Poor.

1.	For carrying into exectrtiwi \b* atfs 16 Ged. 3. c. 9. #6d 23

* Geo. 3. c. 29. fo'r* relitf & ix . poor, &c. in the^tundTedof/&r;-hoe* in Norfolk* with power to borrow 4,000 L a»d, tp lay rate* at ls.qd. in the pourief.* Chap.

4.	p.596.	;

2.	fror providing a workhoufe fbf the poor of the pririfh of HjgbuOrib in IViltJbire* and for appointing an additional overleer of the joor* Chap..29. p. 611.

3.	Hor relief of the poor of the parift of Saint George Hanover Square ia the liberty of the city of Weftim* fer* for repairing the highways, regulating the beadles, watch* patrol, and for paving, &c. tbe ftreets, &c. Cbrap. 75. p. 812.

<htal*jitaUmj4&

• J - •	■	-	I

1. T? Nhrgcd till Dec. zs* I

J 2jChap. 40. p< 6*6. . .

a. The

Digitized by Google

Rh -

The time for Ihe deputy lieute-ianx^t9 deliyer in their 1,9 ynd.er . the , militia ail ib !jeo. 3. c. 10/. f. 14^ enlarged till )>ept. 1, 1789. Same ad. p. 617.

Quebec.

5ee America. Chap. r6. p. 594.

R.

Radnor (Earl.cf).

E E Oreefs (from Fbetflrtet to ‘ Temple/lreet). Chap. 38, p. 615.

‘ Rape Seed.

To be facluded in the weekly ac-unts of corn, and may be imported im Ireland^and lodged in warehouses thoutr^aymept ot duty, and under c fyffic regulations as\corn. Chap,

I. C 19. p. 678.

- ; Riqprs. '

A& 43 ;G*o. i. c. ri. for improving the navigation of the river Loyne, alias Law, and fer*building a quay at Ldncafter, &c. Chap. 39. ih ’friV ''	1

. ;6,£Oo/. already borrowed and expended, and a further Turn appropriated towards the weft dock at ' utijjoriy befides 1,560/. a further fum is neceflary. Same act, f. V.1

An additional tonnage laid on all fhips coming into f^oyne river, between Lancafter Old Bridge and the Perch cK Coder Sqnd Abbey, (except the King’s (hips and thofe driven in by ftrofs of weather, .or not lading or itqWing there, or lajden wi;h coals or fuel) befides th^e former .rates,. vifc. .for fhips from any part of Europe, within >the or vte AMtermteafi $eay AJrmt Amerip(^ W'&Utnkiulj per

in Great Britain fouth of tfolyhebd *nd north dr the* Midi of Gdltvdy%* per ton, 3d. From, Ireland or the I fie of Manr per. ton, 2 d. From any place noiidi of Holyhead and foutb * of Gedwty* ppjr imiJiZd. Ships in ballalr and not lading to pay one*fourth parr. Same ad, and page,

4.	Rates to be. applied, firft to-pay 2,500 /. borrowed under this ad, ami when is paid,-a«d^the former debt ‘reduced to 4,000/.

’ *he duties, b/ this ad to ceafe. Same ad.	,

5.	'Iqgfht'duties laid i6n (hips failing between tlie fouth end of Wulney IJIand and the north weft pa£ of Koffal Point) whereon a landmark is creded,'or failing in or out of Dvddcti) or lading or unlading in the-bay of' Laneajier, (except* the King’s ftiips ^>r thofe ladwi with fuel or trading in the port of Lan-(after), to pay1 per ton, 3J. Samcad.

6.	Shlpsdtiven in by ftrels.of weather, and not loading there* to,p^y per ton. id. Same ad.

7.	The quay, wharf,.mole and landmark, verted in truliees upder ad •23^50. 2. Same ad. , f

8.	The pier at Glafton deemed a legal quay. Same ad.

Roads.

1.	4,0007* granted for repairing tfre toads and bridgesirv the highlands of North Brilairi) in 17S9. Chap, bi. p. 686.

2.	Ad 8 Geo. 3. o. 6o. for Tipairing the roads in tJ*e county of Roxburgh) continued for 21 years, and the ftatute labour converted to a compofition. Chap. 7. p. 590.

3.	25o. c; 13: lor re^airfng the highway bridges and ferries

I i i 3	In

Digitized *by Google

%*

Sp-

lace ift

Jthpe\extc$ Ireland) Ffti "ef Jffin* fchfl *thc S freights or MediUrraitefa Zed. per ton., id. ’Froth arty p^aCe"

*5*	,	*	.

in the eohiity of tn Stetland,

. amcqded, itc. Chap. 17. P-5Q5-

4.	For repairing the roads ana regu-

Sld--Sendees.

_am«jded,iFc. Chap, ij.p.aae.	-	,	,	,	,	.

For repairing the roads and regu- . *9*>3*V. jgf*nted for Cacret Jfcr-Jating<tbo>ftat»te labour .in the V1CCS or J7^- Chap. 61. p.-68b.

r»A>.ntu	Pk___- ^	1 ' A - - -

county qf	Forfar.Chap. 20.	p.

59b. •	*	"	'

sy

'■ Set Reads: < Chap. 7. p. 590.

VJ

■ S, .

ha'tlclbth.

Hups.

For burning (hip* or deftroylag goods ih Scotland, Chap. 46.	pzi.

",	,,	'■ Shirt Hottje.

Se	t itfixiChap. 8. p.590.. ,

- v b; - ■ Ships.

x. A CT 33 Geo. 2. c. if. tor con-OXtinuing 12 Q* Ann. ft. 1. c. 16.

. relating to failcloth, continued till • Sept. 29, *795, and 19 Gtto. 2. c. 27. relating to the fame, continued tilt June 24,1795. Chap. 55. p. 648.	'

2. The rewards by 12 Q^ Ahn. hot to be paid for fails exported, un-lefs firft ftaniped, and if not afterwards a dually exported to be forfeited. Same ad.

Samples.

Duty by 25 Geo. 3. c. 3©. arid26 Geo. 3. c. 9. repealed. Chap. 9.

p- S91*. ■;; .;;r

Skereham	.

: ThepOwerrby 33 Gto. ivt^j. for ereding piers, Sat	-

ham in Suffer altered; thtOMduria to' eeafe... and near ones -grained. Chap. 2ti p. 59S.	•' r, v

1	mow	4

Shrevsbury See Churthtt. Chap, 31, p.642.

See	Tobacco and Snuff. Chap, 68.

f.t01. p.765.

Schools.

See Churches. Chap. ji. p. 592.

Scotland.

See Reads. Chap. 7. p. 590. Chap. 17. p. 595. Chap. 2C. p. 596. Chap. 61. p. 686. See Highr land Society. Chap. 28. p. 609. See Forfeited Efiatn. Chap. 42. p* 619. See Hatbeuru Chap. 43. p. 619. See Low IVines, tic. Chap. 45. p.

620.	See Ships, Stc. Chap. 46. p.

621.	1

'Fortheyear y89,2cyoop feamcn, including 3,866 marines.

Silk Manufactures. ’	<

j. So much of 3 Geo. 1. c. 15. as I relates to (ilk manufactures, cbor tinued till June 24, 1795.c Chip. 1 55. p. 648.	’	•

2. Ad 6 Geo. 3. c. 28. for prohibiting the . importation of. hpjsjgn wrought fiiks, continued till the fame timf. Same ad- f. 7. £'.'648.

SletVfS.

•1. Ad 28 Geo. g.c. 54 for regulating the. (hipping qf (laves amended, and continued till

1790.	Chap. 66. p. 699.

2. Before (hipS'hfe cfcaTed oot' for this purpofe, the matter is to execute article* <«d "J*t fbrth in the fchedule to this ad,on penalty of * 'Cot. anfl mutter roln according to

fchedule

Digitized by

mSou ■

hcdule B. to. be. t^gularly kept i penalty of ioo /. and fix months n^lfohment. Same f. 15. J 700.	,	'	'

>Jo officer, mariner, or teaman, > be turned over or difeharged ut only on the terms f#pre(Te4 in tie a<5h Same a<ft, f. 17. p. 701. No flops to be fupplied beyond! ne-fourth part of the monthly pages. Same ad, f. 18. p. 701. Officers, mariners, or teamen, be-taving in a riotous or feditious nanner, may he confined 24 hours iefore repprted* to the captain of a hip of w^r, key Same ad, ft 19. Mutinous officers, &c. may be rommitted by order of a governor n Africa, or the IVeJl Indies, and :he wages of* r'uh meh to go to Grjettwiik^ hpfpi^.^ Same f* *3. - v, ,	it	.

Offences, to be tried in coprts of oypfriand tenu^cr ip,Kngbnd^ and the penalties mayj# rfcoyej<?d in a court of record, and a&ions on this ad to,\fc brought in 3 years, and the party againft whom judgement given (plaintiff or defendant) to pay double colls. Same ad, f. 23.	" -

500/. granted to the commiffion-^rs appointed by 28 Qco. 3. c. 54. ,as/to flaves from Africa• Chap. 61. p. 686.

Somers Town, in Pancras Parifh. See Paying* Chap. 71. p. 808.

"Soldiers.

Volunteers not to be confined for ebts under 20/. Chap. 2. f. 65.

>. sV

t	.

See, Mutiny. Sameaft, C 46.

Southampton (

S:s Qhmhts. Chap, 47, p. 622.

$31

-^ihwUistmK l:'

S$e Harbours. Chap. 77; p* 8*3.

*•	'	^	"	'	;*	■«	’*	ti

Spirtts and Spiritual Liquor si

" See HydrometerV Chap. 55. T, 10. p.648.

Licenfed dealers in fpirituous liquors from the time they leave off trade, on a month’s n*tt<$ to be exempt from duty, and if the ]* cence be expires to be exempt from further duty, but not be repaid any thing paid before. Chap,

6l-.f**.P-*93-

•. • “ \ \ . ,\ . ' ■ ^

Stbmps.	*	**

x. Afl^ditional (lamp duty laid on . oewWpers- *

: rNewfpaper$, each to pay ax.JA Advertisements, each	qj. j5^.

., Cards, per pack . r , on 6d.t Dice per pair ,	2s..fyl.

No'allowance for cancelled newf. papers, and pewfpaper* are not to be let out to read. Chap. 50, p.

633-

2. Additional duties granted on probates of wills, letters of admini-ftration, and on receipts for’legacies, or (hares of pevjfanal eftates, by the ftatute of diftribution, viz.

/. s. d.

Where, the eft ate is above

300/. value, per fkin *' 1 Co If 600/. and under 1000/.	2 10 o

If 1000/. and under ?ooo /. 5 00 If 2000 /. and under 5000A - 8* 10 o If 5000/. and upwards 13 10 'o For receipts for legacies )	\

of 406/*	.	% 0 0

For every 100J. moreu 1	0	0

Bux not to extend xo the vulls $f failors or foldiers, flairtor dying in the King’s tervice x nor t<* legacies or diftributions to wife, children or grandchildren of the teftator, and one ftamptfp denote both the former and this duty. Chap. 51. C h 2. & 4. p. 63^ 64^ ff4

I i i 4 3	"r	bSttiteb.

Digitized by

Google

8»r	P*

Starch.

Starch may be exported itt iH parts, notwithftanding the price of corn, See. may be above the expor-1 tation rates. Chap. 58. f• 1J, g.

677-	;	.

. .	*' Jl •• :*	i - 1 •*

Streets.

.	.. x; . t i..- ,	...

.For opening a new	fbeet	from

fleet,Street ioTtmfiU Sirettt	itc.	ip

Lenin* awl .opening a paffage to Wait*	home^u»d heppiqg	up certain

nlkjit, ice. 1 Chap. 38. p. 615;

•. ij,.	’	;	"

• •	I	i	t	■; V ’ '

_ ‘JV

allow,v	<

ACT 7.Geo.3*c. 12-

liouing, tbs impprt^jp^ ■ ;of tallow, * continued ull t4<v$hZt%5,

1791.	Cliap,i5s,.p^^4$,;-.

- Tea. ■ >	■

Thfe like drawback allowed ort tea exported to Gucrnfey, JtrJey, Gibraltar , and other places on the continent of Europe, and alfo to Africa, as if exported to Ireland or America j but the quantity to be allowed by the treafury. Chap. 59. p. 682.

■ f ■

. Temple Street. See	Streets.Chap. 38. p. 6x5.

Tools.

A cl 26 Geo.'3, c. 89! for prohibiting the exportation of tools, continued till the end of next felfion of parliament. Chap. 55. p. 648.

Tobacco and Snuff.

J.From On. 10. 1789, the duties on tobacco and fnuff, by.27 Geo.

. 3. c. 13.bn iimportation, and the drawbacks tofeaie.aud.thejfoJlow-

Toh 1

iqg quftoaa moi CKiftto ke pi,

ytZfT<

euflom. «&

,r	•

For Spanift a»d /V> tugutjf tp tpaeeo, im-r ;	5	.

potted,'per,pound	1 &	*•

If warehoused for ex- .	...

pnrtatioct	...»r	41

For /n/b or American tobacco	vo "6	- *o	6

For fnuff imported by the	Baft India company 13 S *

If frpta	BrictftkAme-

nta. or the Spanijb Weft Indies,	0<‘ 10

From any other plan o 10	>4

Warehoused tobacco and fooff aot ’ to p*y ’..duties. til) delivered m Chap, (68. p. 705.

2.	Dut^s jq be uiWtr the eottaif-ifiotws lift tire cuftodu and

: i(*EtigWnd endSevilaai. refpefbwty.

§atnead,	f.4.	p- 707.

3.	No- tobacco to be impdrwihw only from America, »«r penaky sf forfeiture vrith the’ vefki,

eppt Spattifii Portugacft rod thft tobacco, under the pnfcm regulations). Same aid, t f. fL &tBt.

4.	From Aug. j, 179c,	«

fnuff imported in ihips underlie tons, forfeited with tfaerdk1,hc. and the like.pebaiy if ribacco Hafts, tobacco ffalk flour or fbuff wwk be imported, or if tobacco or faff in calks under 450 poend

but not-to extend to loofc tobmt for the ufe of the crew, and pot more than 5 pounds weight for each perfon, nor if the quantity be proved to be fotgil or without the knowledgeof the roafter or owner. Same ad, f. .7. p. the fame.

5.	Veflels with more than ico£.o( tobacco or fnuff or ftalks, &c. co board found at anchor or hoveriog within 4 league* of the-cosil, forfeited- Same ad, fj 1*. p. 709.

6.	Anuman tobacco stay be ixhported diredly .frpnacJhecfie.in Briu/t

Ihips

Digitized by

T4 r

hip? ravigated according to law; >ut if tobacco or fnuffbeimpoyted nrtofjny part bf Great Britain (ex» *pt to London, Brijloly Liverpool\ _ laruajler, CoiveSyFtilmmtbyWhite* wen, Hull, portGlaf^My Green-xk ox Lfith)) to k forfeited with he (hip, &c. bur ^^rf«i^tdbitrco nay be imported into th€’#tyf fadfo i(lands in traffiefc, lihA tfom hence iota Great Britain^ uhdfet he like regulations, and the name >f die (hip moftbe in ithc m&hifeft, ind not to be imported w^bu^ >n penalty of £007. and irlatided without warrant, to forfeit treble he value. Samea<^ ft iy» r ‘ C^mmifijoncrs of cuftoms tonpr >pint mooring places, and H (hips ire not moored there,, otfcrtttfced, mdrrmamfeft delivered, forfeiture 10ok but tobacco or fiijiff mey be jrpughtrto one ,of the enumerated >orts and conveyed to another, ixuKftcfie^s wholly laden with to-wccor oiay come into Cowes or Valmwfb (of orders, but mbit make \&\rf on oath* &c. and depart in r4 days, and no fnuff imported to >e exported in the fame (hip. iaq&e aft, f. 29. p. 719. Comrbiffioners of cuftoms to provide Warehoufes for tobacco and nufiv and they and the cotnmif-iopersiof exdfe, to appoint officers O attcod, who are to mark hog(-icads add weigh tobacco, and importers not taking tobacco out of >og(hcads lodged in warehoufes^ to >ay 6d, per week for each. Same

33- P* 720.

Stalks of damaged tobacco to be jurat, and not to be feparated from he leaf, and after tobacco and fnuff veifehjed, Samples may be taken, o be'returned. Same aft, f. 35. >•7x2.

Tobacco lodged in warehoufes nay be Reported under itftriftions pecififit, on bond, in penalty of tot more ib*o 3,000V. bit only at

w nr-

the pl|ce of importation, and in tht original hpglhcad. Same Cp. 726.

11/Afttjr fcparation of damaged to- k baccQ, tf the remainder in jth? ftogfhtad be under 450 U. it may be repacked* Same ad, f. 43. p. 727*’

12.	Tobacco for exportation may be tSefivefedby tbe yrarebotdb4ian,U}ii producing a * certificate of * bond * gi venj and .if tobacco beeonceakd, or not (hipped in 24 bows, forfeited with trifles, &clAr if oh dipped within 4 leagues of the coaft or in the kingdomfhe like, and for erafing marks, td forfeit 100 f. Same aft, f. 45. p. 728.

13.	Bonds for exportation of tobacco difeharged on certificate produced infix mbriths if exported to Breiarm^ 'Guttnfejy Jerfey, Atderhtydr Safky1 if' tordnjr other place ih Esitope (except the ffle of Mkn and the ifland of Ferro,) and in ARa or Africa, Within'the Streignts of Gibraltar in 12 months \ if to America or Africa% in j8 months, and if beyond the Cape of Good Hopey In two years; but the bond for exportation to Ireland nojt to be forfeited, if the quantity landed be not more than 2 lb. in ipo lb. deficient. Same aft,f. 49. p. 729.

14.	Tobacco not to be exported to Jtrfey7 Guernfeyy Alderney y Sark or the ifle of Man, without licence, nor annually more than 40,000 lb. weight to Jerfejy 35,000#. to Guernfejy 5,000lb. to Alderney % 1000/#. to Sark, and 40,060/#. to the iflp erf Man. Same aft, f. 51,

P- 73r*

15.	Warehoufed tob&ccd to be token away in 24 months, and fnuff in one mon(h» or may be Aid to pay the duty,'and if deficient to be . burnt atid theafhA fold,and if for home cbrtftimptidn, the proprietor to give 24.' hours hfitfee of the fpccifftk ^uatotity td fce I'embved

Digitized by Google





tab

•rvi to, 1* weighed* wi 6/. per x .	*9*

hogfbWK) per week, to be pud /or	. thor?« spyperfaunil chat usse, i£.

warehouse room, after. x8 month* For ficences granted^fter t^/pid

■’ of	.t«:autb«nfc	jny

.. fr*m*toj«try ot,iij 14 days after wfightdi and in weighing tobacco or irwC a/i. per tagfhcsd s^er-

-	dupoife to be allowedtor the turn of the fcale; sod none to be em-

. ployed in the. King’s warehoufe

■ but fuctvas sre iiccnfcd by the cojm-mi^ooers of thecuftomsj((an4to-

-	bKOP^ or fnuff Dived fijofla wr^ek to.be, lodged .in the i#xt cuftom-

; boufe wsreh9uie. Supea^Aja.

»6, .l^nufadbtrers and dealers to make entries .3 days before, tney

Wfh

. perion till within :	_

ioth 'of OB..previous tp.ajfcjqg . out the. fame if the weighed not above _2O,OQ0& wftgfc,,

For. jprfoo&. weight.	.

A»J> gradually for each io«popi. .. .weight, till it arifcs to ^Qo^S.

weight,, and .. then the .payment , amounts’to	,	..	.tjf.

And above that weight. x jg£. Alf dealers to pay .’in."’,	ind

. . Edinburgh, ahaufUly for keeqees

,SH-v ......................

nanufaduteor fellfqbaccqor fnuff In any other part of

in their warehoufcs, mills, &c. on penslty of aoo). and all the goqds, and where .ope , entry is made no - other to be under the) faoje roof.

$»«* *3, f. i9- P*. 737il ,.v . 17. No fuch entry within,the limits of the excUc office in London, un-. kfs in aencnfents of 10/. per apn. nor in;other places, except where paid to. church and poor rates, and dealers, &c. to have words put up to fignify the lame, on penalty of 5o/..and if fuch words are painted and 50; licence, to forfeit 100A no manufactures, favc in cities, within. 4 miles, or jn market towns, within 3 miles ofthecoaft, on.penalty of 50/. Same ad, f. 6r. p. 738I !

10. By Sept. 30, 1789, an account to be given to on oath of the flock of all dealer*, &c. in tobacco or fouff, to, the cxcifc office of the diftrid where they dwell, on penalty of forfeiture, and alfo the like when put in operation on the fame penalty, and tobacco, &c. found in <fay,s after, alfc forfeited. Saipe ait, f. 66. p, 74c.

19^ Ail manufadurers and dealers in . robacop oft fipuff, tp take out an gn^al /ic^eirpoxf^efxcife, and .:	topay^if granted

t	V	U	-

2Jt 64. ^	,,	_

v, Tq he renewed yearly, 9a penalty pf 200L but /aanuladur^.&ot , felling lefs than, 4,24- of lobara ancJq/4. of fnuff need notukeo*? licences as dealers, apdone Ikozcr fufficient for a| partner/hlp la o» houfir,, but not to au&o»iie mama-fedqnug in any other than tht place, originally entered; and tobacco and fnuff may be (old they remain in the Klag’g ware-houfe; and flalks may be maau-fa&ured at entered mills, for ofya manufacturers. Same a<3, £<;*, p. 746*

20. Notice to the excife officer befcft tobacco is firipped, and he is » attend and fee tobacco weired, and to be declared to him wbn quantity is intended for each fcr, on penalty of 20/. but no penal? I if unfit for carrots, &c. or op^ c for fnuff work, and to declare the different forts when tobacco f made into Ihort cut, apd to b< kept fcparatq 24}hour^, or til? 2 account taken,,amjf	»k:

made into rolls or carrots^.and aiw when pretfed,

Same ad, f. 77.pA 7I7.

2ir If roIlrpr carrot .topacco fi^ex-porwon^havc

V	v	^	fce

Google

r)t>

cWixdJand the mahufafturer to jrfrit ^6/. and if walnut-tree saves be cut to imitate tobacco,

0	be forfeited with 20a/. penalty, ut djh may be u fed to ft^n to-accri. 15ante kft, f. 83. p. ^56. Siiuff waters to’provide calks

nd pbde for officers to examine nd mark, and to give notice for qtxmng'tobacco for fnuff, and

1	lb whetrfnuff work is laid down 1 calk, and when taken out, and he making not to be mixed with nother, and for beginning to 'orkwithout notice, penalty 5<y/. ut if fhuff work heninffi for the urpofe, no penalty. Same alt*

93. p- 750.	-	1 ‘

Snuff work when taken, out of le caflt ip give an account to the fficer Of the weight of each fort, ut Wed not for Scotch feiuff retried from the mill and taken to >e robnr allowed fpr it, wh.rit it lay He kept for 6 months, fealed y the Officer, and each making ept apdrt, and not opened but in is prefence, 6n penalty of 200/. amp aft, f. 89. p. 756.

Not to mixfurtick, yellow ebony, >tichwood, logwood, red or Guinea ood, brazilletto or 'Jamaica wood, Ticardgua Wood, Saunders wood, c, wafnut-trec, hop or fycatnore :aves,"herbs, or plants (other than >bacco) or earth, clay, or tobacco nd,'or with oaker, umber, or ly thing to colour fnuff work rxcept water tinged with colour ily) on penalty of 200/. and takers for having fuch things in offbflron to forfeit 50/. and they iay be feized. Same aft, f. 93.

75s-

An account to be kept of Spanijb lixed with Ihort cut tobacco, and alk flour mixed with fnuff, &c. id if. makers do not begin to ork in an hour after notice, to ve frefh notice; and for working unentered places tp forfeit 30A

fob837

"befidts all the other periafties, and the excife officer may convey fuch offender before a juftice^ Who may commit him for 6 month**# the penalty ts not paid, arid for-the lecond offcnce, penalty double and 12 months imprifonmdnt^ Same ' aft, f. <94; p/760.	^

26.	Excife officers may enter the hoafes of manufafturersof tobacco and fnuff, (between 5 okfodr in the mornitTg, and 1 l o’efofttmthc evening'without a conftabie, Und between i t o’clock in the evening and 5 o’clock in the morning with a conftabie,) and take »n*ccount of flock, and in taking fuch account the manufoftutkr to he allowed the following credits, th*.'

For every 100 lb. Weight mtuu-faftnredfor fhort cur, to havcctedit for nbt more than 100#. weight of Ihort cut, tobacco flaflits and returns of tobacco. For fhag tobacco,'105	weight offhagythriks

' and returns, &c. Fbrroll tobabco m$Uk weight of roll, folk* and returns, fcc. For carrot t6btf?co iiolh. weight of carrots, talks and returns. Sec. For Spakijh too lb. weight of Spanijh; and returns, &c. For rappee fnuff toe#, wright of rappee fnuff. For brown Scotch fnuff 120/k weight of brown Scotch fnuff. For tobacco ftalk flour 90 lb. wright of tobacco flour. Same aft, f. 98. p* 760.

27.	Any excefs of flock of thecredits to be deemed a quantity brought in without a permit, arid if fcSes and weights are not kept, or the officer not permitted to tift them, penalty’ 100/. andfalfe ftalesA knd wrighrs, 2001, arid for not afSfling the officer to take accounts* penalty 50/. Same aft, fr 99. ‘p; 76^.

28.	Officers noiittr weigh tbbaeeo in operation, except fninF Woric fent out or recrived by pebtoit^brJhn-inaaufoftotcd tobaccdittopcration.

Digitized by Google

8.3$.	r

.ondthM lb*	&pt

fcparaie, on f euaky of 501, iS«me

a&, (. KA.p. 7%.

29.	Officer* >ffi*y jafco	of to-

towxo anti Cnuff, -paying for the hurt*, sod for refuGog.a peualiy of ifol, Sunt e<5t, f. 103, p. 765.

30. Dealers, Sic.	tpkeep amounts in fMoki or paper {«n»ftie4 fay the officer, but not naor* than one, • to feeaxuiroed oq oath ip 6 njoqtks, and *0 lay open to the officers in-fpeefion, and penalty far negWtf, ito. tool, and for-any unfair clock in hock, and the dealer,,

to forfeit io L Same a$, f. 106. p.767.

31.	Sou bStaff in hands of dealers,

&c. not haying gained more iffian 5&*n	tools.deemed

alaif caromodky* b«t,«o fae kept fcparatefrorn any other, on peaaky of'2of.«ad for nemovktg tobacco or Stuff before taoightid and for concealing at, penalty 5	Same aft,

i. u>j. p. 768.

32.	No tobacco (not being returns)

of 4#. weight or fnuff qf 2 lb. or ffilks, SfOfttJby or ftalk flour above WOOdk weight to be removed from one pact of the kingdom to another without* permit, oo forfeit* fej but officers 10 give ponmits on reqiicft by note,containing the particulars, and	tbc time and manner

*t >«emoYiog, and if not delivered io time ,to be deemed a$ without permit, or if any variaocc between theroqueftand peemit,may be imed, and if adliot* brought, the proof to lay on the owner, and no permit good 'but iunder this regulation. Same no. p.769.

33.	Manafadurera untefa lirocofad as dealers, not to fond out tobacco, &c. iokrfsiquanduesrthao Specified, and po tobacco tod*,brought into the boofe of. a mwtifaflurer or dealer without pertnityoQjforfixture

' theveofyjwkh calks* &c. and treble value, and no tobacco, &c« to be

Tot

'mQvcdfromwiihioutdbe liimjvDftie iWW excite office* to yriibmlhbfe .iHhits, por out.of the limits of any tof thcaforefcid ports, or to triton or in, 2 miles from the fame, on forfeiture with calks, &c. box not to extend to Spomjk by a \ manufacturer cut from ibfts wA a permit, nor ftalk tobacco ikwr ground by a fnuflf miller, or fouff, ,&C. from one dealer to another, with other regulations : if tobacco, &c. be offered to any perfoa ke m*y feize the Came, and have the 'fame reward as officers, and the j commiffioners may order 3 d. per . pound df fuch feizure to be paid till difpofed of, &c. Same afl, i. 1X17. p. 778.

34., For forging permits, to forfeit 500/. and on attion for the fame,

10 give bail. Same aS, L nj,

•P-J&2-

3|.,On exporting tobacco manuSt*-tuccd at any ofxhe ports mention; . to any place beyond fea, (da/ Xo%Paro or Ferro) Xo be tbefe cuftom drawbacks^ vh, "

For (hort cut, fb 3g* roll or cafrr: tobacco, per pound weight (2d, According to the rules preiented and pra&ifed, and if not bloats be packed in an hour after note, 1 froth notice muft be given, and i: ihortcut and Spanijb are mixed, to be allowed as fhort cut, ^nd to equal four times the weight dtihz Spani/by but if tke Spanijb exceed , one-fifth of the whole, to be forfeited with package* Sec, and aor but the officer open the package &c.to forfeit 50/. and tar enteref for.expartation tobacco mixed kin rubbifh, to forfeit the feme aoi loaL per	roll	or	carcot	t>

. bacco containing more (ban A: quantity of .water allowed!, jo k forfeited. Sameaff, f. jaj. p,

« - 783.- -	/	*	\	r	,e	’	1

a6* fiefbre Ihippictg	foe

. forution,ibood to^be given wr m

bdag

Digitized by ^.ooQle

m

being fairly exported as merchandize as fpecifiecF/and in a month after, the commiflioners of exdfe are to give efebetitures, which being produced to the colleftar, he is to- pay* tli^ /ofliwin^ draWba;K,

Fbr ffldrt erdf, £ef pound" §d.

' fot fha£, do	i,:*	:uk\d.

’For toft, do * '	gd.

For carror, do	*w.’

If relanded or put on board any other fhip in the /kingdom, to be forfeited; to be difeharged by certificate, whlttt if counterfeited to forfeit 200/.; but this aft not to permit f he imputation and expor* tation of tobacco, contrary to thd afts in force, Off. itf, 1789, nor to allow drawbacks, not at that time allowable. Sameaft, 1135*. p. 788.,

7.	Several regulations in regard to feizing, felling, and burning tobacco^ and the rewards to officers, Ac. Same act, if. 146*. p. 790. i. Veffels feized adapted for imug. gling, to be Woken UP an^ fojd,* and the produce divided between the King and the officer, but if fit for the royal nayy, to be fo difpofed of„ apd the King’s fhare to bepaid into the exchequer. Same aftr f. 144. p. 794, ,

1. No officer'of cuftoms to be m-tifTfcdto reward, without giving notice of feizure to the next excife office, and officers of excife may go on board within 4 leagues of the coaft'to fearch for tobacco, and not to be obftrufted, on penalty of 2001, and 500/. for offering bribes, and other regulations in regard to landing tobacco. Same act, f. 147- P- 796-

. No manufaSurerondealer to aft as maglftratefn any cafe relating to tobacco and fnuff. Same aft, r. 154. p. 799.

. Thumt> cut, black leaf lug and twill or pigtail, to be deemed roll

Toi	839

tobaccotobacco ftiailsfiftedfrom fhort cut, and: fhfeg; ani alleetuins

of £paa1jfr? dtemed return* ofe tobacco f and fmrffiftdd ftota tobacco fmirifefdeeihedK*iC(tofaittifftalks flattened and due irnoi deethed	alkfs tokoo htfm

the leaf/ deemed tobacco ftalfcs; and whete made into ftoik.flour, deethed tdbadcO (talks to ; make flour; all pertbnt imfuifaftoring any of tbefe ■dtrmminaiions ofcto-

*	baccovdeemedttiSnufafikuoersrtiand

1 alb perfons fetting tobacco tfojks,

return* of fobacc6, and ftaiksikt-tened or cut into Spanijb, to,*be deemed‘ dealers in tobacco^. rod perfonrs felling ftafk fteuiV fhuff Work or fnuff, deemed. deiders in fnuff.iwSbme U 154. p. 799.

42..	PenaJtfeb: ih'theicuiWms*td be pre^ecutdd under the caftom* in

*	'England ttod'SwUrti'y and rift eaacife

under the laws ofl fexeifev dt\ in <*>am record at	or

ih the exehdqocr iw Stotiokd^i V\d divided between ihe:Riiig*attd*he pfotkcotlng informeof ihd the duties- td be cattied tovfhf finking fund; and all tobacco

though not entered or warehoused by Ofi. ro, 1789-* liable to duties by this aft, and'bonds for ware* houfed tobacco, at the commencement of *ttti$ ad, fo be cancelled on certificates^ ds thecontmiSiOlim of cuftoms (hail direft, and tfio profecution to bt commenced for

*	pecuniary penalties for offences, before July 20, and the King’s (hare of other penalties dtfeharged, and outlawries may be reverfed by order of court out of which the ptocefs iffued, but not to extend to executions before the aft* Same aft* f. *7561 p. 8oo*

43*. In aftiohs by pferforis claiming the benefit of this aft agajnft officers, may plead the general iffue, &c. but this aft not to extend to difeharge money due on. lawful - impor-

Digitized by LjOoq ie

840	U

importation, &c. and compofitions for penalties to be made good, and this adt may be pleaded, and actions againft officers, the fame to be releafed before the benefit of this adt claimed; duties and drawbacks by this adt to be under the cuftoms, except where altered, and to be managed as the repealed duties. Same adt, f. 164. p. 803.

44.	The powers of 12 Car. 2. c. 24. and all other excife laws (except where altered) to be exercifed in levying the excife duties impofed hereby, &c. Same adt, f. 17a p. 80s*

45.	Adt 24 Geo. 2. c. 4T. and fo much of 20 Geo. 2. c. 13. and of 23 Geo. 3. c. 1 x. as relates to tobacco, (talks and fnuff, as alfo 25 Geo. 3. c. 81. and 26 Geo. 3. c. 52. repealed (except as to the du-* ties impofed by this adt). Same s&, f. 171. p. 806.

46.	Adtions for any thing done under this adt limited to 3 months, and the defendant may plead the genera] iffue, and have treble colts if he prevails* Same adt, f. 172* p. 806.

u.

United. .

gEE Amenta. Chap. i. p. 587.

wv/-

V.

Velvets*

FO R entering any houfcinSat-land with intent to defiroy Trivets, &c. in the loom, and comridd in the court of jufticiarv or cku court, to fuffer death. Chap. 47. p.

622.

w.

Wanfteie.

QJEE Churches. Chap. 14. p, 551.

Weft Indies.

I. Exporters of goods permitted to * be imported from the Britfi IndieSy to make oath, fiifyd to peijury, that fuch goods were not imported under the authority cf f 28 Geo. 3. c. 6. Chap, 56.11 p. 650.

2. Goods and (hips, &c. exported contrary to this ad, may be fcttd by commanders and officers of (hips of war, fend of the caftans, and the forfeitures and penalrksto be profecuted in the fame manner as thofe relating to the cufioeu. Same adt, f. 4. p. 651.

See Slaves. Chap, 66. f. 22. p*yo2*

The END of the INDEX.

Digitized by Google